                        28 September 2016




For personal use only
                        The Manager
                        Company Notices Section
                        ASX Limited
                        Exchange Centre
                        20 Bridge Street
                        Sydney NSW 2000



                        Dear Sir / Madam,

                        GOODMAN GROUP (GOODMAN) - SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW AND ANNUAL REPORT
                        2016

                        The Goodman Securityholder Review and Annual Report 2016 (incorporating the consolidated
                        financial reports for Goodman Limited, Goodman Industrial Trust and Goodman Logistics (HK)
                        Limited) were dispatched to Securityholders today.

                        The Reports and covering letter are attached.

                        Yours sincerely




                        Carl Bicego
                        Company Secretary




                         Goodman Group
                         Goodman Limited | ABN 69 000 123 071
                         Goodman Funds Management Limited | ABN 48 067 796 641 | AFSL Number 223621
                         as responsible entity of Goodman Industrial Trust | ARSN 091213 839
                         Level 17, 60 Castlereagh Street, Sydney NSW 2000 | GPO Box 4703, Sydney NSW 2001 Australia
                         Tel +61 2 9230 7400 | Fax +61 2 9230 7444
                         Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited | Company No. 1700359 | ARBN 155 911 149
                         a Hong Kong company with limited liability
                         Suite 901, Three Pacific Place, 1 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong | Tel +852 2249 3100 | Fax +852 2525 2070
                         info-au@goodman.com | www.goodman.com
                        28 September 2016




For personal use only
                        Dear Securityholder

                        Goodman Group (Goodman or Group) - Securityholder Review and Annual Report 2016


                        We are pleased to present the Goodman Securityholder Review and Annual Report 2016. The Annual
                        Report includes the consolidated financial reports for Goodman Limited, Goodman Industrial Trust and
                        Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited (the Goodman Limited report being for the entire consolidated Goodman
                        Group). The online versions are also available at www.goodman.com.

                        Goodman has completed another successful year, in which we continued to grow our business and ensure
                        we are in robust financial and operational shape. This saw the Group deliver an operating profit of $715
                        million for the year ended 30 June 2016, equivalent to operating earnings per security of 40.1 cents, and
                        pay a total distribution of 24.0 cents per security for the full year.

                        Goodman is well positioned for the 2017 financial year. We have a strong development business, with a
                        significant pipeline of growth opportunities to deliver tailored property solutions for our customers around
                        the world and provide our investment partners with access to high quality, well located industrial properties.
                        In turn, this will continue to grow our assets under management and drive the long-term growth of our
                        earnings.

                        Annual General Meeting
                        The Annual General Meeting will be held on Thursday, 17 November 2016 at The Westin Sydney, No 1
                        Martin Place, Sydney at 10:00am. A Notice of Meetings and Proxy Forms will be dispatched to
                        Securityholders during October.

                        Thank you for your support over the past year.


                        Yours faithfully




                        Gregory Goodman
                        Group Chief Executive Officer




                         Goodman Group
                         Goodman Limited | ABN 69 000 123 071
                         Goodman Funds Management Limited | ABN 48 067 796 641 | AFSL Number 223621
                         as responsible entity of Goodman Industrial Trust | ARSN 091213 839
                         Level 17, 60 Castlereagh Street, Sydney NSW 2000 | GPO Box 4703, Sydney NSW 2001 Australia
                         Tel +61 2 9230 7400 | Fax +61 2 9230 7444
                         Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited | Company No. 1700359 | ARBN 155 911 149 | a Hong Kong company with limited liability
                         Suite 901, Three Pacific Place, 1 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong | Tel +852 2249 3100 | Fax +852 2525 2070
                         info-au@goodman.com | www.goodman.com
                L E A D I N G T R A N S F O R M AT I O N   E V O LV I N G O U R B U S I N E S S   T H E G AT E WAY C I T Y R E P O RT                      3

                   We are executing a long-term              Our strong performance is               GoodmanG O O  DMAN
                                                                                                               invests in G R OUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016
                                                                                                                          quality
                    plan that will keep us at the          helping to build a higher quality       properties and locations in key
                       forefront of our sector.              business for the long term.              gateway cities globally.


                               p—04                                     p—12                                  p—38




For personal use only
                        INDUSTRIAL
                         EVOLUTION
              G O O D M A N                         G R O U P       S E C U R I T Y H O L D E R                           R E V I E W         2 0 1 6
          4


          CONTENTS




          38—59                                   40—43




         IN D U S TR IA L                         TOKYO




For personal use only
         EVO LU TIO N
          Feature spread with case studies from
          some of Goodman’s gateway cities
                                                  44—47



                                                  S Y D NE Y
                                                  48—51



                                                  S H A NG H A I
          4—11


          L E A D I N G TRAN S FO R M ATIO N
          Chairman’s letter
                                                  52—55
          12—25


          E V O LVING OUR B U S IN ES S
          Group CEO’s report
                                                  L O S A NG E L E S
          26—37                                   56—59


          B U I L DING ON Q U A LITY
          Group operations                        PA R IS
                                                                                                   3

                                                            GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                                              80—


                                              GROUP EXECUTI VES




For personal use only
                                              82—


                                              REGI ONAL EXECUTI VES
                                              84—


                                              BOARD OF DI RECTORS




                60—77


                S U S TAININ G
                O U R F UTURE                 86—



                                              SECURIT IES IN FORMAT IO N
                Corporate responsibility
                and sustainability

                78—
                                              87—
                F I VE YE AR FIN A N C IA L
                S U M M ARY                   CORPORAT E DIRECT ORY
          4

          CHAIRMAN’S LETTER — LEADING TRANSFORMATION




For personal use only
       “ AT T H E F O R E F R O N T O F O U R S E C T O R ”
          IAN FERRIER, AM
          INDEPENDENT CHAIRMAN




                        he 2016 financial
                        year (FY2016) was
                        another successful
                        year for Goodman.
                        Not only did we grow
                        our operating profit
                        to $715 million, a
                        9% increase on the
          2015 financial year (FY2015), but
          we did it while executing a long-
          term plan which will underpin the
          Group’s future. Low borrowings,
          a robust balance sheet and strong
          customer relationships, supported
          by our gateway city strategy, were
          all features of the last year.
                                                               5

                        GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




For personal use only
          6

          CHAIRMAN’S LETTER — LEADING TRANSFORMATION




                                                                   Operating EPS (¢)
          FY2016 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS                              30.5   32.4          34.8               37.2    40.1




For personal use only
          Financial highlights for FY2016 include:
                                                                                                       .
          ++ Operating profit of $715 million, a 9% increase                                  % p.a
                                                                                  R 7.1
                                                                           CAG
             on FY2015;
          ++ Statutory profit of $1,275 million, contributing to
             19% growth in net tangible assets per security;
          ++ Operating earnings per security (EPS) of
             40.1 cents, up 7.8% on FY2015;
          ++ Distribution per security of 24.0 cents, up 8%
             on FY2015;
          ++ A strong financial position maintained,
             with balance sheet gearing of 11.8%; and
          ++ Group liquidity at $2.6 billion to meet all           FY12   FY13         FY14                FY15    FY16
             near term obligations and opportunities.
                                                                   Operating profit ($m)

                                                                   463    544            601               653      715

          THE RIGHT MIX
                                                                                                 .a.
                                                                                              %p
          With an expanding business operating in a                             1      1.5
                                                                             GR
          high growth sector, successful execution of our                  CA

          strategy has required an optimal mix of prudent,
          uncompromising financial management coupled
          with entrepreneurial drive.
                Last year at Goodman, I believe we came
          up with the right mix. The numbers support our
          approach.
                These results were the product of the execution
          of a long-term strategy that a short-term plan
          would not be able to achieve. Over the past five
          years at Goodman, the discipline and commitment
          of the executive team and staff have seen the            FY12   FY13          FY14               FY15    FY16
          Group conceive, develop and execute a plan which
          will fortify Goodman’s future.
                As part of this plan, we continued acting          Statutory profit ($m)
          on our earlier decision to invest and develop in
          quality locations in major urban centres, in order       408    161            657               1,208   1,275

          to capitalise on the urbanisation of major cities,
          the boom in global consumption and the continued
          evolution of e-commerce and logistics.                                                   .
                                                                                               p.a
                To get there, we’ve combined the financial                               .0%
                                                                                      33
          strength which we see as part of ‘business as usual’                   GR
                                                                           CA
          at Goodman, with an appetite for expansion and
          change that has helped us stay ahead of the market.




                                                                   FY12   FY13          FY14               FY15    FY16
                                                                              7

                        GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




For personal use only
                        Goodman Pudong Airport Logistics Park, Shanghai, China.
          8

          CHAIRMAN’S LETTER — LEADING TRANSFORMATION




For personal use only


          Goodman Business Park, Tokyo, Japan.
                                                                                                                                        9

                                                                                         GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                             To stay at the forefront of our sector, we
                        envisaged a plan that would go the distance. We’re
                        now well positioned to capitalise on the side effect
                        of a boom in e-commerce and a redefinition of the




For personal use only
                        role of the warehouse. Today, our customers want
                        more value from their property solutions than ever
                        before. They are willing to consolidate, rationalise
                        or automate to achieve greater cost efficiencies.
                        We also know they are turning their attention to
                        the locations where Goodman’s gateway city
                        strategy remains focused: proven logistics locations
                        in major cities around the world, close to major
                        urban centres.
                             The results of this strategy of developing quality
                        properties in sought-after locations can not only
                        be seen in the strong bottom line we presented
                        for FY2016, but it’s also shown through the high          THE RIGHT PLAN
                        quality of our properties. These are being built
                        to lead, not just meet, market demands in the             I’m pleased to say that in FY2016, the discipline
                        warehousing sector.                                       and commitment of our executives and staff have
                             Across the globe last year, the foresight            ensured the desired outcome we’ve been working
                        Goodman has shown in its urban renewal and                towards in our five year plan is all but here.
                        gateway city strategies provided our customers                 While our results are impressive on their own,
                        with a competitive edge and the Group with a              there are two factors which make them even more
                        sustainable business.                                     so. First, they’ve been achieved without resorting
                             Nowhere was this better demonstrated than            to the use of financial leverage, and second, they
                        in Sydney, Australia. When one of our commercial          take into account the costs of expansion into
                        properties at Waterloo Road in Macquarie Park was         new markets such as the United States and Brazil.
                        rezoned as residential and subsequently contracted             Overall, we are confident with our forecast
                        for sale, we worked closely with the building’s           6% p.a. operating earnings per security growth
                        customer, Fuji Xerox to find them suitable alternative    for FY2017.
                        commercial space.
                             Soon, Fuji Xerox will relocate to a brand new
                        Goodman development in nearby Khartoum Road,
                        Macquarie Park. This new property gives Fuji Xerox
                        a chance to consolidate its operations, with its Fuji
                        Film business also moving into the new commercial
                        space. As a result, we have been able to provide
                        Fuji Xerox with higher quality premises, through
                        a cost-effective, minimally disruptive move.
                             For Goodman’s part, there were significant           Gearing (%)
                        benefits to this approach. We’ve not only
                        conditionally exchanged on the sale of the Waterloo       23.9    18.5     19.5       17.3   11.8
                        Road site, but importantly, we’ve also provided
                        Fuji Xerox with a better property solution and                     CAG
                                                                                                 R 16
                        retained them in our Australian portfolio.                                   .2%
                                                                                                           p.a.




                                                                                  FY12    FY13     FY14       FY15   FY16
          10

          CHAIRMAN’S LETTER — LEADING TRANSFORMATION




          A BRIGHT FUTURE




For personal use only
          What we’ve seen in FY2016 is the outcome of the
          past five years of dedication and discipline by the
          team in executing a well-designed strategy. The
          results ensure Goodman has built a sustainable
          business which is now well positioned for the
          future—one which may entail further expansion of
          our core business or expansion from opportunistic
          circumstances.
                Whichever we choose, our cautious financial
          management over the last year ensures that we
          are in a solid position in terms of under reliance on
          cash. Additionally, as our investment partners have
          $8 billion of undrawn equity capital committed, we
          will not have to resort to undue leverage to fulfil our
          opportunistic plans.
                Of course, no matter how solid the plan,
          there will be bumps in the road. We can anticipate
          continuing challenges in new and developing
          economies such as China, where we have long-
          term partners and caps on our exposure. In more
          mature economies, we will continue with our
          rational expansion plans, taking advantage of our
          unique industry segment and its current growth
          phase, in particular our growth in the United States.
                When we do hit challenges, I rest assured,
          knowing that our people are our core strength,
          and the success we have seen is testament to
          that. The executive team are highly experienced
          and have been together to execute this strategy
          over the past five years. We also enjoy high staff
          retention across the whole Group. All are positive
          factors, which are reflected in a performance-based
          remuneration plan designed to ensure retention of
          key and high performing staff, another strategy with
          which we are very satisfied.
                I am very proud of the excellent results that
          the Group has achieved in FY2016, through its
          conviction on delivering to a robust and sustainable
          strategy and of the focus, commitment and drive
          shown by everyone at Goodman. I look forward to
          the coming year and would like to thank our staff for
          their dedication and our Securityholders, customers
          and investment partners for your continued support.




          IAN FERRIER, AM
          INDEPENDENT CHAIRMAN
                                                              11

                        GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




For personal use only
                             I am very proud of
                             the excellent results
                             that the Group has
                             achieved in FY2016,
                             through its conviction on
                             delivering to a robust and
                             sustainable strategy and
                             of the focus, commitment
                             and drive shown by
                             everyone at Goodman.
                             IAN FERRIER, AM
                             INDEPENDENT CHAIRMAN
          12

          GROUP CEO’S REPORT — EVOLVING OUR BUSINESS




For personal use only
                                                                   13

                             GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




For personal use only
                        E V O LV I N G O U R B U S I N E S S




                        G
                        GREGORY GOODMAN
                        GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER




                                  oodman has completed
                                  another successful year
                                  in which we continued
                                  to grow our business
                                  and ensure we are in
                                  robust shape financially
                                  and operationally to
                                  benefit from a number
                        of transformational macro themes
                        that are shaping the future and
                        driving the evolution of the
                        industrial property sector. This
                        is an exciting time for the Group
                        and I’m pleased to report on our
                        activities and achievements in
                        the 2016 financial year and how
                        these are positioning Goodman
                        for a strong future.
          14

          GROUP CEO’S REPORT — EVOLVING OUR BUSINESS




               Our performance during the year delivered
          7.8% growth in operating earnings per security,
          demonstrating our conviction that the business




For personal use only
          strategy we are executing is the right one for the
          prevailing market conditions and will create long-
          term value for all of Goodman’s stakeholders.
          Our ability to achieve this comes from Goodman’s
          industrial property expertise, size and scale, and
          the extensive infrastructure we have in place around
          the world. Our operations span 16 countries and
          we have built a truly global business, with a virtually
          unrivalled operating platform and skilled team of
                                                                    These themes include:
          people. This has enabled us to be innovative by
          identifying and adopting new trends early, ensuring       ++ The trend toward greater urbanisation
          that Goodman has always been a leader within                 of our cities;
          our sector. The capability and resources we have
                                                                    ++ The growth in consumerism, which is driving
          amassed over many years provide Goodman with
                                                                       demand from our customers across a broad
          access to a wide range of quality opportunities,
                                                                       range of sectors from retail and pharmaceutical
          the experience to solve the diverse and changing
                                                                       to automotive;
          property needs of our customers across a wide
          range of industries, and an investment offering           ++ The evolution of e-commerce and enabling
          that attracts significant capital from global                technologies (such as mobile technology),
          investment partners.                                         which is changing consumer behaviour and
               A prominent backdrop to the last 12 months              driving greater investment in proven logistics
          has been the ever growing prevalence of a                    locations, close to major urban centres and
          number of macro themes that are driving the                  end-consumers; and
          demand for modern, well located logistics space.
                                                                    ++ The focus of our customers on getting more
          They are underpinning significant change across
                                                                       value from their property solutions and achieving
          the industrial property sector globally and the
                                                                       cost efficiencies, which include consolidating
          role that logistics and warehousing space has
                                                                       operations, upgrading facilities, rationalising
          traditionally played.
                                                                       supply chains, greater automation and the use
                                                                       of robotics.
                                                                         The quality and location of our properties have
                                                                    always been key factors in Goodman’s investment
                                                                    decisions and they define the composition of our
                                                                    overall portfolio of 412 properties. In the context
                                                                    of the themes transforming our sector, we continue
                                                                    to see ongoing growth in the quality and strength
                                                                    of our properties in and around major gateway
                                                                    cities and this forms the basis of our overall
                                                                    business strategy.
                                                                         During the year, this was reflected in our
                                                                    focus on improving the quality of our properties
                                                                    and the income we earn from them. We did this by
                                                                    taking advantage of the high demand for modern,




         $2.2bn
                                                                    well located logistics space and selectively selling
                                                                    assets, with the proceeds reinvested into our
                                                                    development business. The continued strong
                                                                    demand for industrial assets resulted in $2.2 billion
                                                                    of properties (excluding urban renewal sites)
                                                                    being sold across the Group and our managed
                                                                    Partnerships in markets including Australia,
                                                                    New Zealand, China, the United Kingdom and
                                                                    Continental Europe. This sales activity has helped
                                                                    to fund our growing development work book,
          Properties sold                                           which increased to $3.4 billion at year end and
          (excluding urban renewal sites)                           remains a key driver of growth for Goodman.
                                                                                    15

                             GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




For personal use only
                        Viridian Glass, Highbrook Business Park, Auckland, New Zealand.
          16

          GROUP CEO’S REPORT — EVOLVING OUR BUSINESS




For personal use only


          Texaco Centre, Dynamic Cargo Centre, Global Gateway and Tsuen Wan International Centre, Hong Kong, China.
                                                                                                                                 17

                                                                                    GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                                                                               $3.3bn
                              The ongoing strength in asset pricing enhances
                        our competitive advantage, given our ability
                        to develop brand new logistics space in sought
                        after locations, where land is difficult to obtain




For personal use only
                        and demand exceeds available supply. We are
                        able to replace existing assets at a forecast yield
                        on cost of 7.8% with our own modern, high quality
                        developments. This is reflected in the $3.3 billion
                        of new development projects we commenced
                        across our operating regions during FY2016,            New developments commenced
                        which is adding significant value and providing
                        the best risk adjusted returns at this point in the
                        property cycle. In turn, this is benefitting Goodman
                        and our stakeholders by enhancing our overall
                        portfolio and income quality and driving higher
                        investment returns.
                              The Group continued to focus on managing
                        the risk in its growing development business
                        during the year through its disciplined and prudent
                        approach to development. We did this by ensuring
                        that we maintained a strong financial position,
                        reinvesting the proceeds from our property sale
                        initiatives and limiting speculative development
                        to markets where there is an undersupply of new
                        logistics space. Importantly, we are undertaking
                        more development in our managed Partnerships
                                                                                    We completed another busy year in our
                        and this is reducing the amount of capital that the
                                                                               development business, with Australia undertaking
                        Group is directly contributing to fund its overall
                                                                               more than $700 million of projects in the key east
                        development projects.
                                                                               coast cities of Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane.
                                                                               The development activity we have underway reflects
                                                                               the shift by our customers toward reducing costs
                                                                               and improving operational efficiencies. Demand
                                                                               has been largely driven by the ongoing growth
                                                                               in e-commerce through the increased space
                                                                               requirements of third party logistics customers.
                                                                               We also secured a number of new commitments
                                                                               from domestic and international retailers, including
                                                                               Jewel Fine Foods, ALDI and Super Amart.
                                                                                    In our New Zealand business, customer
                                                                               demand is contributing to the ongoing strength of
                                                                               our development book in the key Auckland market.
                                                                               We announced 11 new projects during the year,
                                                                               which were mostly pre-committed to customers
                                                                               on long-term leases, including four projects at our
                                                                               flagship Highbrook Business Park.
                                                                                    Goodman maintained development volumes
                                                                               in China of 740,000 sqm, with our selective




                        $34.1bn
                                                                               development approach targeting strategic logistics
                                                                               locations around key economic centres, including
                                                                               Shanghai, Beijing, Chongqing and Chengdu.
                                                                               Demand for quality space in these markets remains
                                                                               high, driven by domestic consumption and in
                                                                               particular, we continued to see strong interest from
                                                                               e-commerce, retail and logistics customers. This
                                                                               has achieved pre-commitment levels of over 50%,
                                                                               with good pre-leasing activity on our uncommitted
                                                                               developments, such as Goodman Qingpu Centre
                        Total assets under management                          in Shanghai, which was 97% leased on completion.
          18

          GROUP CEO’S REPORT — EVOLVING OUR BUSINESS




                The Japan market continues to experience
          strong demand for modern, high quality logistics
          space. The targeted development approach being
          undertaken by our Japan team is focused on




For personal use only
          prime, strategic locations around Tokyo and Osaka.
          Highlighting this, we delivered Stage 1 of Goodman
          Business Park in Chiba Newtown, Tokyo, a 117,000
          sqm four-storey, multi-customer logistics facility,
          which has been fully leased. Following this success,
          we also announced the commencement of Stage 2
          at Goodman Business Park, with strong pre-leasing
          interest for this 125,000 sqm logistics facility, which
          will have the same high specification as Stage 1.
                In the United Kingdom, we maintained our
          development led approach, securing new opportunities
          during the year in proven, core markets. With the
          support of our global investment partners, we also
                                                                          The roll-out of Goodman’s development
          launched the Goodman UK Logistics Partnership.
                                                                    pipeline in the US gathered momentum over the
          The Partnership has already completed its first two
                                                                    year, with our focus on key undersupplied markets
          projects, both of which have been fully leased.
                                                                    in Southern California, New Jersey and Pennsylvania.
                In Continental Europe, our business continues
                                                                    We made good progress in the Inland Empire market
          to perform well, with development volumes
                                                                    in Southern California, completing more than 160,000
          remaining strong. Our work book was 623,000
                                                                    sqm of logistics space and signing major leases with
          sqm at year end. We have sustained this level of
                                                                    Amazon and Walmart. We also commenced over
          activity over the last four years and have been
                                                                    200,000 sqm of new developments at our mixed-use
          ranked Europe’s top real estate developer for the
                                                                    development in Eastvale, securing a pre-commitment
          fifth consecutive year by PropertyEU magazine.
                                                                    from Volkswagen for a new training facility.
          Ongoing customer demand in sectors including
                                                                          In Brazil, we secured 100% of the operating
          e-commerce, retail and automotive underpinned
                                                                    platform, agreeing terms with WTorre to split our
          activity in our key markets of Germany, France
                                                                    respective interests in the assets of the WTGoodman
          and Poland, achieving overall occupancy across
                                                                    joint venture. We now operate as Goodman Brazil
          our European portfolio of 98%.
                                                                    and our operations there are strategically aligned
                                                                    with the Group’s global platform. We maintain our
                                                                    positive long-term view on Brazil and are focused on
                                                                    selectively undertaking targeted growth opportunities,
                                                                    such as the pre-committed 62,000 sqm development
                                                                    for Walmart that was secured during the year.
                                                                          Our stabilised property portfolio around the
                                                                    world experienced robust operating activity over
                                                                    the last year, with strong leasing results and




         59%
                                                                    ongoing high occupancy and customer retention
                                                                    levels. We achieved this through the consistent
                                                                    delivery of our customer focused offering and by
                                                                    ensuring that our properties are well maintained and
                                                                    presented. The quality, location and performance
                                                                    of our stabilised portfolio ensure that our properties
                                                                    are sought after by our customers and attractive to
                                                                    investors, which continues to support higher property
                                                                    valuations. Together with the strength of Goodman’s
                                                                    development activities, this was a major driver of
                                                                    the growth in our total assets under management
                                                                    during the year, which increased by 13% to $34.1
                                                                    billion as at 30 June. This was largely due to the
                                                                    $3.2 billion of developments we completed and
                                                                    $810 million of higher property valuations across
                                                                    Goodman’s overall portfolio, with our urban renewal
          Earnings contributed by                                   sites in Australia contributing approximately 33%
          Goodman’s international operations                        of this valuation increase.
                                                              19

                        GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




For personal use only
          20

          GROUP CEO’S REPORT — EVOLVING OUR BUSINESS




               The Group’s urban renewal strategy continues
          to represent an important long-term opportunity
          and major source of capital for our business.
          It shows how investing in quality gateway city




For personal use only
          locations, where land is scarce and in high demand
          has, over time, prompted a change in use from
          industrial to residential, creating significant value
          for Goodman. Demonstrating this, we have sold
          and conditionally contracted $2.1 billion of sites,
          of which $800 million of urban renewal transactions
          were settled to 30 June, with a further $1 billion
          of settlements to occur in FY2017. We continue
          to maintain the momentum in our urban renewal
          activities by focusing on achieving positive planning
          outcomes on a number of sites, while also
          maintaining our current urban renewal pipeline in
          Australia, which is equivalent to 35,000 apartments.
               Goodman has retained the strong support of
          global investor groups, who value our contemporary
          approach to investment management. This comes
          from our independence, governance and alignment
          of interests, with the Group investing alongside our
          partners. The Group’s specialist investment offering,
          development expertise and proven ability of our
          Partnership platform to deliver strong total returns
          and create value, are attractive to our investment
          partners. This saw an additional $2.3 billion of
          equity raised in FY2016, mainly for our Partnerships
          in China, Japan and the United Kingdom. This has
          bolstered the investment capacity of our managed
          Partnerships and provides them with access
          to quality opportunities not readily available in
          the market.
               The strong performance delivered in the
          2016 financial year reflects the range of operating
          activities and strategic initiatives undertaken across
          Goodman’s business globally. This has delivered full
          year operating earnings per security of 40.1 cents,
          an increase of 7.8% on FY2015 and operating profit
          of $715 million, up 9% on last year. This was above
          our initial 6% earnings guidance provided at the
          start of the year.
               The total distribution we paid for the year
          was 24.0 cents per security, representing an 8%
          increase on last year and was in line with Goodman’s
          60% distribution payout ratio. Payment of the
          distribution consisted of 11.9 cents in the first half
          of the year and 12.1 cents for the second half.




                                                                   Brand Developers, West Industry Park, Melbourne, Australia.
                                                                                 21

                                           GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                        $715m 24.0¢



For personal use only
                        Operating profit             Distribution per security
          22

          GROUP CEO’S REPORT — EVOLVING OUR BUSINESS




          GROUP OPERATIONS


                                                                  $2.6bn



For personal use only
          Goodman delivered an operating EBIT of $879
          million, which is a substantial increase of 23%
          compared with last year. The robust result is
          mainly due to our continued focus on driving the
          organic growth of our business, the geographic          Liquidity
          diversification of our operating platform and the
          increased scale of our existing markets around the
          world, while also benefitting in part from a weaker
          Australian dollar. Reflecting the strength of the
          customer and investor demand for quality logistics
          properties globally, Goodman’s development
          and management businesses performed well,
          contributing 39% and 18% of operating EBIT
          respectively. The continued growth in the
          contribution from our development activities was
          a key factor in Goodman’s earnings outperformance
          for the full year. The contribution to operating EBIT
          by Goodman’s investment earnings was 43%, with
          stable investment earnings in line with expectations.
                The value of our geographically diversified
          operating platform was reflected in the 59% of          CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
          earnings contributed by Goodman’s international
          operations, with solid growth achieved in these         Maintaining a strong financial position is an
          markets.                                                important part of Goodman’s overall business
                Further information on the Group’s operations     strategy, balancing our commitment to delivering
          for FY2016 is available on pages 26 to 37 of this       sustainable long-term growth and competitive
          Securityholder Review.                                  risk-adjusted returns with lower financial leverage.
                                                                  We are achieving this through our focus on
                                                                  selectively selling property assets across the
                                                                  Group and our managed Partnerships and
                                                                  reinvesting capital into our development activities
                                                                  to deliver growth in investment returns.
                                                                       With our development business continuing
                                                                  to grow, having available capital to self-fund our
                                                                  development work book makes us less reliant on
                                                                  new capital, while helping to reduce our financial
                                                                  leverage. In turn, this positions Goodman to
          Operating EBIT by                                       better withstand market volatility and to also take
          geographic segment                                      advantage of longer-term growth opportunities.
                                                                       As a result, the Group’s gearing was 11.8%
                                                                  at year end, compared with 17.3% as at 30 June
                                                                  2015. We expect gearing to continue reducing, as
                                                                  further capital is received from ongoing selective
                                                                  property disposals and settlements arising from the
                                                                  sale of urban renewal sites. Goodman also finished
                                                                  the year with total liquidity of $2.6 billion, providing
                                                                  considerable financial flexibility for the future.
                                                                       We procured $3.1 billion of debt facilities
                                                                  during the year across the Group and managed
                                                                  Partnerships, mainly to refinance existing facilities.
                                                                  This achieved an average term to maturity of
               Australia 41%
                                                                  4.5 years and pricing at current market rates,
               Europe 33%                                         confirming our continued focus on extending debt
               Asia Pacific 25%                                   funding sources and Goodman’s ongoing access
               The Americas 1%                                    to global debt capital markets.
                                                                                                                            23

                                                                                      GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                Goodman Logistics Center Rancho Cucamonga, Southern California, US.




For personal use only
          24

          GROUP CEO’S REPORT — EVOLVING OUR BUSINESS




          eBay Enterprise, Goodman Halle Logistics Centre, Halle, Germany.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                       25

                                                                                        GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                        OUTLOOK




For personal use only
                        Goodman is building a higher quality business
                        for the long term. The success we have achieved
                        over the last year shows how we are successfully
                        executing our strategy, and our early recognition
                        and understanding of the major macro themes
                        and structural changes that are transforming
                        our sector globally. With Goodman’s specialist
                        industrial offering and geographically diversified
                        operating platform, combined with the strength                  The progress we are making on our urban
                        of our customer relationships and managed                  renewal strategy will generate considerable capital
                        Partnerships, we are well placed to take advantage         for Goodman, as further settlements occur in
                        of the strong ongoing demand for modern, efficient         FY2017 and in future periods. This is driving our
                        and well located logistics space. We will focus            financial leverage lower and together with our
                        on accessing the best quality opportunities in the         property sales initiatives, is providing Goodman
                        best locations, to drive sustainable earnings growth       with significant financial flexibility and a robust
                        for future periods and create long-term value for          balance sheet position.
                        all stakeholders.                                               In turn, the Group is well positioned for FY2017.
                              Our focus remains on improving the quality           We have a strong development business, with
                        of our properties and income across Goodman’s              a significant pipeline of growth opportunities to
                        portfolio globally. We will continue to selectively sell   deliver tailored property solutions for our global
                        assets, although with $4.1 billion of property sales       customer base and provide our investment partners
                        already undertaken over the last two years, this will      with access to high quality, well located industrial
                        be at a slower rate in FY2017. With development            properties. In turn, this will continue to grow our
                        providing the best risk adjusted returns, we will          assets under management and drive the long-term
                        reinvest sale proceeds into our development                growth of our earnings. Goodman is forecasting full
                        business, providing funding for the projects being         year operating earnings per security of 42.5 cents,
                        undertaken by the Group and our managed                    up 6% on FY2016 and a distribution per security
                        Partnerships, and building the quality and strength        of 25.4 cents per security.
                        of our properties in and around key gateway                     I would like to express my thanks on behalf
                        cities globally.                                           of the Board and executive management team,
                                                                                   to all of our customers, investment partners and
                                                                                   Securityholders for your ongoing support of our
                                                                                   business. I also acknowledge the enormous
                                                                                   commitment and effort by our team of people
                                                                                   during the year in delivering this exceptional
                                                                                   performance in FY2016 and thank all of you for
                                                                                   your valued contribution. Through your dedication
                                                                                   and hard work, we are able to achieve so much
                                                                                   and build a truly great business for the long term.




                                                                                   GREGORY GOODMAN
                                                                                   GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
 For personal use only
                         GROUP OPERATIONS




BUILDING
 For personal use only




ON QUALITY
          28

          GROUP OPERATIONS




          Goodman Ichikawa, Tokyo, Japan.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                        29

                                                                                       GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                                                                                 412
                        PROPERTY INVESTMENT




For personal use only
                        2016 was a year of growth, as the Group achieved
                        a 13% increase in the value of our assets under
                        management. Two key factors played a role in this
                        increase, being the number of developments we
                        completed, and the sustained strong asset prices.




                                                                                 3.4m sqm
                        This resulted in the positive revaluation of the 412     Properties
                        properties across our 16 country-strong portfolio.

                        What our portfolio looks like
                        The value of our direct investment portfolio has
                        continued to rise and now totals $7.5 billion (up
                        from $6.7 billion at 30 June 2015).
                             At financial year end, our $7.5 billion portfolio
                        was split into two clear segments: $4.9 billion of
                        cornerstone investments in the Group’s managed
                        Partnerships and $2.6 billion in direct property         Space leased
                        investments, spread across 29 properties in
                        Australia, the UK and Europe. A large percentage
                        of these are in Sydney, where they play a key role
                        in Goodman’s urban renewal activities.

                        Satisfying a global customer base
                        Last year, Goodman continued to meet the
                        demands of a global customer base, with our
                        overall property portfolio boasting occupancy
                        of 96%, like-for-like rental growth of 1.9%, and
                        $357 million in property income from 3.4 million
                        sqm of space leased. Throughout the year, our                 However, we also continued to add value
                        proven customer offering, geographically diversified     for our global customers by staying focused on
                        operating platform and extensive infrastructure          the quality of our properties and actively managing
                        all continued to play key roles in our strongly          assets across our portfolio. We undertook upgrades
                        performing portfolio.                                    to existing properties and pursued higher and better
                                                                                 use opportunities to realise greater value for our
                                                                                 assets. We also selectively disposed of properties
                                                                                 where value had been maximised and better value
                        Total assets under                                       was evident elsewhere.
                                                                                      Our urban renewal activities and gateway city
                        management ($b)
                                                                                 strategy are two examples of where our focus on
                        20.0   23.4     26.8         30.3   34.1
                                                                                 investing in quality and location were put into practice.

                                                                                 A stronger position
                                             p .a.                               Maintaining our strategy of focusing on areas
                                       14.3%
                                CA
                                  GR                                             of urban renewal requires active management.
                                                                                 Last year, the total value of the sites we sold and
                                                                                 conditionally contracted was $1.6 billion. This
                                                                                 activity is now returning capital to Goodman,
                                                                                 strengthening our financial position.
                                                                                      We also took advantage of strong asset
                                                                                 pricing with $2.2 billion of asset sales activity
                                                                                 (excluding urban renewal sites) across the Group
                                                                                 and our various Partnerships. This is consistent
                                                                                 with our ongoing focus of improving the quality of
                                                                                 our property portfolio and its income stream and
                                                                                 providing capital to help develop our own new,
                        FY12   FY13     FY14         FY15   FY16                 higher quality properties.
          30

          GROUP OPERATIONS




          PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT




For personal use only
          Goodman’s development business performed
          strongly over the last year, benefitting from the
          demand for prime logistics space around the
          world. With development commencements
          of $3.3 billion spread across 92 projects in 16
          countries (67% with customer pre-commitments,
          and 72% pre-sold to Goodman’s Partnerships or
          third parties), and development work in progress
          of $3.4 billion, Goodman has one of the largest
          and most geographically diversified development
          businesses globally.
               Looking at the global picture, the demand for
          prime logistics space reflects the robust domestic      Developments in progress
          consumption seen in major gateway cities, which is      With 81 projects in 14 countries, equating to
          being facilitated by the rapid growth in e-commerce.    2.5 million sqm of new logistics space, we saw
          This is leading our customers’ increased demand         active developments underway in all of Goodman’s
          for space which is closer to the end-consumer           operating regions.
          to reduce their costs and improve delivery times.            Some of the projects that make up our $3.4 billion
          By focusing on developing in and around gateway         of development work in progress include:
          cities, Goodman is helping our customers realise
                                                                  ++ in Sydney, a 36,870 sqm distribution centre
          greater operating efficiencies and returns from their
                                                                     for multinational consumer goods company,
          property solutions.
                                                                     Reckitt Benckiser;
               Keeping a firm eye on the future, we continued
          to maintain our $10 billion development pipeline,       ++ a 30,670 sqm warehouse and office facility in
          replenishing our land bank in key locations. This is       Melbourne for distributor of household brands,
          capable of delivering a forecast gross lettable area       Spectrum Brands;
          of 7 million sqm.
                                                                  ++ in Auckland, New Zealand, a 5,160 sqm
                                                                     warehouse expansion for food products
                                                                     supplier, Scalzo;
                                                                  ++ a 106,900 sqm built-to-suit fulfilment centre,
                                                                     comprising two facilities, in Huiyang, Southern
                                                                     China for leading Chinese e-commerce
                                                                     company, JD.com;
                                                                  ++ at Akamatsudai, Japan, a 50,865 sqm facility
                                                                     for Japanese third party logistics provider,
          Development work in progress                               Marubeni Logistics Corporation;
          as at 30 June 2016                                      ++ a 130,435 sqm fulfilment centre at Lahr,
                                                                     Germany for leading European online fashion
                                                                     retail platform, Zalando;
                                                                  ++ in Brie, France, a 21,685 sqm warehouse for
                                                                     multinational retailer, Carrefour;
                                                                  ++ a 24,000 sqm facility at Burton-on-Trent,
                                                                     United Kingdom for palletised freight distribution
                                                                     service provider, Palletforce;
                                                                  ++ at Eastvale in Southern California, United States,
                                                                     a mixed-use business park, with phase 1
                                                                     comprising two 93,000 sqm logistics facilities
               Australia 22%            North America 12%            subsequently pre-leased to Amazon; and
               Continental Europe 22%   New Zealand 7%            ++ a 62,600 sqm cross-dock and sort facility
               Greater China 19%        United Kingdom 3%            at Minas Gerais, Brazil for multinational US
               Japan 13%                Brazil 2%                    retailer, Walmart.
                                                                                                                       31

                                                            GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                        $3.4bn $10bn



For personal use only
                        Development work in progress                         Development pipeline




                                     Artist’s impression, Reckitt Benckiser, Oakdale Industrial Estate, Sydney, Australia.
          32

          GROUP OPERATIONS




          A strategic approach
          Goodman continues to focus on development at
          this point in the property cycle, as it provides us
          with the best risk-adjusted returns. We are also




For personal use only
          capitalising on the Group’s development capability
          and expertise, both of which enable us to develop
          our own brand new, high quality product at a yield
          on cost of 7.8%. This strategy provides us with a
          strong competitive advantage compared to having
          to buy similar assets in the market.
               This ability to reinvest significant capital into
          Goodman’s development business is a point of
          differentiation, with the Group increasingly able
          to self-fund its development activities.
               While our strategy is important to growing
          future earnings, the big picture is also prudent.
          Risk has been mitigated via more development
          being undertaken in Goodman’s managed
          Partnerships, reducing the Group’s direct capital
          commitments. We’ve also limited speculative
          development to supply constrained markets,
          such as the US, Japan and China.




        81Developments underway globally
                                                                   Bungarribee Industrial Estate, Sydney, Australia.
                                                                               33

                              GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                        $3.2bn

For personal use only
                        Completed developments




                        Developments delivered
                        Over the last year, Goodman delivered $3.2 billion
                        of new space, totalling 2.4 million sqm across
                        86 projects. Developments delivered during the
                        year include:
                        ++ in Sydney, two facilities for a combined
                           58,185 sqm for global logistics services provider,
                           DHL Supply Chain;
                        ++ an 11,445 sqm warehouse and office
                           development in Melbourne for leading producer
                           of herbs and spices, McCormick Foods;
                        ++ in Auckland, New Zealand, a 16,000 sqm head
                           office building for dairy company, Fonterra;
                        ++ an 85,635 sqm distribution centre, comprising
                           two facilities for global sport apparel and
                           equipment retailer, Decathlon, in Wuhan, China;
                        ++ in Tokyo, Japan, Stage 1 of Goodman Business
                           Park, comprising a 116,525 sqm ramp-up,
                           multi-customer logistics facility;
                        ++ a 69,130 sqm distribution centre near Augsburg,
                           Germany for automobile manufacturer,
                           BMW Group;
                        ++ a 39,625 sqm fulfilment centre at St Mard,
                           France for Cdiscount, France’s leading
                           e-commerce company;
                        ++ at Fontana in Southern California, United States,
                           a 59,430 sqm logistics centre, subsequently
                           leased to Walmart; and
                        ++ in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, a 145,390 sqm built-to-
                           suit facility for Brazilian retail group, Via Varejo.
          34

          GROUP OPERATIONS




                                                                    96%
          PROPERTY SERVICES




For personal use only
          Meeting the needs of 1,750 customers across the
          globe is no small task, yet Goodman’s Property
          Services teams manage to not only achieve this,
          but also deliver exceptional customer service.
               These teams are at the frontline of our
          operating platform, helping us achieve this year’s
          96% overall occupancy across the 17.6 million
          sqm of logistics and business space under
          our management.                                           Occupancy
               Our Property Services teams attend to the
          day-to-day property needs of customers, working
          proactively and consistently to ensure properties
          are well maintained and operate efficiently, but that’s
          just the baseline. Our people are constantly looking
          for opportunities that add value for our customers,
          helping them meet their own changing business
          and operational needs.
               In this respect, both the size and scale of
          our portfolio and our active asset management
          approach help us go well beyond what’s expected.
          Throughout the last year, we assisted customers
          who were upgrading or expanding existing
          space, through refurbishment, new development             Top 20 global customers
          or relocation within the portfolio, while helping         (by net income1)
          others consolidate their space to achieve
          greater efficiencies.
                                                                    Customer 					                                                                                  %
               If we look purely at the numbers, it was also
          a busy year. We now manage 412 industrial and             Japan Post (Toll Group)                                                                         3.3

          business space properties, and of the 3.4 million         Deutsche Post (DHL)                                                                             2.5
          sqm of space we leased last year, 287 new leases
                                                                    Zalando                                                                                         2.2
          were signed, and 335 leases were renewed.
               But while the numbers count, customer                Amazon                                                                                          2.1

          relationships are key to maintaining them. Over           Decathlon                                                                                       1.8
          the last year, we were proud to have increased our
                                                                    Schenker                                                                                        1.8
          customer retention rate to 79%, up from 74% at
          30 June 2015.                                             BMW Group                                                                                       1.3

               Customers that were either welcomed during           Wesfarmers                                                                                      1.3
          the year, or with whom we built on our existing
                                                                    Recall                                                                                          1.2
          relationships include: DB Schenker, Deutsche Post
          (DHL), TNT, Walmart, Amazon, Decathlon, GAP,              Linfox                                                                                          1.2

          Nestlé, Hyundai and Airbus.                               Metcash                                                                                         1.1

                                                                    Kuehne + Nagel                                                                                  1.1

                                                                    Woolworths                                                                                      1.1

                                                                    Fuji Xerox                                                                                      1.0

                                                                    Best Logistics                                                                                  1.0

                                                                    Georgia-Pacific                                                                                 0.8

                                                                    Nabuurs                                                                                         0.8

                                                                    CEVA Logistics                                                                                  0.7

                                                                    Equinix                                                                                         0.7

                                                                    Coca-Cola Amatil                                                                                0.6

                                                                    1. Includes the Group’s share of net property income from its cornerstone investments across
                                                                        its managed Partnership platform.
                                                              35

                        GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




For personal use only
          36

          GROUP OPERATIONS




          INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT




For personal use only
          At Goodman, we’ve long known our investment
          partners are particularly attracted to three things
          about us: our specialist industrial offering, our ability
          to create long-term value, and focus on delivering
          strong ongoing total returns.
               During the year, we worked hard on all three,
          and our average total return was more than 20%
          across a managed Partnership platform that has
          $29.3 billion of assets under management (up 16%
          on 30 June 2015). This figure was achieved thanks
          to significant development completions, as well as
          continued market strength in asset pricing, which
          has also led to our Partnership properties achieving
          higher market valuations.
               We remained strategic in our approach to the
          sale of assets. Selective sales of $1.9 billion worth of
          properties improved our overall portfolio quality and
          safeguarded our income stream. At the same time,
          we were able to continue offering our investment
          partners access to growth opportunities in prime
          locations that the open market can’t readily access.

          New capital raised
          Our investment partners showed their confidence
          in our business, with $2.3 billion of new equity
          raised for the UK, China and Japan. $2.4 billion
          of debt was raised and refinanced over the last
          year, lengthening our debt maturity profile, with
          an average debt expiry of 4.5 years.
               The total investment capacity across our
          Partnerships at 30 June 2016 was $10.3 billion in
          cash and undrawn debt and equity. This is a strong
          figure and ensures our investment partners can
          participate in the range of growth opportunities
          offered by both the Group and wider market.




         >              20%
          Average total managed Partnership returns
                                                                            37

                             GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




For personal use only
                        A year of major initiatives
                        There were numerous major initiatives completed
                        over the last year. E-commerce and domestic
                        consumption in China meant continued demand
                        for quality logistics space, particularly in our
                        gateway cities of Greater Shanghai and the
                        Beijing region. As a result, Canada Pension Plan
                        Investment Board (CPPIB) built on its existing
                        relationship with Goodman by committing a further
                        US$1 billion of equity to Goodman China Logistics
                        Partnership (GCLP). This was done in line with the
                        Partnership’s equity structure on an 80/20 basis,
                        with US$250 million coming from Goodman, for
                        a total commitment of US$1.25 billion.
                              Additionally, GCLP acquired a portfolio of
                        logistics estates from Goodman Group, with an end
                        build-out value in excess of US$570 million. For
                        2017, GCLP will continue its focus on key locations,
                        where land constraints and demand are strongest.
                              In 2016, we also launched the £1 billion
                        Goodman UK Logistics Partnership between
                        Goodman, CPPIB and APG Asset Management.
                        Each partner committed £200 million for a one
                        third interest respectively. The resulting combined
                        initial equity commitment of £600 million provides
                        investment capacity in excess of £1 billion. This
                        will be used to secure high quality UK logistics
                        and industrial development opportunities. The
                        Partnership’s initial portfolio comprises two
                        developments in proven logistics locations close
                        to London and Birmingham, totalling 55,000 sqm
                        of new space.
                              There were numerous other success stories
                        across our Partnerships. Goodman Japan Core
                        Partnership finalised new equity commitments for
                        US$200 million, while the terms of the Goodman
                        Australia Development Partnership and Goodman
                        European Partnership (GEP) were extended by five
                        and ten years respectively.
                              In Europe, GEP successfully priced an inaugural
                        €500 million Eurobond issue on a five year term,
                        with proceeds used to repay existing debt facilities.
                        Separately, in New Zealand, Goodman Property
                        Trust (GMT) successfully completed a US Private
                        Placement debt issue, securing US$120 million of
                        long-term funding with a weighted average term of
                        12.3 years, to increase the diversity and tenor of
                        its debt facilities. GMT also extended its retail bond
                        programme, issuing a new NZ$100 million senior,
                        secured seven year bond.
 For personal use only
INDUSTRIAL
For personal use only
                                                                              EVOLUTION
                        O U R G AT E WAY C I T Y S T R AT E G Y
                        At Goodman, our determination to be the best
                        at what we do has always been defined by the
                        quality and location of our properties. We focus on
                        investing in and developing high quality industrial
                        properties in strategic locations, in and around
                        major gateway cities globally, where demand is
                        strong and transformational changes are driving
                        significant opportunities for our business.
1

INDUSTRIAL EVOLUTION




For personal use only
For personal use only
For personal use only
          Goodman Business Park, Tokyo, Japan.




         T O K
                                                                                                                                      41

                                                                                       GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                                                                   T
                        IN ONE OF THE LARGEST                                    okyo remains the logistics hub for Japan, but
                        CITIES ON EARTH, GROWTH                                  structural changes across the industry have played
                        IN AND AROUND GREATER                                    a key role in changing the sector.
                        TOKYO IS A GIVEN. BUT                                          Occupiers are moving from old, obsolete logistics




For personal use only
                        I N T H I S G L O B A L C I T Y,                         centres and consolidating into modernised efficient
                        IT’S NOT JUST THE NET                                    facilities needed by Japan’s leading retailers, who are
                        POPULATION INFLOW THAT                                   operating in an increasingly competitive environment.
                        IS DRIVING HEIGHTENED                                          In part, this is because the strong growth
                        DEMAND FROM WITHIN                                       in e-commerce has also increased customer
                        T H E L O G I S T I C S I N D U S T R Y.   expectations. To keep up, many companies now provide
                                                                   same day delivery, an offering that requires increased labour
                                                                   and well-located facilities to meet this promise to the end user.
                                                                         So how is Goodman helping? We know our customers
                                                                   need large, modern, efficiently designed and cost-effective
                                                                   fulfilment centres, but they also require sites that are attractive
                                                                   to employees. The country’s shortage of workers means that in
                                                                   Japan, today’s leading employers are not just increasingly shrewd
                                                                   in evaluating locations, specifications and rents, but they place
                                                                   strong emphasis on factors that impact their ability to attract and
                                                                   retain workers. The result? Leading companies here not only
                                                                   require locations which are attractive and convenient for existing
                                                                   worker populations, but they also want superb amenities
                                                                   and compelling design onsite to help retain them.
                                                                         All of these were important considerations for Skechers,
                                                                   which is directly leasing 30,000 sqm in Stage 1 of the multistage
                                                                   Goodman Business Park at Chiba Newtown. Stage 1 is a 117,000
                                                                   sqm multi-customer development completed in March 2016.
                                                                         The facility is now the primary Japanese logistics centre for
                                                                   this $3 billion leader in performance and lifestyle footwear. Goodman
                                                                   Business Park provides the connectivity, amenities and premium
                                                                   facilities, with expansion potential that companies like Skechers,
                                                                   which operates in more than 160 countries, gravitate towards.
                                                                         The site is located in an inland, high-population growth
                                                                   corridor (serviced by multiple toll-free highways, bus routes
                                                                   and close to planned Expressway expansions). Onsite, sleek
                                                                   building and design, highly useable space, and planned amenities
                                                                   including retail, restaurants, open spaces and community facilities
                                                                   are attractive to companies wanting to be employers of choice.
          42

          INDUSTRIAL EVOLUTION




For personal use only
          Goodman Business Park, Tokyo, Japan.
                                                                                             43

                                                       GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




For personal use only
                        Onsite, sleek building and
                        design, highly useable
                        space, and planned
                        amenities including
                        retail, restaurants, open
                        spaces and community
                        facilities are attractive to
                        companies wanting to be
                        employers of choice.
For personal use only
For personal use only
          46

          INDUSTRIAL EVOLUTION




          When Woolworths decided




For personal use only
          to open its first dedicated
          online grocery store, it
          worked with Goodman
          to find a suitable space
          from which to run it.




                Woolworths, Airgate Business Park, Sydney, Australia.
                                                                                                                                                         47

                                                                                                          GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




              SYDNEY
For personal use only
                SYDNEY MAY BE ONE
                OF THE WORLD’S GREAT
                CITIES, BUT FOR GOODMAN,
                IT’S ALSO JUST ONE OF
                THE CITIES WE CALL HOME.




               S
                             ydney was the first market we invested in, via a         retail. So when Woolworths decided to open its first dedicated
                             purchase in South Sydney over 20 years ago. Today,       online grocery store, it worked with Goodman to find a suitable
                             we own 46 properties in the city’s prime industrial      space from which to run it.
                             precinct, an area which extends from the airport at           Today, at Goodman’s Airgate Business Park in Mascot,
                             Mascot to the fringe of the CBD.                         Woolworths lease 9,750 sqm of combined warehouse and office
                                 Between our industrial estates, warehouses and       space, of which 7,000 sqm is dedicated to the Woolworths online
                             business parks, our South Sydney property portfolio      store – a conventional supermarket that is dedicated to servicing
                             provides more than 1.4 million sqm of space for around   the online shopper.
                             330 customers, 65% of whom are in the transport,              While the store has been modelled on the traditional
                logistics and consumer sectors.                                       supermarket, there are key differences. In the online store, trolleys
                     South Sydney has always been a prized industrial precinct,       have been designed for easy picking of customer orders, and the
                thanks to its easy access to Kingsford Smith Airport and Sydney’s     shelves are stocked with a product range that is tailored to meet
                expanding port, and a large population base. Today, it’s more         the shopping needs of the online customer – mostly, busy families
                valuable than ever.                                                   with small children.
                     Infrastructure and transport upgrades like the WestConnex             There’s a bakery and deli service offering (the store bakes
                passenger and freight infrastructure project are linking the area     and slices to order), and the store includes a full range of fresh
                to Western Sydney. And as urban renewal leads a shift from            food lines as well as the usual mix of ambient, chilled and frozen
                industrial to residential development, some traditional occupiers     foods and household products, with a layout that supports the
                are moving to areas like Western Sydney, where land is available      servicing of its online customers.
                and Goodman also has a large industrial property portfolio.                With the growing demand for online groceries, the online
                     The trend is creating space in our South Sydney portfolio        store provides Woolworths with the flexibility to pick customer
                for new types of customers, who covet this area’s central location    orders throughout the day in a dedicated space without causing
                and proximity to a large swathe of Sydney’s population. It’s also     disruption to its traditional instore shopping experience. The
                an in demand location for third party logistics operators and         new store has provided Woolworths with the ability to service
                retailers who are thriving from the boom in e-commerce.               and reach many thousands of customers living in the store’s
                     One such customer is Woolworths. Online food and liquor          catchment area across inner Sydney.
                retailing is one of the fastest growing categories within online
For personal use only
For personal use only
          50




                                                                                         SHA
          INDUSTRIAL EVOLUTION




          GOING BACK A FEW DECADES,
          CHINA WAS BEST KNOWN FOR
          I T S M A N U F A C T U R I N G . B U T T O D A Y,
          CHINA HAS THE BIGGEST ONLINE




For personal use only
          SALES MARKET IN THE WORLD,
          AND IN CHINA’S GATEWAY CITY
          OF SHANGHAI, E-COMMERCE
          IS BIG BUSINESS.




        H
                     ere, the global trend for traditional offline retailers to use
                     online platforms is even more prevalent than other parts
                     of the world.
                          It’s just one reason Shanghai is an ideal gateway for
                     Goodman’s Chinese developments. As mainland China’s
                     financial hub, Shanghai has a growing population that
                     now exceeds 24 million. But the city isn’t economically
                     important due solely to population. In a country where
          rising incomes are pushing consumption levels ever higher,
          residents of Shanghai have a disposable income per capita
          that is 118.4% higher than the national average.
               This combination of factors makes Shanghai increasingly
          attractive for Goodman. Here, location is becoming vital for
          last mile delivery, and infill locations mean modern and multi-
          storey warehousing are important offerings. In Shanghai, our
          customers are looking for space efficiencies, secure facilities and
          improved construction quality, as well as the capacity to install
          the automation needed to service expanding demand.
               Goodman’s Qingpu Centre development takes advantage of all
          of these factors. As our first three-storey distribution facility and first
          green industrial development in China, the Centre is already setting
          the new standard for quality of industrial parks across the country.
               The development, which has a completion value of
          US$112.6 million (A$149.0 million), provides more than 110,000
          square metres of prime, modern industrial and business space
          in Western Shanghai, with convenient access to downtown,
          Hongqiao Airport and Shanghai’s transport interchange.
               This premium, strategically located facility achieved 97%
          occupancy by completion and has attracted companies like
          JD.com, China’s leading e-commerce company, as customers.
               The e-commerce giant, which has a market capitalisation
          of US$44.2 billion as at 31 December 2015, leased 63,130 sqm
          at Goodman Qingpu Centre. Halfway through the year, JD.com
          was Goodman China’s seventh largest customer. Today, it’s our
          largest, occupying almost 295,000 sqm of warehouse space in
          six key Chinese cities.
               The company was attracted to the strategic location of the               In Shanghai, our
          Qingpu Centre facility, which allows easy distribution not only
          to Shanghai, but Suzhou and other key cities in Jiangsu and
                                                                                        customers are
          Zhejiang provinces, and the capacity to continue developing its               looking for space
          logistics infrastructure by accessing our network of warehouses
          in key cities.
                                                                                        efficiencies,
               In addition to Goodman Qingpu Centre, we have seven other                secure facilities
          industrial properties in Shanghai. These include Goodman Pudong
          Airport Logistics Park, an award-winning 200,000 sqm development,
                                                                                        and improved
          comprising three phases of two storey ramp-up warehouse facilities.           construction quality.
                                                                         51




         NGHAI
                        GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




For personal use only


                             JD.com, Goodman Qingpu Centre, Shanghai, China.
For personal use only
For personal use only
          54

          INDUSTRIAL EVOLUTION




          Goodman Logistics Center Fontana, Southern California, US.




For personal use only



        LOS ANG
                                                                                                                                  55

                                                                                  GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                                                             G
                        LOS ANGELES MAY BE                             reater Los Angeles is where the Port of Los Angeles / Long
                        BEST KNOWN AS HOME                             Beach is located. “America’s Port”, as it’s affectionately
                        T O H O L LY W O O D S TA R S                  known, has long been a hub of trading activity between
                        AND DISNEY CHARACTERS,                         the US and Asia, but today, about 50 per cent of all




For personal use only
                        BUT TO THOSE IN THE                            goods arriving at this local port stay within the region.
                        L O G I S T I C S I N D U S T R Y,                  All this activity translates to a high demand for
                        THE SECOND LARGEST                             industrial properties. Southern California’s 178 million sqm
                        URBAN CENTRE IN THE US               of industrial space is now the largest of its kind in the US, a fact
                        IS BETTER KNOWN AS ONE               that is even more compelling when coupled with the Greater Los
                        OF THE LARGEST GATEWAY               Angeles industrial market vacancy rate of just 5.5%, the lowest in
                        CITIES IN THE WORLD.                 the country. Combine this with the high TEU volumes at the Port of
                                                             Los Angeles / Long Beach (more than 15 million per annum), and a
                                                             growing population of 18 million people, it’s no wonder this is a city
                                                             offering ample opportunities for Goodman.
                                                                   This is also a region our customers are drawn to. In 2016,
                                                             we welcomed Amazon, the eighth-largest retailer in the world,
                                                             to the first of two of Goodman’s one million square feet logistics
                                                             centres in Southern California’s Eastvale.
                                                                   The new facility Amazon has moved into incorporates the
                                                             latest in automation technologies. Furthermore, in this state-of-
                                                             the-art, LEED-certified facility, they are able to capitalise on one of
                                                             the best locations for logistics in the Greater Los Angeles region.
                                                                   Amazon isn’t the only Goodman customer focusing on
                                                             last mile delivery. As online purchasing volumes skyrocket, our
                                                             customers want, and need, to be closer to their consumers.
                                                             By continuing to develop momentum in the US market, we’re
                                                             helping them achieve that. We have completed and stabilised
                                                             over 300,000 sqm of new space, and we currently have a further
                                                             240,000 sqm under construction.
                                                                   Amazon is just one big customer name to be drawn to the
                                                             popularity of the Inland Empire market. Goodman has welcomed
                                                             customers including Walmart, Georgia-Pacific and Volkswagen
                                                             to its portfolio across the region.
                                                                   Capitalising on this type of growth market is not always
                                                             straightforward. A lack of available land for new development
                                                             in the region requires an increasingly creative approach from
                        As online purchasing                 Goodman. An example of how we’re doing this is our aquisition
                        volumes skyrocket,                   of a 55 acre former oil-refining site in Santa Fe Springs, California,
                                                             a highly strategic location for our customers, due to its close
                        our customers want,                  proximity to consumers and the Ports. The site required extensive
                        and need, to be closer               remediation, however the final product will deliver Class A
                                                             distribution buildings ranging from approximately 28,000 sqm
                        to their consumers.                  to 47,000 sqm.




    ELES
For personal use only
For personal use only
          58

          INDUSTRIAL EVOLUTION




PARIS
                                 MENTION THE WORD PARIS TO ALMOST
                                 ANYONE AND NUMEROUS IMAGES COME
                                 TO MIND. WE VISUALISE THE EIFFEL
                                 TOWER, ROMANTICISE ITS LATIN




For personal use only
                                 QUARTER, AND ADMIRE ITS STATUS
                                 A S A G L O B A L C U LT U R A L C E N T R E . W H AT
                                 MOST DON’T REALISE IS THAT PARIS
                                 IS ALSO A MAJOR LOGISTICS HUB.




                                 N
                                            early 60% of the labour force in Paris is employed
                                            in the commerce, transport and services sector.
                                            Then there’s the land itself. Paris’s central role
                                            in a key French corridor linking Lille to Lyon and
                                            Marseille makes it a valuable location for industrial
                                            and logistics real estate.
                                       In Paris, money comes in to play in more than land
                                 values. The city’s 12 million residents have an estimated
                                 GDP per capita of $70,760, and in 2014 Paris was ranked
                                 in the world’s ten richest cities.
                                       Through utilising our gateway strategy of buying high
                                 quality logistics space in key urban areas, Goodman’s
                                 Parisian properties have proven highly attractive to
                                 our customers.
                                       At Charles de Gaulle airport, DHL Global Forwarding
                                 is capitalising on our 16,440 sqm development in Roissy
                                 for its air cargo services. Just 20 km from Paris and 1km
                                 away from a critical north-south truck route on the A1
                                 highway, the Goodman facility allows DHL high utility
                                 space in Europe’s second largest cargo airport.
                                       While the location is superb, we’ve ensured the
                                 facilities are too. Doubling the number of dock doors
                                 compared to market average helps DHL increase the
                                 amount of cargo it can process. We’ve also provided a
                                 standalone office block for administration, so the company
                                 can keep its warehouse dedicated purely to logistics.
                                       While our airport-based facilities near Roissy have
                                 Greater Paris and beyond covered, we’ve not forgotten the
                                 city’s centre. At the Port of Gennevilliers we’ve invested in
                                 a prime urban location, just 10 km from the centre of Paris.
                                       The Port of Gennevilliers is France’s largest river port.
                                 Here, in a city where proximity makes a tangible difference
                                 to last-mile delivery times, Goodman holds a prime 20,465
                                 sqm logistics property.
                                       It’s an attractive proposition for Goodman’s global
                                 customer DB Schenker. The logistics specialist uses
                                 Goodman’s Port of Gennevilliers property as a key
                                 regional hub, with its strategic location and cross-
                                 docking features making it efficient for receiving and
                                 delivering goods by road, rail and water. The facility is so
                                 central that consumers can even come to collect items
                                 themselves. It’s just 1km from the Paris metro station of
                                 Asnières-Gennevilliers-Les Courtilles, meaning customers
                                 can make the trip from Gare Saint Lazare train station
                                 in only fifteen minutes.
                                                                                                                       59

                                                                                 GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                                                                       Through utilising our gateway city
                                                                       strategy of buying high quality logistics




For personal use only
                                                                       space in key urban areas, Goodman’s
                                                                       Parisian properties have proven
                                                                       highly attractive to our customers.




                DHL, Roissy Airport Logistics Centre, Paris, France.
 For personal use only
SUSTAINING
 For personal use only




OUR FUTURE
          62

          CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY




          SUSTAINABILITY




For personal use only
          It’s been a strong year for Goodman, with our
          commitment to Corporate Responsibility and
          Sustainability (CR&S) playing a positive role in
          this success.
                Throughout the year, we’ve worked hard to
          achieve consistency across the business to deliver
          our sustainability initiatives. To get there, we’ve built
          our internal knowledge and capacity, an investment
          which is enabling our teams to collaborate and
          respond to global trends such as the growth in
          consumerism, urbanisation and e-commerce.
                Sustainability is partly about embracing
          innovation. The concept fits well with Goodman’s
          drive to improve the quality of our properties, and
          represents just one way we are capitalising on the
          shifting dynamics across the logistics sector.
                Our focus on sustainability also ensures we
          continue finding efficiencies across the business.
          While this is a natural fit for Goodman, it’s also a key
          driver of our customer-focused business strategy.
                Our sustainability strategy is reviewed
          regularly to ensure it supports, and is aligned with,
          Goodman’s business strategy. Over the last year,
          we further revised our sustainability approach
          to deliver our activities and targets across four
          main areas.
          1. Sustainable development – striving to improve
             the sustainability of our developments, through
             innovation and working with customers to
             evaluate and incorporate design initiatives.
          2. Asset management – managing and investing
             in our assets to improve efficiency, long-term
             competitiveness and resilience.
          3. Corporate performance – measuring our impact,
             improving our overall performance and engaging
             regularly with our key stakeholders.
          4. People and community – inspiring and
             challenging our people, and supporting
             various community based groups through
             the Goodman Foundation.




                                                                      Fonterra Centre, Auckland, New Zealand.
                                                                           63

                             GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                        16 MW

For personal use only
                        Solar capacity across
                        Goodman’s Japanese portfolio




                        FY2016 Highlights:
                        ++ Certified green developments completed
                           in Australia, New Zealand, Japan, China,
                           Continental Europe, the United Kingdom
                           and the United States;
                        ++ Over 16 MW of solar capacity now installed
                           across Goodman’s Japanese portfolio;
                        ++ 5.5 NABERS Energy rating for Goodman’s
                           head office in Sydney;
                        ++ Further transition to LED lighting as our standard
                           warehouse lighting;
                        ++ LEED-certified fitout for Goodman’s Hong Kong
                           office; and
                        ++ Submissions to the Global Real Estate
                           Sustainability Benchmark for seven
                           Goodman Partnerships.
          64

          CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY




                Connect Corporate Centre, Sydney, Australia.




For personal use only
                Oakdale Industrial Estate, Sydney, Australia.
                                                                                                                                         65

                                                                                          GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                        SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT




For personal use only
                        It was a busy year for our development teams, with
                        $3.2 billion of new developments completed across
                        Goodman’s operating regions.
                             Incorporating sustainable design initiatives into
                        our industrial developments remains a challenge,
                        as factors including functionality, location and cost
                        remain primary decision drivers. Our approach is
                        to get the basics right relating to site orientation,
                                                                                     CASE STUDIES
                        natural light, smart lighting, efficient air conditioning,
                                                                                     Connect Corporate Centre, Sydney, Australia
                        rainwater capture and efficient landscaping, and
                        then target local opportunities and priority issues.         Among the developments we completed in
                             As a long-term owner of our properties, we              Australia last year was Connect Corporate Centre,
                        look for feasible design options that provide tangible       a new office development located in the business
                        benefits to our customers, enhance leasing appeal            precinct of Mascot and only a few minutes from
                        and add value to the property.                               Sydney Airport.
                             Last year, developments completed in Australia               This four-storey 5,600 sqm office building
                        and New Zealand represented 26% of all projects              was designed with sustainability in mind, and is
                        completed globally. Typical sustainability features we       located adjacent to the new 5 Star Pullman Hotel,
                        incorporated into our Australian and New Zealand             another Goodman development. Sustainability
                        developments include:                                        features include:
                        ++ Translucent roof sheeting to maximise natural             ++ 4 Star Green Star design certification
                           lighting into the warehouse;                                 and 4.5 star NABERS Energy rating;
                        ++ Fully automated T5 fluorescent or LED lighting;           ++ A large glass façade to maximise natural light
                                                                                        across the office floors;
                        ++ Electrical sub-metering;
                                                                                     ++ Automated efficient lighting with sensor controls;
                        ++ Glare control;
                                                                                     ++ Innovative design providing flexible workspaces;
                        ++ Low VOC materials;
                                                                                     ++ Substantial rainwater harvesting; and
                        ++ Rainwater harvesting;
                                                                                     ++ End-of-trip facilities for cyclists, including bike
                        ++ End-of-trip facilities; and
                                                                                        racks, lockers and showers, and an on-site gym.
                        ++ Drought-tolerant native landscaping.
                                                                                     Oakdale Industrial Estate, Sydney, Australia
                                                                                     At Goodman’s Oakdale Industrial Estate in
                                                                                     Western Sydney, a campus-style feel is attracting
                                                                                     customers like DHL Supply Chain, who now
                                                                                     occupy six separate facilities at the Estate, and
                                                                                     benefit from easy access to the M4 and M7
                                                                                     motorways. The two new developments completed
                                                                                     during the year for DHL Supply Chain have a
                                                                                     combined area of 58,185 sqm and incorporate
                                                                                     a range of sustainability features, including LED
                                                                                     lighting throughout both of the warehouses. Other
                                                                                     sustainability features include:
                                                                                     ++ Over 50,000 L of rainwater harvesting capacity
                                                                                        for irrigation and amenities;
                                                                                     ++ Insulated warehouse walls;
                                                                                     ++ Solar hot water heating;
                                                                                     ++ Light zoning and motion sensors to reduce
                                                                                        energy consumption; and
                                                                                     ++ LED high bay lighting throughout the warehouse.
          66

          CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY




          Goodman Business Park Chiba Newtown,
          Tokyo, Japan
          Sustainable developments aren’t just about how




For personal use only
          buildings function, they must also consider how
          people use them. In Japan, Goodman’s Business
          Park in Chiba Newtown, Tokyo was designed with
          comfort and customer amenity as priorities. Last
          year we completed Stage 1 of this master-planned,
          multi-stage development, where a free share bicycle
          service and a dedicated bus service to the nearest
          train station will form an important part of a dynamic
          mix of amenities, including retail, restaurants, café
          and a child care service.
                The building features high quality internal
          areas to enhance comfort, cutting-edge LED
          lighting throughout the warehouse to reduce power
          consumption and a large 2.7 MW solar PV system
          on the roof to generate green energy. Sustainability
          features include:
          ++ 2.7 MW solar PV roof-top solar system;
          ++ LED lighting throughout warehouse and
             common areas;
          ++ High quality internal spaces and customer
             amenity;
          ++ High level of green and open space; and
          ++ Shared bicycle system for commuting from
             home/train station to the facility.

          Fonterra Centre, Auckland, New Zealand                          Sustainability remained a strong focus in our
                                                                   UK developments last year, with our development
          It was a busy year in New Zealand. A number of
                                                                   team staying committed to achieving a minimum
          new developments were completed, with a highlight
                                                                   BREEAM rating of ‘Very Good’ for each of its
          being a new 16,000 sqm head office for Fonterra in
                                                                   new developments.
          Auckland. Working in collaboration with Fonterra,
                                                                          One project which met this goal in the last twelve
          Goodman delivered a 5 Star, Green Star purpose-
                                                                   months was our 25,000 sqm Angle 265° at Medway
          built office complex that is modern, comfortable,
                                                                   Commercial Park in Kent. This high quality logistics
          innovative and highly sustainable.
                                                                   facility incorporates a carbon neutral cladding
               Sustainability is woven throughout the design.
                                                                   solution and electric car charging points, which
          A large double-glazed atrium fills the building with
                                                                   helped it achieve a BREAAM rating of ‘Very Good’
          natural light, while a variety of workspaces and an
                                                                   and an Energy Performance Certificate ‘A’ rating.
          internal staircase encourage collaboration across
                                                                          Last year, our UK development team also
          the activity-based work environment. Sustainability
                                                                   progressed its first development assessment under
          features include:
                                                                   the “Planet Mark” scheme. This independent third
          ++ 5 Star Green Star Design certification;               party scheme provides an assessment of the
                                                                   carbon footprint for a new development throughout
          ++ Large atrium and skylight contributing to good
                                                                   its life cycle.
             natural light levels;
                                                                          In the United States, over 167,000 sqm of new
          ++ Outdoor air supplied from exposed stainless           developments were completed throughout the year,
             ducts on the north and south external elevations;     while over 200,000 sqm were in progress at 30
                                                                   June 2016. One of these completed developments
          ++ Internal green wall irrigated from harvested
                                                                   is the LEED-certified Goodman Commerce Center
             rainwater; and
                                                                   Eastvale, Southern California, where electric vehicle
          ++ Property Council NZ ‘Excellence’ award in             charge points, drought-tolerant landscaping,
             commercial category and ‘Merit’ in the green          prismatic skylights to maximise natural lighting and
             building category.                                    LED lighting are all featured.
                                                                                                                        67

                                                                        GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                                                                        In Continental Europe, consistency and our
                                                                  commitment to quality were key themes. This
                                                                  continued focus has ensured our development
                                                                  product is highly regarded in the European market,




For personal use only
                                                                  most notably within the e-commerce sector, where
                                                                  Goodman has now delivered in excess of 1.5 million
                                                                  sqm of space.
                                                                        To ensure our properties remain highly
                                                                  competitive, our development teams take a
                                                                  customer-focused approach, collaborating with
                                                                  them to deliver innovative and sustainable property
                                                                  solutions. The recently completed 28,000 sqm
                                                                  logistics property developed for eBay Enterprise at
                                                                  Goodman Halle Logistics Centre in Germany is one
                                                                  such example.
                                                                        The facility achieved a Gold rating under the
                                                                  DGNB rating scheme and incorporates a range of
                                                                  sustainable design features including an innovative
                                                                  timber roof structure, energy efficient fluorescent
                                                                  lighting, efficient internal heating and native plants
                                                                  and landscaping to reduce water consumption.
                                                                        In China’s booming logistics market, Goodman
                                                                  has remained focused on quality and consistency.
                                                                  We’ve incorporated fundamental sustainability
                                                                  initiatives into each of our developments, including
                                                                  the landmark Goodman Qingpu Centre in Shanghai.
                                                                        Completed in December 2015, the Qingpu
                        Fonterra Centre, Auckland, New Zealand.   Centre is Goodman’s first three-storey distribution
                                                                  facility in China. The 110,000 sqm logistics property
                                                                  is currently targeting LEED certification, and
                                                                  incorporates multiple sustainability features, including
                                                                  skylights across approximately 4% of the roof area,
                                                                  providing natural light throughout the warehouse.
                                                                  The skylights are just one way the building is
                                                                  reducing its energy consumption, and will be
                                                                  especially effective when partnered with the energy
                                                                  efficient T5 lighting installed in the warehouse.




                             Goodman Share Cycle at Goodman
                                 Business Park, Tokyo, Japan.
          68

          CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY




          LEADING BY EXAMPLE




For personal use only
          In Hong Kong, our team moved into its new green
          office space, where Goodman’s ‘Space To Work’
          principles were put into practice. The activity-
          based fitout features a variety of work spaces,
          with collaborative sections, private areas, formal
          spaces and relaxed work spaces all designed in
          to the build.
               The result is flexible, but it’s also sustainable.
          The new office has been designed to achieve the
          LEED Gold Standard (Commercial Interiors) and
          incorporates LED lighting with motion sensors,
          drinking water filtration and an air purification
          system. We’ve also used locally sourced and
          sustainable materials internally.
                                                                    Goodman’s new Hong Kong office.




                                                                    Goodman’s new Hong Kong office.
                                                                                                                                 69

                                                                                        GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                        IMPROVING PERFORMANCE                                    RENEWABLE ENERGY IN JAPAN




For personal use only
                        Goodman has always seen the performance,                 The market conditions in Japan support investment
                        presentation and efficiency of our properties as a       in renewable energy on the roof tops of our
                        core priority. Over the last year, we have maintained    buildings. Last year we installed a further 2.7 MW
                        that focus across the globe.                             of solar PV capacity on the roof of the recently
                              In Australia, we’ve seen the results of several    completed Goodman Business Park at Chiba
                        lighting upgrades completed over the past few            Newtown, Tokyo.
                        years, particularly in car park and estate common             This latest installation increases Goodman’s
                        areas. The business case for lighting upgrades           solar PV capacity in Japan to over 16 MW of
                        continued to strengthen, driven by the reduction         renewable energy.
                        in energy costs for our customers, the lower cost
                        of LED technologies, lease renewals and long-term
                        asset valuations.
                              Once again, the Buildings Alive energy             AUSTRALIAN GREENHOUSE
                        monitoring system has produced positive results          GAS EMISSIONS
                        across our Australian office portfolio over the last
                        year. This system tracks live energy consumption         The year saw a decrease in greenhouse gas
                        data across the portfolio and contributed to a           emissions for Goodman’s Australian operations.
                        5% reduction in energy consumption across our            The reduction in emissions to an estimated 39,548
                        office portfolio during the last twelve months.          tC02-e was mainly due to further sub-metering
                              In New Zealand, we transformed Show Place          of customer power consumption, increased
                        Office Park in Christchurch into a highly sustainable    efficiencies across the portfolio, and asset sales
                        and energy efficient office asset. The upgrade           completed during the year
                        aimed to both reduce operational costs and the                 Our calculation includes scope 1 and 2
                        building’s carbon footprint, to create a healthier       emissions generated from Goodman’s Australian
                        environment for staff. It worked. This successfully      property and building management services, as well
                        achieved an approximate 40% reduction in                 as assets owned directly by Goodman and those
                        energy consumption and New Zealand’s first 5             within our Australian managed Partnerships. Where
                        star NABERS Energy whole building rating. Key            sub-metering allows, this does not include the GHG
                        sustainable features include a Variable Refrigerant      emissions of our customers.
                        Flow HVAC system with heat recovery, CO2
                        sensors, LED lighting, daylight harvesting and
                        occupancy sensors.
                              In Asia, our Property Services team in Hong Kong
                        participated in the Power Smart Programme, which
                        aimed to increase awareness and identify improvement
                        opportunities across the Hong Kong portfolio. When
                                                                                 Greenhouse gas
                        we implemented the results, seven Goodman
                                                                                 emissions (tCO2-e)
                        properties recorded energy reductions of 5% or more.
                              The improvements continued on projects outside     46,498 43,843 46,498 41,634   39,548
                        of the scope of the Power Smart Programme. LED
                        lighting upgrades with sensor controls at Goodman’s
                        Tuen Mun Distribution Centre and the Western Plaza
                        were just one example, a move estimated to save
                        approximately HK$750,000 p.a. in energy costs
                        across the two properties.
                              In Continental Europe, we also focused on
                        lighting, by continuing upgrades to LEDs across our
                        portfolio. Several upgrade projects were completed
                        during the year, and once fully completed, our
                        European portfolio will consist of approximately
                        1 million sqm of space equipped with LED lighting.
                              Shorter term, these upgrades will reduce our
                        customers’ energy consumption and associated
                        energy costs, while long term they will increase
                        leasing competitiveness and property values.             2012    2013   2014   2015    2016
          70

          CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY




          THE GOODMAN FOUNDATION




For personal use only
          The Goodman Foundation has continued to grow
          over the last year, delivering significant strategic
          projects to support disadvantaged groups and
          vulnerable communities in the locations where we
          operate. The Goodman Foundation is represented
          across Australia, New Zealand, Greater China,
          the United Kingdom, France, Belgium, Germany,
          Poland, Japan and the United States.
               Many of our community partners not only
          benefit from receiving Foundation cash grants,
          but also through fundraising and volunteer support
          from Goodman staff. During 2016, the Goodman
          Foundation supported over 70 charity partners
          within five distinct pillars of contribution:
          ++ Cash grants: Which are provided on a project-
             by-project basis to ensure tangible outcomes
             that will deliver a meaningful impact within the
             community. We work closely with our charitable
             partners to identify, scope and deliver capital
                                                                   ++ good+heart: Which is a staff engagement
             projects that will build the capacity of the
                                                                      programme where the Goodman team are
             organisation or enhance the lives of people
                                                                      provided with the opportunity to volunteer with
             less privileged around the world;
                                                                      a partnered charity or undertake other activity
          ++ In-kind contributions: Include the provision of          to support the fundraising efforts of a community
             skilled expertise, office fitouts and the provision      partner. Over the 2016 year, more than 50
             of short-term and long-term warehouse and                good+heart opportunities were taken up by
             office facilities for our charitable partners;           close to half of the Goodman Group team
                                                                      around the world. The Goodman Foundation
                                                                      provides support to participants of good+heart
                                                                      by funding the activity costs, making a cash
                                                                      donation to the cause and providing participants
                                                                      with time off work, in addition to sourcing and
                                                                      organising opportunities for their participation
                                                                      throughout the year;
                                                                   ++ good+deeds: Is our workplace giving
                                                                      programme. The Goodman Foundation will
                                                                      match dollar for dollar the payroll donations
                                                                      made by team members to charities they have
                                                                      nominated. In addition, special purpose
                                                                      good+deeds fundraising is undertaken to
                                                                      support communities in times of crisis such
                                                                      as the devastation caused by natural disasters.




                        70
                                                                      In 2016, good+deeds fundraising supported
                                                                      the refugee crisis impacting Syria and the
                                                                      communities in Fiji following the destruction




          >
                                                                      caused by Cyclone Winston; and
                                                                   ++ Employee fundraising: Is undertaken by the
                                                                      Goodman team for particular causes they feel
                                                                      passionate about, supporting the efforts of the
                                                                      Goodman Foundation and participating in other
                                                                      worthwhile opportunities to make a difference
                                                                      in a meaningful way. Fundraising activities during
                                                                      the year ranged from ‘Fruity Fridays’ to the
          Charity partners supported                                  Goodman ‘Bake Off’.
                                                                    71

                        GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                                                SOS Children's Villages




For personal use only
          72

          CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY




For personal use only
          Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Cornwall, visiting
          OzHarvest headquarters at Alexandria Industrial Estate.




          OZHARVEST:
                                                                                                         Her Royal Highness chose to visit
                                                                                                    OzHarvest to see their innovative work in food
                                                                                                    rescue and food security, having saved more
                                                                                                    than 14 million kilograms of food from ending




          A ROYAL VISIT
                                                                                                    up in landfill and delivering more than 50 million
                                                                                                    meals to people in need across Australia.
                                                                                                         During the visit, The Duchess met with young
                                                                                                    students from troubled backgrounds, who are
                                                                                                    changing their lives through OzHarvest’s Nourish
                                                                                                    programme. Her Royal Highness also thanked
                                                                                                    the more than 100 OzHarvest supporters who
                                             The Goodman Foundation was proud to see one of         were present at the distinguished occasion,
          CASE STUDY                         our founding charitable partners OzHarvest, receive
                                             a royal visit by Her Royal Highness The Duchess of
                                                                                                    for their passion, dedication and commitment
                                                                                                    to improving the environment and helping those
                                             Cornwall in November 2015.                             less fortunate in the community.
                                                  The Duchess arrived at the purpose-built               “We are honoured that The Duchess could
                                             Goodman warehouse in Alexandria, South Sydney          experience and witness first-hand how we
                                             and was greeted by a contingent from Goodman           ‘Nourish Our Country’ through our food rescue,
                                             and OzHarvest, along with many OzHarvest               education and engagement programmes.
                                             volunteers dressed in their distinct bright yellow.    To take the time on her trip to visit our fantastic
                                                  During the visit, The Duchess, along with Mrs     warehouse HQ, provided with love by Goodman
                                             Kerryn Baird, wife of NSW Premier The Hon Mike         in Alexandria, and to learn more about what
                                             Baird, was shown the unique Goodman space.             OzHarvest does, what we have achieved to
                                             This was designed and funded by the Goodman            date, and to share it with the world will make
                                             Foundation in 2014, where OzHarvest’s purpose          an enormous difference to our organisation and
                                             to ‘Nourish Our Country’ comes to life through their   to the people who we touch every single day
                                             food rescue, nutrition education and community         through the act of generosity.”, Ronni Kahn,
                                             engagement programmes.                                 CEO and Founder, OzHarvest, said.
                                                                                                                                  73

                                                                                  GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                                                                             CEREBRAL PALSY
                                                                             ALLIANCE: STEPTEMBER




For personal use only
                                                                             CASE STUDY
                                                                             The Goodman Foundation is the exclusive global
                                                                             partner in 2016 for Cerebral Palsy Alliance’s
                                                                             major fundraising initiative, Steptember. The new
                                                                             partnership builds on our ongoing global support of
                                                                             the Steptember event since 2014 and we’re proudly
                                                                             promoting this through our ‘Count Us In’ campaign.
                                                                             This is an inclusive and engaging campaign created
                                                                             to encourage our staff and business partners, such
                                                                             as customers, agents and suppliers, to make a
                                                                             meaningful difference and positively impact the
                                                                             lives of people with cerebral palsy and their families.
                                                                                  Steptember is an online health and wellness
                                                                             campaign where teams of four attempt to walk
                        Amy Hogan, Researcher for the Cerebral Palsy         10,000 steps each day throughout September.
                        Society of NZ, and Mary, launching Steptember        The initiative will engage around 90,000 participants
                        with Goodman's New Zealand team.                     across the world and has raised over $9.3 million
                                                                             in Australia and close to $12 million globally since
                                                                             it was launched in 2010. Fundraising targets for
                                                                             2016 have been set at A$5 million and Goodman
                                                                             has mobilised more than half of its global workforce
                                                                             and influenced many of our associated business
                                                                             partners to join us in the pursuit of this leading
                                                                             health and wellness charity event.
                                                                                  In addition, the Goodman Foundation provided
                                                 Over the years, Goodman     funding to Cerebral Palsy Alliance in 2016 to
                                                                             renovate their Ryde facility including the installation
                                                 has been instrumental       of a gymnasium to support the health and well-
                                                 in helping us raise vital   being services offered to their clients.
                                                                                  Rob White, CEO, Cerebral Palsy Alliance
                                                 funds to support our        said, “I would like to personally recognise and
                                                                             thank Goodman for their long standing support
                                                 mission to build better     and contribution to Cerebral Palsy Alliance and
                                                 futures for individuals     Steptember. Our partnership with Goodman
                                                                             began some 13 years ago, and I am delighted
                                                 living with disability.     that Goodman has extended their support this
                                                                             year as exclusive global partner for Steptember
                                                 ROB WHITE                   2016. Over the years, Goodman has been
                                                 CEO, CEREBRAL PALSY         instrumental in helping us raise vital funds to
                                                 ALLIANCE                    support our mission to build better futures for
                                                                             individuals living with disability.”
          74

          CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY




          DIVERSITY




For personal use only
          Goodman’s Diversity Strategy aims to create
          an inclusive and transparent work environment
          that is free of harassment and discrimination,
          where all employees can contribute equally to our
          commercial goals. We operate in geographically
          and culturally diverse markets and we recognise
          and celebrate the differences that exist in them.
          We also take the Goodman Corporate Values
          seriously and strive to blend these behaviours
          into the way we interact every day with each other,
          our customers and investors.

          Gender representation
          Our Diversity Strategy not only recognises the
          differences in people but also considers the
          career development of all employees. However,
          an important long-term objective is to increase
          the representation of female employees at senior
          management levels in all regions.
               As an important step towards this, in 2013
          we set aspirational targets for women in senior
          executive roles. In contrast with previous years,
          the number of women in senior executive roles
          at Goodman slightly decreased in the 2016
          financial year.
               We consider employees one level below the
          executive category to be the future leaders of the
          business and the female representation of this
          group remained constant in 2016.
               We see the path to increased female
          representation at executive levels within Goodman
          as being a combination of targeted recruitment,
          developing the skills of managers to coach
          and mentor, and creating a work culture that
          encourages people to fully develop their skills.
                                                              75

                        GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




For personal use only
          76

          CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                        77

                                                                                       GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                        RECENT HIGHLIGHTS




For personal use only
                        Relaunched the Goodman Values                            INTERNAL COMMUNICATION
                        Over the past twelve months we have relaunched           Reviewed our career progression programme
                        our Corporate Values through an internal                 We consulted with participants to review our
                        communications programme, entitled “Success              Future+Women programme in Australia to help
                        is in our GNA”. The purpose of the programme is          it better address barriers to women’s career
                        to generate greater awareness and understanding          progression. We made changes to allow women
                        of our Values with the view to driving continuous        to more effectively drive their own career
                        improvement by ensuring greater alignment                development and to access one-on-one coaching.
                        between our Values and behaviours, both internally       We stress the importance of employees managing
                        and externally. The programme has been rolled            their own career development and proactively
                        out globally to all employees via an integrated          seeking assistance.
                        communications programme which will continue
                        to evolve through various phases. We recently            Boosted management skills
                        conducted Global Brand Research among our key            Following its successful introduction in Australia
                        internal and external stakeholders, the results of       in 2015, Maximise, a structured management
                        which were very good and demonstrated a good             development programme, was launched in
                        understanding of the Values among staff. We are          China during the year. Among other skills,
                        now using the findings of this report to help shape      Maximise encourages senior managers to
                        the future direction of the programme.                   consider geographical and cultural diversities in
                              Goodman’s Values centre around respect,            relation to how they manage teams, while also
                        appreciating each other’s contribution, recognising      focusing on mentoring and conducting effective
                        differences between people, working as a team,           performance reviews. Our Continental Europe
                        demonstrating drive and determination, being             business is well advanced in delivering structured
                        customer focused and innovative, but all against         management development, through both internal
                        a context of being honest, fair and clear with           and external training.
                        one another. How an employee demonstrates
                        these behaviours is now part of the performance          Implemented online learning
                        review process and we have made sure that our            We implemented more online learning through
                        expectations are clearly displayed and referred          Lynda.com, where employees can access a
                        to in actions and words.                                 diverse range of work related training, including
                                                                                 presentation skills, technical skills and other critical
                        Improved performance management                          elements of the way we work here at Goodman.
                        The effectiveness of our performance management          We now define learning by it being technical, skills
                        system to assess employees’ performance                  based or compliance related so that we are clear
                        against their objectives was also upgraded and           about what is required. This will continue to evolve
                        improved during the year. Employees were strongly        over the coming years.
                        encouraged to outline their career aspirations                 Our employment policies were reviewed to
                        and create plans to achieve them. The usage of           ensure barriers to participation are minimised
                        the performance management platform has been             through policies such as parental leave and flexible
                        greater than before, as a better process means           work. Flexible work arrangements are growing
                        better outcomes for employees. In 2017, we plan          more common at Goodman and are reinforced
                        to link a wider talent management platform to the        by our ‘Space To Work’ office model. This
                        performance management platform. The Values              includes providing employees with the appropriate
                        represent a portion of the overall review to reinforce   technology and tools to allow them to work
                        their importance.                                        efficiently and seamlessly outside the office.

                                                                                 Strengthened alignment between performance
                                                                                 and reward
                                                                                 We also continued to align performance and
                                                                                 reward, and have a long-term scheme that all
                                                                                 employees around the world participate in. We
                                                                                 strive to ensure that no fixed remuneration disparity
                                                                                 exists for male and female employees doing the
                                                                                 same job, and use incentive compensation to drive
                                                                                 people to succeed.
          78

          FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY




         FIVE YEAR
         FINANCIAL SUMMARY




For personal use only
          			                                             2012           2013          2014          2015        2016
          			                                              $M             $M            $M            $M          $M
          Income statement					
          Gross property income                                   235.7      219.6      207.7      206.1       204.6
          Management income                                       139.2      181.0      205.5      215.3       259.3
          Development income                                      340.1      471.6      767.6      763.7     1,250.4
          Distributions from investments                            22.2         3.1       2.0          –           –
          Net gain/(loss) on disposals of assets                    34.2       12.8        2.4       41.5       (26.7)
          Net gain from fair value adjustments
          on investment properties                                    6.5      28.0       48.6     515.9        327.8
          Share of net results of equity accounted investments    166.6      228.8      445.2      614.1        928.6
          Total income                                            944.5    1,144.9    1,679.0    2,356.6      2,944.0
          Property expenses                                        (61.7)     (59.7)     (60.1)     (59.4)       (63.9)
          Development expenses                                   (216.0)    (311.4)    (579.8)    (619.0)      (929.1)
          Employee expenses                                        (87.3)     (98.8)   (132.7)    (144.8)      (172.6)
          Share based payments expense                             (24.4)     (26.4)     (32.0)     (51.0)       (66.9)
          Administrative and other expenses                        (64.0)     (70.5)     (74.0)     (76.2)       (79.1)
          Impairment losses                                        (89.5)     (65.4)     (14.4)     (28.2)     (249.1)
          Restructuring costs                                           –       (9.8)        –          –            –
          Net finance income/(costs)                                58.6    (303.7)      (94.3)   (127.8)        (13.0)
          Total expenses                                         (484.3)    (945.7)    (987.3)  (1,106.4)    (1,573.7)
          Profit before income tax                                460.2      199.2      691.7    1,250.2      1,370.3
          Income tax expense                                         (9.7)    (15.9)     (13.0)     (21.0)       (75.6)
          Profit for the year                                     450.5      183.3      678.7    1,229.2      1,294.7
          Profit attributable to other non-controlling interests   (42.2)     (22.3)     (21.4)     (21.2)       (20.1)
          Profit attributable to Securityholders                  408.3      161.0      657.3    1,208.0      1,274.6
          Operating profit reconciliation (non-IFRS)					
          Operating profit available for distribution        463.4     544.1   601.1     653.5                 714.5
          Adjustments for:					
          Property valuation (losses)/gains                     (6.6)   (36.7) 172.4     721.7                  809.5
          Non-property related impairment losses              (21.5)        –       –     (12.0)               (204.6)
          Derivative mark to market and unrealised foreign
          exchange movements                                     5.1  (293.0)   (78.4)    (99.8)                81.5
          Other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring losses  (32.1)    (53.4)  (37.8)    (55.4)              (126.3)
          Profit attributable to Securityholders             408.3     161.0   657.3   1,208.0               1,274.6
          Operating profit per stapled security
          (cents per security)1                                30.5      32.4    34.8      37.2                  40.1
          Distributions (cents per security)                   18.0      19.4    20.7      22.2                  24.0
        1. Fully diluted for performance rights.
                                                                                                                                                           79

                                                                                                                    GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




For personal use only
                 			                                                                             2012      2013          2014           2015           2016
                 			                                                                              $M        $M            $M             $M             $M
                 Balance sheet					
                 Cash and receivables                                  605.9  1,172.8    780.8   1,137.0   1,774.5
                 Property assets                                     3,469.8  3,355.4  3,663.0   4,337.7   4,096.5
                 Equity accounted investments                        2,893.4  3,243.1  3,855.6   4,508.8   5,348.1
                 Intangible assets                                     783.2    891.4    932.7     976.4     780.6
                 Other (including derivative financial instruments)    467.6    228.0    171.8     302.4     387.4
                 Total assets                                        8,219.9  8,890.7  9,403.9  11,262.3  12,387.1
                 Payables and provisions                               512.2    520.0    656.8     732.0     747.4
                 Interest bearing liabilities                        2,347.5  2,249.8  2,160.5   2,707.9   2,865.2
                 Other (including derivative financial instruments)1   185.6    285.2    356.2     446.3     381.2
                 Total liabilities                                   3,045.3  3,055.0  3,173.5   3,886.2   3,993.8
                 Net assets                                          5,174.6  5,835.7  6,230.4   7,376.1   8,393.3
                 Non-controlling interests                            (318.8)  (331.5)  (325.8)   (325.8)   (325.8)
                 Net assets (after non-controlling interests)        4,855.8  5,504.2  5,904.6   7,050.3   8,067.5
                 NTA per security ($)                                   2.54     2.69     2.88      3.46      4.10
                 Gearing ratio1 (%)                                     23.9     18.5     19.5      17.3      11.8
                 Statement of changes in equity					
                 Total equity at the beginning of the year             5,013.9                          5,174.6       5,835.7        6,230.4        7,376.1
                 Total comprehensive income for the year                 429.9                            460.2         797.4        1,429.2        1,298.5
                 m                                                     5,443.8                          5,634.8       6,633.1        7,659.6        8,674.6
                 Contributions of equity, net of transaction costs        33.3                            441.4           42.1           89.3           95.5
                 Distributions provided or paid                         (283.1)                          (243.7)       (445.4)        (388.3)        (408.0)
                 Other transactions with equity holders                   22.8                              20.9          27.7           36.7           51.3
                 Movements in non-controlling interests during the year (42.2)                             (17.7)        (27.1)         (21.2)         (20.1)
                 Total equity at the end of the year                   5,174.6                          5,835.7       6,230.4        7,376.1        8,393.3
                 Cash flow statement         				
                 Net cash provided by operating activities            266.8                               356.1          404.4         654.7          830.1
                 Net cash used in investing activities               (220.8)                              146.4         (228.5)       (147.8)         160.0
                 Net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities   37.0                              (167.9)        (461.4)       (120.3)        (399.6)
                 Net increase/(decrease) in cash held                  83.0                               334.6         (285.5)        386.6          590.5
                 Cash at the beginning of the year                    227.8                               310.8          645.4         359.9          746.5
                 Cash at the end of the year                          310.8                               645.4          359.9         746.5        1,337.0
                1. Gearing calculated as total interest bearing liabilities over total assets.
          80

          GROUP EXECUTIVES




For personal use only
          GREGORY GOODMAN
          GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER




                                                        ANTHONY ROZIC
                                                        DEPUTY GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                                                        AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER,
                                                        NORTH AMERICA




                        NICK VRONDAS
                        GROUP CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER




                                                                      NICK KURTIS


         GROUP
                                                                      GROUP HEAD OF EQUITIES




         EXECUTIVES
                                                                                                                                  81

                                                                                            GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




For personal use only
                JAMES INWOOD
                GROUP HEAD OF INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT




                                                                                         JOHN TAYLOR
                                                                                         GROUP GENERAL MANAGER,
                                                                                         HUMAN RESOURCES




                         ALISON BRINK
                         GROUP GENERAL MANAGER,
                         M A R K E T I N G A N D C O M M U N I C AT I O N S




                                                                              MICHAEL O’SULLIVAN
                                                                              GROUP CORPORATE EXECUTIVE
          82

          REGIONAL EXECUTIVES




For personal use only
          JASON LITTLE
          GENERAL MANAGER,
          AUSTRALIA




                                       JOHN DAKIN
                                       CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER,
                                       NEW ZEALAND




                        PAUL MCGARRY
                        HEAD OF ASIA

                                                    KRISTOFFER HARVEY
                                                    CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER,
                                                    GREATER CHINA




         REGIONAL
         EXECUTIVES                                          ANGUS BROOKS
                                                             CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER,
                                                             JAPAN
                                                                                                                 83

                                                                           GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




For personal use only
                PHILIPPE VAN DER BEKEN
                MANAGING DIRECTOR,
                CONTINENTAL EUROPE
                                                                     CHARLES CROSSLAND
                                                                     MANAGING DIRECTOR,
                                                                     UK LOGISTICS




                                     DANNY PEETERS
                                     EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, CORPORATE



                                                                               CESAR NASSER
                                                                               CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER,
                                                                               BRAZIL




                        JIM JOHNSTON
                        MANAGING DIRECTOR,
                        UK BUSINESS PARKS



                                                                       ANTHONY ROZIC
                                                                       DEPUTY GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                                                                       AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER,
                                                                       NORTH AMERICA
          84

          BOARD OF DIRECTORS




For personal use only
                                                 MR GREGORY GOODMAN
                                                 GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER,
                                                 APPOINTED 7 AUGUST 1998




          MR IAN FERRIER, AM
          INDEPENDENT CHAIRMAN,
          APPOINTED 1 SEPTEMBER 2003




                                                                             MR PHILIP FAN
                                                                             INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
                                                                             APPOINTED 1 DECEMBER 2011




                        MS REBECCA MCGRATH
                        INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
                        APPOINTED 3 APRIL 2012




         BOARD OF
                                                                   MS ANNE KEATING
                                                                   INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
                                                                   APPOINTED 23 FEBRUARY 2005




         DIRECTORS
                                                                                                                    85

                                                                              GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




For personal use only
                                                                                 MR DANNY PEETERS
                                                                                 EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, CORPORATE,

                MR JIM SLOMAN, OAM                                               APPOINTED 1 JANUARY 2013

                INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
                APPOINTED 1 FEBRUARY 2006




                              MR PHILLIP PRYKE
                              INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
                              APPOINTED 13 OCTOBER 2010


                                                                        ANTHONY ROZIC
                                                                        DEPUTY GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                                                                        AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER,
                                                                        NORTH AMERICA
                                                                        APPOINTED 1 JANUARY 2013




                MR JOHN HARKNESS
                INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR,
                APPOINTED 23 FEBRUARY 2005
                                                          MR CARL BICEGO
                                                          C O M P A N Y S E C R E T A R Y,
                                                          APPOINTED 24 OCTOBER 2006
          86

          SECURITIES INFORMATION & CORPORATE DIRECTORY




          SECURITIES INFORMATION
          			                                                                                                                                            Percentage of
          Top 20 Securityholders Number of                                                                                                                 total issued




For personal use only
          As at 31 August 2016    securities                                                                                                                 securities
          1.		HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                          557,653,968                                                                    31.17
          2.		J P Morgan Nominees Australia Limited                              527,138,766                                                                    29.46
          3.		National Nominees Limited                                          219,710,323                                                                    12.28
          4.		Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                      123,735,626                                                                     6.92
          5.		BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <DRP>                                      68,278,056                                                                     3.82
          6.		Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited <Colonial First State Inv A/C>        46,467,353                                                                     2.60
          7.		AMP Life Limited                                                    30,286,385                                                                     1.69
          8.		BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Agency Lending DRP A/C>               20,980,439                                                                     1.17
          9.		Beeside Pty Limited                                                 16,923,077                                                                     0.95
          10.		Trison Investments Pty Ltd                                         15,259,385                                                                     0.85
          11.		CPU Share Plans Pty Ltd <GMG LTI Unallocated A/C>                  10,802,513                                                                     0.60
          12.		Trison Investments Pty Ltd                                          4,500,000                                                                     0.25
          13.		RBC Investor Services Australia Nominees Pty Limited <PISelect>     4,074,315                                                                     0.23
          14.		Bond Street Custodians Limited <ENH Property Securities A/C>        3,875,091                                                                     0.22
          15.		National Nominees Limited <N A/C>                                   3,469,276                                                                     0.19
          16.		HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited – A/C 2                   3,418,935                                                                     0.19
          17.		RBC Investor Services Australia Nominees Pty Ltd <BKMINI A/C>       2,362,425                                                                     0.13
          18.		IOOF Investment Management Limited <IPS Super A/C>                  2,208,045                                                                     0.12
          19.		HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                           2,042,917                                                                     0.11
          20.		UBS Nominees Pty Ltd                                                1,540,830                                                                     0.09
          Securities held by top 20 Securityholders                            1,664,727,725                                                                    93.05
          Balance of securities held		 124,393,418		                                                                                                             6.95
          Total issued securities		 1,789,121,143		                                                                                                            100.00

          			                                                                                                                                            Percentage of
                                  Number of   Number of                                                                                                    total issued
          Range of securities Securityholders  securities		                                                                                                  securities
          1 – 1,000         7,456     3,653,209		                                                                                                                0.20
          1,001 – 5,000    11,578    28,458,525		                                                                                                                1.59
          5,001 – 10,000    2,982    21,220,142		                                                                                                                1.19
          10,001 – 100,000  1,780    37,300,159		                                                                                                                2.08
          100,001 – over      107 1,698,489,108		                                                                                                               94.93
          Rounding				                                                                                                                                           0.01
          Total            23,903 1,789,121,143                                                                                                                100.00
          There were 654 Securityholders with less than a marketable parcel in relation to 6,339 securities as at 31 August 2016.

          Substantial Securityholders1                                                                                                            Number of securities
          Leader Investment Corporation; China Investment Corporation                                                                                    168,462,083
          State Street                                                                                                                                   106,113,676
          Blackrock, Inc.                                                                                                                                103,955,559
          Vanguard Group                                                                                                                                 102,759,342
        1. In accordance with latest Substantial Securityholder Notices as at 31 August 2016.



          Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited CHESS Depository Interests                             Securityholder shall have one vote and on a poll, every person present
          ASX reserves the right (but without limiting its absolute discretion)                 who is an eligible Securityholder shall have one vote for each Goodman
          to remove Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, Goodman Limited and                         Limited share and one vote for each dollar value of Goodman Industrial
          Goodman Industrial Trust from the official list of the ASX if a CHESS                 Trust units that the eligible Securityholder holds or represents (as the
          Depository Interest (CDI) referencing an ordinary share in Goodman                    case may be). At a general meeting of Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited,
          Logistics (HK) Limited, a share in Goodman Limited or a unit in                       all resolutions will be determined by poll, and eligible Securityholders
          Goodman Industrial Trust cease to be stapled, or any new securities                   will be able to direct Chess Depositary Nominees Pty Limited to cast
          are issued by Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, Goodman Limited                         one vote for each Chess Depositary Instrument (referencing a Goodman
          or Goodman Industrial Trust and are not (or CDIs in respect of them                   Logistics (HK) Limited share) that the eligible Securityholder holds or
          are not) stapled to equivalent securities in the Goodman Group.                       represents (as the case may be).
          Voting rights                                                                         On-market buy-back
          On a show of hands at a general meeting of Goodman Limited or                         There is no current on-market buy-back.
          Goodman Industrial Trust, every person present who is an eligible
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                87

                                                                                                                                                                                      GOODMAN GROUP SECURITYHOLDER REVIEW 2016




                   CORPORATE DIRECTORY
                    GOODMAN GROUP                                                                                                   DIRECTORS
                    Goodman Limited                                                                                                 Mr Ian Ferrier, AM                                              Ms Rebecca McGrath




For personal use only
                    ABN 69 000 123 071                                                                                              Independent Chairman                                            Independent Director
                    Goodman Industrial Trust                                                                                        Mr Gregory Goodman                                              Mr Danny Peeters
                    ARSN 091 213 839                                                                                                Group Chief Executive Officer                                   Executive Director
                    Responsible Entity                                                                                              Mr Philip Fan                                                   Mr Phillip Pryke
                    Goodman Funds Management Limited                                                                                Independent Director                                            Independent Director
                    ABN 48 067 796 641; AFSL Number 223621                                                                          Mr John Harkness                                                Mr Anthony Rozic
                    Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited                                                                                  Independent Director                                            Executive Director
                    Company No. 1700359; ARBN 155 911 149                                                                           Ms Anne Keating                                                 Mr Jim Sloman, OAM
                                                                                                                                    Independent Director                                            Independent Director
                    OFFICES
                    Registered offices                                                                                              COMPANY SECRETARY
                    Level 17                                                                                                        Mr Carl Bicego
                    60 Castlereagh Street
                    Sydney NSW 2000                                                                                                 SECURITY REGISTRAR
                    Australia                                                                                                       Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
                    GPO Box 4703                                                                                                    Level 5
                    Sydney NSW 2001                                                                                                 115 Grenfell Street
                    Telephone    1300 791 100 (within Australia)                                                                    Adelaide SA 5000
                                 +61 2 9230 7400 (outside Australia)                                                                GPO Box 1903
                    Facsimile    +61 2 9230 7444                                                                                    Adelaide SA 5001
                    Email        info@goodman.com                                                                                   Telephone      1300 723 040 (within Australia)
                    Website      www.goodman.com                                                                                                  +61 3 9415 4043 (outside Australia)
                                                                                                                                    Facsimile     +61 8 8236 2305
                    Suite 901                                                                                                       Email         www.investorcentre.com/contact
                    Three Pacific Place                                                                                             Website       www.computershare.com
                    1 Queen’s Road East
                    Hong Kong                                                                                                       CUSTODIANS
                    Telephone      +852 2249 3100                                                                                   The Trust Company Limited
                    Facsimile      +852 2525 2070                                                                                   Level 12
                                                                                                                                    123 Pitt Street
                    OTHER OFFICES                                                                                                   Sydney NSW 2000
                    Adelaide                           Christchurch                        Osaka                                    Auditor
                    Allentown                          Cracow                              Paris                                    KPMG
                    Amsterdam                          Düsseldorf                          Perth                                    10 Shelley Street
                    Auckland                           Guangzhou                           Poznan                                   Sydney NSW 2000
                    Barcelona                          Hamburg                             Prague
                    Beijing                            Hong Kong                           Reading                                  ASX CODE
                    Birmingham                         London                              São Paulo                                GMG
                    Brisbane                           Los Angeles                         Shanghai
                    Brussels                           Luxembourg                          Sydney
                    Budapest                           Madrid                              Tokyo
                    Chengdu                            Melbourne                           Warsaw




                   Disclaimer
                   This Securityholder Review has been prepared by Goodman Group (Goodman Limited (ABN 69 000 123 071), Goodman Funds Management Limited (ABN 48 067 796 641; AFSL Number 223621) as the
                   Responsible Entity for Goodman Industrial Trust (ARSN 091 213 839) and Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited (Company No. 1700359; ARBN 155 911 149). It is not intended to be relied upon as advice to investors
                   or potential investors and does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular investor. These should be considered, with professional advice, when deciding if an
                   investment is appropriate. This Annual Report is not an offer or invitation for subscription or purchase of securities or other financial products. It does not constitute an offer of securities in the United States.
                   Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they are registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 or an exemption from registration is available. This Annual Report contains certain
                   “forward-looking statements”. The words “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “forecast”, “estimate”, “likely”, “intend”, “should”, “could”, “may”, “target”, “plan” and other similar expressions are intended to
                   identify forward-looking statements. Indications of, and guidance on, future earnings and financial position and performance are also forward-looking statements. Due care and attention have been used in the
                   preparation of forecast information. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond
                   the control of Goodman Group, that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. There can be no assurance that actual outcomes will not differ materially from
                   these statements. All values are expressed in Australian currency unless otherwise stated. September 2016.
          6

          CHAIRMAN’S LETTER — LEADING TRANSFORMATION




For personal use only


          WWW.GOODMAN.COM
                                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP AN N UAL REPORT
                               GOODMAN                       GOODMAN                                               GOODMAN LOGISTICS
                                LIMITED                  INDUSTRIAL TRUST                                             (HK) LIMITED
                        Consolidated financial report.   Consolidated financial report.                            Consolidated financial report.


                                  p—17                             p—96                                                      p—144




For personal use only
                   INDUSTRIAL
                    EVOLUTION
                              G O O D M A N              G R O U P              A N N U A L                                R E P O R T              2 0 1 6
For personal use only
                        This page has been left blank intentionally
                    CONTENTS

                    Chairman’s letter                             2




For personal use only
                    Group Chief Executive Officer’s report        4
                    Group operations                              7
                    Corporate responsibility and sustainability 10
                    Corporate governance                         16
                    Consolidated Financial Report for
                    Goodman Limited                              17
                    Consolidated Financial Report for
                    Goodman Industrial Trust                     96
                    Consolidated Financial Report for
                    Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited              144
                    Securities information                      178
                    Glossary                                    179
                    Corporate directory                         180




                                                     GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016   1
      CHAIRMAN’S LETTER

      Leading transformation                                         The right mix
      The 2016 financial year (FY2016) was another successful        With an expanding business operating in a high growth sector,
      year for Goodman. Not only did we grow our operating profit    successful execution of our strategy has required an optimal
      to $715 million, a 9% increase on the 2015 financial year      mix of prudent, uncompromising financial management
      (FY2015), but we did it while executing a long-term plan       coupled with entrepreneurial drive.
      which will underpin the Group’s future. Low borrowings,
      a robust balance sheet and strong customer relationships,      Last year at Goodman, I believe we came up with the right mix.
                                                                     The numbers support our approach.




For personal use only
      supported by our gateway city strategy, were all features
      of the last year.                                              These results were the product of the execution of a long-term
      Financial highlights for FY2016 include:                       strategy that a short-term plan would not be able to achieve.
                                                                     Over the past five years at Goodman, the discipline and
      + Operating profit of $715 million, a 9% increase on FY2015;   commitment of the executive team and staff have seen the
      + Statutory profit of $1,275 million, contributing to          Group conceive, develop and execute a plan which will fortify
        19% growth in net tangible assets per security;              Goodman’s future.
      + Operating earnings per security (EPS) of 40.1 cents,
        up 7.8% on FY2015;                                           As part of this plan, we continued acting on our earlier decision
      + Distribution per security of 24.0 cents, up 8% on FY2015;    to invest and develop in quality locations in major urban
      + A strong financial position maintained, with balance sheet   centres, in order to capitalise on the urbanisation of major
        gearing of 11.8%; and                                        cities, the boom in global consumption and the continued
      + Group liquidity at $2.6 billion to meet all near term        evolution of e-commerce and logistics.
        obligations and opportunities.                               To get there, we’ve combined the financial strength which we
                                                                     see as part of ‘business as usual’ at Goodman, with an appetite
                                                                     for expansion and change that has helped us stay ahead of
                                                                     the market.
                                                                     To stay at the forefront of our sector, we envisaged a plan that
                                                                     would go the distance. We’re now well positioned to capitalise
                                                                     on the side effect of a boom in e-commerce and a redefinition
                                                                     of the role of the warehouse. Today, our customers want more
                                                                     value from their property solutions than ever before. They
                                                                     are willing to consolidate, rationalise or automate to achieve
                                                                     greater cost efficiencies. We also know they are turning their
                                                                     attention to the locations where Goodman’s gateway city
                                                                     strategy remains focused: proven logistics locations in major
                                                                     cities around the world, close to major urban centres.
                                                                     The results of this strategy of developing quality properties
                                                                     in sought-after locations can not only be seen in the strong
                                                                     bottom line we presented for FY2016, but it’s also shown
                                                                     through the high quality of our properties. These are being
                                                                     built to lead, not just meet, market demands in the
                                                                     warehousing sector.
                                                                     Across the globe last year, the foresight Goodman has shown
                                                                     in its urban renewal and gateway city strategies provided
                                                                     our customers with a competitive edge and the Group with
                                                                     a sustainable business.

                                                                     Nowhere was this better demonstrated than in Sydney,
                                                                     Australia. When one of our commercial properties at Waterloo
                                                                     Road in Macquarie Park was rezoned as residential and
                                                                     subsequently contracted for sale, we worked closely with the
                                                                     building’s customer, Fuji Xerox to find them suitable alternative
                                                                     commercial space.
                                                                     Soon, Fuji Xerox will relocate to a brand new Goodman
                                                                     development in nearby Khartoum Road, Macquarie Park.
                                                                     This new property gives Fuji Xerox a chance to consolidate
                                                                     its operations, with its Fuji Film business also moving into the
                                                                     new commercial space. As a result, we have been able to
                                                                     provide Fuji Xerox with higher quality premises, through a cost-
                                                                     effective, minimally disruptive move.
                                                                     For Goodman’s part, there were significant benefits to this
                                                                     approach. We’ve not only conditionally exchanged on the sale
                                                                     of the Waterloo Road site, but importantly, we’ve also provided
                                                                     Fuji Xerox with a better property solution and retained them in
                                                                     our Australian portfolio.




      2                                           GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    The right plan                                                  A bright future
                    I’m pleased to say that in FY2016, the discipline and           What we’ve seen in FY2016 is the outcome of the past five
                    commitment of our executives and staff have ensured the         years of dedication and discipline by the team in executing a
                    desired outcome we’ve been working towards in our five          well-designed strategy. The results ensure Goodman has built
                    year plan is all but here.                                      a sustainable business which is now well positioned for the
                                                                                    future—one which may entail further expansion of our core
                    While our results are impressive on their own, there are two    business or expansion from opportunistic circumstances.




For personal use only
                    factors which make them even more so. First, they’ve been
                    achieved without resorting to the use of financial leverage,    Whichever we choose, our cautious financial management over
                    and second, they take into account the costs of expansion       the last year ensures that we are in a solid position in terms of
                    into new markets such as the United States and Brazil.          under reliance on cash. Additionally, as our investment partners
                                                                                    have $8 billion of undrawn equity capital committed, we will not
                    Overall, we are confident with our forecast 6% p.a. operating   have to resort to undue leverage to fulfil our expansion plans.
                    earnings per security growth for FY2017.
                                                                                    Of course, no matter how solid the plan, there will be bumps
                                                                                    in the road. We also can anticipate continuing challenges in
                                                                                    new and developing economies such as China, where we
                                                                                    have long-term partners and caps on our exposure. In more
                                                                                    mature economies, we will continue with our rational expansion
                                                                                    plans, taking advantage of our unique industry segment
                                                                                    and its current growth phase, in particular our growth in the
                                                                                    United States.
                                                                                    When we do hit challenges, I rest assured, knowing that
                                                                                    our people are our core strength, and the success we have
                                                                                    seen is testament to that. The executive team are highly
                                                                                    experienced and have been together to execute this strategy
                                                                                    over the past five years. We enjoy high staff retention across
                                                                                    the whole Group. All are positive factors, which are reflected
                                                                                    in a performance-based remuneration plan designed to ensure
                                                                                    retention of key and high performing staff, another strategy
                                                                                    with which we are very satisfied.
                                                                                    I am very proud of the excellent results that the Group has
                                                                                    achieved in FY2016, through its conviction on delivering to a
                                                                                    robust and sustainable strategy and of the focus, commitment
                                                                                    and drive shown by everyone at Goodman. I look forward
                                                                                    to the coming year and would like to thank our staff for their
                                                                                    dedication and our Securityholders, customers and investment
                                                                                    partners for your continued support.




                                                                                    Ian Ferrier, AM
                                                                                    Independent Chairman




                                                                  GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                   3
      GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REPORT

      Evolving our business                                                 The quality and location of our properties have always been
      Goodman has completed another successful year in which we             key factors in Goodman’s investment decisions and they define
      continued to grow our business and ensure we are in robust            the composition of our overall portfolio of 412 properties. In the
      shape financially and operationally to benefit from a number of       context of the themes transforming our sector, we continue to
      transformational macro themes that are shaping the future and         see ongoing growth in the quality and strength of our properties
      driving the evolution of the industrial property sector. This is an   in and around major gateway cities and this forms the basis of
      exciting time for the Group and I’m pleased to report on our          our overall business strategy.




For personal use only
      activities and achievements in the 2016 financial year and how        During the year, this was reflected in our focus on improving
      these are positioning Goodman for a strong future.                    the quality of our properties and the income we earn from
      Our performance during the year delivered 7.8% growth in              them. We did this by taking advantage of the high demand for
      operating earnings per security, demonstrating our conviction         modern, well located logistics space and selectively selling
      that the business strategy we are executing is the right one for      assets, with the proceeds reinvested into our development
      the prevailing market conditions and will create long-term value      business. The continued strong demand for industrial
      for all of Goodman’s stakeholders. Our ability to achieve this        assets resulted in $2.2 billion of properties (excluding urban
      comes from Goodman’s industrial property expertise, size and          renewal sites) being sold across the Group and our managed
      scale, and the extensive infrastructure we have in place around       Partnerships in markets including Australia, New Zealand,
      the world. Our operations span 16 countries and we have built         China, the United Kingdom and Continental Europe. This sales
      a truly global business, with a virtually unrivalled operating        activity has helped to fund our growing development work
      platform and skilled team of people. This has enabled us to           book, which increased to $3.4 billion at year end and remains
      be innovative by identifying and adopting new trends early,           a key driver of growth for Goodman.
      ensuring that Goodman has always been a leader within our             The ongoing strength in asset pricing enhances our competitive
      sector. The capability and resources we have amassed over             advantage, given our ability to develop brand new logistics
      many years provide Goodman with access to a wide range of             space in sought after locations, where land is difficult to
      quality opportunities, the experience to solve the diverse and        obtain and demand exceeds available supply. We are able to
      changing property needs of our customers across a wide range          replace existing assets at a forecast yield on cost of 7.8%
      of industries, and an investment offering that attracts significant   with our own modern, high quality developments. This is
      capital from global investment partners.                              reflected in the $3.3 billion of new development projects we
      A prominent backdrop to the last 12 months has been the               commenced across our operating regions during FY2016,
      ever growing prevalence of a number of macro themes that              which is adding significant value and providing the best risk
      are driving the demand for modern, well located logistics             adjusted returns at this point in the property cycle. In turn, this
      space. They are underpinning significant change across the            is benefitting Goodman and our stakeholders by enhancing
      industrial property sector globally and the role that logistics       our overall portfolio and income quality and driving higher
      and warehousing space has traditionally played.                       investment returns.

      These themes include:                                                 The Group continued to focus on managing the risk in its
                                                                            growing development business during the year through its
      + The trend toward greater urbanisation of our cities;                disciplined and prudent approach to development. We did this
      + The growth in consumerism, which is driving demand from             by ensuring that we maintained a strong financial position,
        our customers across a broad range of sectors from retail           reinvesting the proceeds from our property sale initiatives and
        and pharmaceutical to automotive;                                   limiting speculative development to markets where there is
      + The evolution of e-commerce and enabling technologies               an undersupply of new logistics space. Importantly, we are
        (such as mobile technology), which is changing consumer             undertaking more development in our managed Partnerships
        behaviour and driving greater investment in proven                  and this is reducing the amount of capital that the Group is
        logistics locations, close to major urban centres and               directly contributing to fund its overall development projects.
        end-consumers; and
      + The focus of our customers on getting more value from               We completed another busy year in our development business,
        their property solutions and achieving cost efficiencies,           with Australia undertaking more than $700 million of projects
        which include consolidating operations, upgrading                   in the key east coast cities of Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane.
        facilities, rationalising supply chains, greater automation         The development activity we have underway reflects the
        and the use of robotics.                                            shift by our customers toward reducing costs and improving
                                                                            operational efficiencies. Demand has been largely driven by
                                                                            the ongoing growth in e-commerce through the increased
                                                                            space requirements of third party logistics customers. We also
                                                                            secured a number of new commitments from domestic and
                                                                            international retailers, including Jewel Fine Foods, ALDI and
                                                                            Super Amart.
                                                                            In our New Zealand business, customer demand is contributing
                                                                            to the ongoing strength of our development book in the key
                                                                            Auckland market. We announced 11 new projects during the
                                                                            year, which were mostly pre-committed to customers on long-
                                                                            term leases, including four projects at our flagship Highbrook
                                                                            Business Park.




      4                                               GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Goodman maintained development volumes in China of                     In Brazil, we secured 100% of the operating platform, agreeing
                    740,000 sqm, with our selective development approach                   terms with WTorre to split our respective interests in the assets
                    targeting strategic logistics locations around key economic            of the WTGoodman joint venture. We now operate as Goodman
                    centres, including Shanghai, Beijing, Chongqing and Chengdu.           Brazil and our operations there are strategically aligned with
                    Demand for quality space in these markets remains high, driven         the Group’s global platform. We maintain our positive long-
                    by domestic consumption and in particular, we continued                term view on Brazil and are focused on selectively undertaking
                    to see strong interest from e-commerce, retail and logistics           targeted growth opportunities, such as the pre-committed




For personal use only
                    customers. This has achieved pre-commitment levels over                62,000 sqm development for Walmart that was secured during
                    50%, with good pre-leasing activity on our uncommitted                 the year.
                    developments, such as Goodman Qingpu Centre in Shanghai,
                    which was 97% leased on completion.                                    Our stabilised property portfolio around the world experienced
                                                                                           robust operating activity over the last year, with strong
                    The Japan market continues to experience strong demand                 leasing results and ongoing high occupancy and customer
                    for modern, high quality logistics space. The targeted                 retention levels. We achieved this through the consistent
                    development approach being undertaken by our Japan team                delivery of our customer focused offering and by ensuring
                    is focused on prime, strategic locations around Tokyo and              that our properties are well maintained and presented. The
                    Osaka. Highlighting this, we delivered Stage 1 of Goodman              quality, location and performance of our stabilised portfolio
                    Business Park in Chiba Newtown, Tokyo, a 117,000 sqm                   ensure that our properties are sought after by our customers
                    four-storey, multi-customer logistics facility, which has been         and attractive to investors, which continues to support
                    fully leased. Following this success, we also announced the            higher property valuations. Together with the strength of
                    commencement of Stage 2 at Goodman Business Park, with                 Goodman’s development activities, this was a major driver
                    strong pre-leasing interest for this 125,000 sqm logistics facility,   of the growth in our total assets under management during
                    which will have the same high specification as Stage 1.                the year, which increased by 13% to $34.1 billion as at 30
                                                                                           June. This was largely due to the $3.2 billion of developments
                    In the United Kingdom, we maintained our development                   we completed and $810 million of higher property valuations
                    led approach, securing new opportunities during the year               across Goodman’s overall portfolio, with our urban renewal
                    in proven, core markets. With the support of our global                sites in Australia contributing approximately 33% of this
                    investment partners, we also launched the Goodman UK                   valuation increase.
                    Logistics Partnership. The Partnership has already completed
                    its first two projects, both of which have been fully leased.          The Group’s urban renewal strategy continues to represent an
                                                                                           important long-term opportunity and major source of capital
                    In Continental Europe, our business continues to perform well,         for our business. It shows how investing in quality gateway city
                    with development volumes remaining strong. Our work book               locations, where land is scarce and in high demand has, over
                    was 623,000 sqm at year end. We have sustained this level of           time, prompted a change in use from industrial to residential,
                    activity over the last four years and have been ranked Europe’s        creating significant value for Goodman. Demonstrating this,
                    top real estate developer for the fifth consecutive year by            we have sold and conditionally contracted $2.1 billion of sites,
                    PropertyEU magazine. Ongoing customer demand in sectors                of which $800 million of urban renewal transactions were
                    including e-commerce, retail and automotive underpinned                settled to 30 June, with a further $1 billion of settlements to
                    activity in our key markets of Germany, France and Poland,             occur in FY2017. We continue to maintain the momentum in
                    achieving overall occupancy across our European portfolio of           our urban renewal activities by focusing on achieving positive
                    98%.                                                                   planning outcomes on a number of sites, while also maintaining
                    The roll-out of Goodman’s development pipeline in the US               our current urban renewal pipeline in Australia, which is
                    gathered momentum over the year, with our focus on key                 equivalent to 35,000 apartments.
                    undersupplied markets in Southern California, New Jersey and           Goodman has retained the strong support of global investor
                    Pennsylvania. We made good progress in the Inland Empire               groups, who value our contemporary approach to investment
                    market in Southern California, completing more than 160,000            management. This comes from our independence, governance
                    sqm of logistics space and signing major leases with Amazon            and alignment of interests, with the Group investing alongside
                    and Walmart. We also commenced over 200,000 sqm of new                 our partners. The Group’s specialist investment offering,
                    developments at our mixed-use development in Eastvale,                 development expertise and proven ability of our Partnership
                    securing a pre-commitment from Volkswagen for a new                    platform to deliver strong total returns and create value, are
                    training facility.                                                     attractive to our investment partners. This saw an additional
                                                                                           $2.3 billion of equity raised in FY2016, mainly for our
                                                                                           Partnerships in China, Japan and the United Kingdom.
                                                                                           This has bolstered the investment capacity of our managed
                                                                                           Partnerships and provides them with access to quality
                                                                                           opportunities not readily available in the market.
                                                                                           The strong performance delivered in the 2016 financial year
                                                                                           reflects the range of operating activities and strategic initiatives
                                                                                           undertaken across Goodman’s business globally. This has
                                                                                           delivered full year operating earnings per security of 40.1
                                                                                           cents, an increase of 7.8% on FY2015 and operating profit of
                                                                                           $715 million, up 9% on last year. This was above our initial 6%
                                                                                           earnings guidance provided at the start of the year.
                                                                                           The total distribution we paid for the year was 24.0 cents per
                                                                                           security, representing an 8% increase on last year and was in
                                                                                           line with Goodman’s 60% distribution payout ratio. Payment
                                                                                           of the distribution consisted of 11.9 cents in the first half of the
                                                                                           year and 12.1 cents for the second half.




                                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                              5
      GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S REPORT
      CONTINUED



      Group operations                                                     Outlook
      Goodman’s operations delivered an operating EBIT of                  Goodman is building a higher quality business for the long
      $879 million, which is a substantial increase of 23%                 term. The success we have achieved over the last year
      compared with last year. The robust result is mainly due to          shows how we are successfully executing our strategy, and
      our continued focus on driving the organic growth of our             our early recognition and understanding of the major macro
      business, the geographic diversification of our operating            themes and structural changes that are transforming our
      platform and the increased scale of our existing markets             sector globally. With Goodman’s specialist industrial offering




For personal use only
      around the world, while also benefitting in part from a weaker       and geographically diversified operating platform, combined
      Australian dollar. Reflecting the strength of the customer           with the strength of our customer relationships and managed
      and investor demand for quality logistics properties globally,       Partnerships, we are well placed to take advantage of the
      Goodman’s development and management businesses                      strong ongoing demand for modern, efficient and well located
      performed well, contributing 39% and 18% of operating EBIT           logistics space. We will focus on accessing the best quality
      respectively. The continued growth in the contribution from our      opportunities in the best locations, to drive sustainable
      development activities was a key factor in Goodman’s earnings        earnings growth for future periods and create long-term
      outperformance for the full year. The contribution to operating      value for all stakeholders.
      EBIT by Goodman’s investment earnings was 43%, with stable           Our focus remains on improving the quality of our properties
      investment earnings in line with expectations.                       and income across Goodman’s portfolio globally. We will
      The value of our geographically diversified operating                continue to selectively sell assets, although with $4.1 billion
      platform was reflected in the 59% of earnings contributed by         of property sales already undertaken over the last two years,
      Goodman’s international operations, with solid growth achieved       this will be at a slower rate in FY2017. With development
      in these markets.                                                    providing the best risk adjusted returns, we will reinvest sale
                                                                           proceeds into our development business, providing funding for
      Further information on the Group’s operations for FY2016             the projects being undertaken by the Group and our managed
      is available on pages 7 to 9 of this Annual Report.                  Partnerships, and building the quality and strength of our
      Capital management                                                   properties in and around key gateway cities globally.

      Maintaining a strong financial position is an important part         The progress we are making on our urban renewal strategy
      of Goodman’s overall business strategy, balancing our                will generate considerable capital for Goodman, as further
      commitment to delivering sustainable long-term growth                settlements occur in FY2017 and in future periods. This is
      and competitive risk-adjusted returns with lower financial           driving our financial leverage lower and together with our
      leverage. We are achieving this through our focus on selectively     property sales initiatives, is providing Goodman with significant
      selling property assets across the Group and our managed             financial flexibility and a robust balance sheet position.
      Partnerships and reinvesting capital into our development            In turn, the Group is well positioned for FY2017. We have a
      activities to deliver growth in investment returns.                  strong development business, with a significant pipeline of
      With our development business continuing to grow, having             growth opportunities to deliver tailored property solutions for
      available capital to self-fund our development work book             our global customer base and provide our investment partners
      makes us less reliant on new capital, while helping to reduce        with access to high quality, well located industrial properties.
      our financial leverage. In turn, this positions Goodman to           In turn, this will continue to grow our assets under management
      better withstand market volatility and to also take advantage of     and drive the long-term growth of our earnings. Goodman
      longer-term growth opportunities.                                    is forecasting full year operating earnings per security of
                                                                           42.5 cents, up 6% on FY2016 and a distribution per security
      As a result, the Group’s gearing was 11.8% at year end,              of 25.4 cents per security.
      compared with 17.3% as at 30 June 2015. We expect gearing
      to continue reducing, as further capital is received from            I would like to express my thanks on behalf of the Board
      ongoing selective property disposals and settlements arising         and executive management team, to all of our customers,
      from the sale of urban renewal sites. Goodman also finished the      investment partners and Securityholders for your ongoing
      year with total liquidity of $2.6 billion, providing considerable    support of our business. I also acknowledge the enormous
      financial flexibility for the future.                                commitment and effort by our team of people during the year
                                                                           in delivering this exceptional performance in FY2016 and thank
      We procured $3.1 billion of debt facilities during the year across   all of you for your valued contribution. Through your dedication
      the Group and managed Partnerships, mainly to refinance              and hard work, we are able to achieve so much and build a
      existing facilities. This achieved an average term to maturity       truly great business for the long term.
      of 4.5 years and pricing at current market rates, confirming
      our continued focus on extending debt funding sources and
      Goodman’s ongoing access to global debt capital markets.




                                                                           Gregory Goodman
                                                                           Group Chief Executive Officer




      6                                              GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    GROUP OPERATIONS

                    Property investment                                                Property development
                    2016 was a year of growth, as the Group achieved a 13%             Goodman’s development business performed strongly over
                    increase in the value of our assets under management. Two          the last year, benefitting from the demand for prime logistics
                    key factors played a role in this increase, being the number of    space around the world. With development commencements
                    developments we completed, and the sustained strong asset          of $3.3 billion spread across 92 projects in 16 countries
                    prices. This resulted in the positive revaluation of the 412       (67% with customer pre-commitments, and 72% pre-sold to
                    properties across our 16 country-strong portfolio.                 Goodman’s Partnerships or third parties), and development




For personal use only
                    What our portfolio looks like                                      work in progress of $3.4 billion, Goodman has one of the
                                                                                       largest and most geographically diversified development
                    The value of our direct investment portfolio has continued         businesses globally.
                    to rise and now totals $7.5 billion (up from $6.7 billion at
                    30 June 2015).                                                     Looking at the global picture, the demand for prime logistics
                                                                                       space reflects the robust domestic consumption seen in
                    At financial year end, our $7.5 billion portfolio was split into   major gateway cities, which is being facilitated by the rapid
                    two clear segments: $4.9 billion of cornerstone investments        growth in e-commerce. This is leading our customers’
                    in the Group’s managed Partnerships and $2.6 billion in direct     increased demand for space which is closer to the end-
                    property investments, spread across 29 properties in Australia,    consumer to reduce their costs and improve delivery times.
                    the UK and Europe. A large percentage of these are in Sydney,      By focusing on developing in and around gateway cities,
                    where they play a key role in Goodman’s urban renewal              Goodman is helping our customers realise greater operating
                    activities.                                                        efficiencies and returns from their property solutions.
                    Satisfying a global customer base                                  Keeping a firm eye on the future, we continued to maintain
                    Last year, Goodman continued to meet the demands of                our $10 billion development pipeline, replenishing our land
                    a global customer base, with our overall property portfolio        bank in key locations. This is capable of delivering a forecast
                    boasting occupancy of 96%, like-for-like rental growth of          gross lettable area of 7 million sqm.
                    1.9%, and $357 million in property income from 3.4 million sqm     Developments in progress
                    of space leased. Throughout the year, our proven customer
                    offering, geographically diversified operating platform and        With 81 projects in 14 countries, equating to 2.5 million
                    extensive infrastructure all continued to play key roles in        sqm of new logistics space, we saw active developments
                    our strongly performing portfolio.                                 underway in all of Goodman’s operating regions.

                    However, we also continued to add value for our global             Some of the projects that make up our $3.4 billion of
                    customers by staying focused on the quality of our properties      development work in progress include:
                    and actively managing assets across our portfolio. We              + in Sydney, a 36,870 sqm distribution centre for
                    undertook upgrades to existing properties and pursued higher         multinational consumer goods company, Reckitt Benckiser;
                    and better use opportunities to realise greater value for our      + a 30,670 sqm warehouse and office facility in Melbourne
                    assets. We also selectively disposed of properties where value       for distributor of household brands, Spectrum Brands;
                    had been maximised and better value was evident elsewhere.         + in Auckland, New Zealand, a 5,160 sqm warehouse
                    Our urban renewal activities and gateway city strategy are           expansion for food products supplier, Scalzo;
                    two examples of where our focus on investing in quality and        + a 106,900 sqm built-to-suit fulfilment centre, comprising
                    location were put into practice.                                     two facilities, in Huiyang, Southern China for leading
                                                                                         Chinese e-commerce company, JD.com;
                    A stronger position                                                + at Akamatsudai, Japan, a 50,865 sqm facility for
                    Maintaining our strategy of focusing on areas of urban               Japanese third party logistics provider, Marubeni Logistics
                    renewal requires active management. Last year, the total             Corporation;
                    value of the sites we sold and conditionally contracted was        + a 130,435 sqm fulfilment centre at Lahr, Germany for
                    $1.6 billion. This activity is now returning capital to Goodman,     leading European online fashion retail platform, Zalando;
                    strengthening our financial position.                              + in Brie, France, a 21,685 sqm warehouse for multinational
                                                                                         retailer, Carrefour;
                    We also took advantage of strong asset pricing with $2.2 billion   + a 24,000 sqm facility at Burton-on-Trent, United Kingdom
                    of asset sales activity (excluding urban renewal sites) across       for palletised freight distribution service provider,
                    the Group and our various Partnerships. This is consistent           Palletforce;
                    with our ongoing focus of improving the quality of our property    + at Eastvale in Southern California, United States, a mixed-
                    portfolio and its income stream and providing capital to help        use business park, with phase 1 comprising two 93,000
                    develop our own new, higher quality properties.                      sqm logistics facilities subsequently pre-leased to Amazon;
                                                                                         and
                                                                                       + a 62,600 sqm cross-dock and sort facility at Minas Gerais,
                                                                                         Brazil for multinational US retailer, Walmart.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                      7
      GROUP OPERATIONS
      CONTINUED



      A strategic approach                                             Property services
      Goodman continues to focus on development at this point          Meeting the needs of 1,750 customers across the globe
      in the property cycle, as it provides us with the best risk-     is no small task, yet Goodman’s Property Services teams
      adjusted returns. We are also capitalising on the Group’s        manage to not only achieve this, but also deliver exceptional
      development capability and expertise, both of which enable       customer service.
      us to develop our own brand new, high quality product at a       These teams are at the frontline of our operating platform,
      yield on cost of 7.8%. This strategy provides us with a strong   helping us achieve this year’s 96% overall occupancy across




For personal use only
      competitive advantage compared to having to buy similar          the 17.6 million sqm of logistics and business space under
      assets in the market.                                            our management.
      This ability to reinvest significant capital into Goodman’s      Our Property Services teams attend to the day-to-day property
      development business is a point of differentiation, with         needs of customers, working proactively and consistently to
      the Group increasingly able to self-fund its development         ensure properties are well maintained and operate efficiently,
      activities.                                                      but that’s just the baseline. Our people are constantly looking
      While our strategy is important to growing future earnings,      for opportunities that add value for our customers, helping
      the big picture is also prudent. Risk has been mitigated         them meet their own changing business and operational needs.
      via more development being undertaken in Goodman’s               In this respect, both the size and scale of our portfolio and our
      managed Partnerships, reducing the Group’s direct capital        active asset management approach help us go well beyond
      commitments. We’ve also limited speculative development          what’s expected. Throughout the last year, we assisted
      to supply constrained markets, such as the US, Japan             customers who were upgrading or expanding existing space,
      and China.                                                       through refurbishment, new development or relocation within
      Developments delivered                                           the portfolio, while helping others consolidate their space to
                                                                       achieve greater efficiencies.
      Over the last year, Goodman delivered $3.2 billion of
      new space, totalling 2.4 million sqm across 86 projects.         If we look purely at the numbers, it was also a busy year. We
      Developments delivered during the year include:                  now manage 412 industrial and business space properties,
                                                                       and of the 3.4 million sqm of space we leased last year,
      + in Sydney, two facilities for a combined 58,185 sqm for        287 new leases were signed, and 335 leases were renewed.
        global logistics services provider, DHL Supply Chain;
      + an 11,445 sqm warehouse and office development in              But while the numbers count, customer relationships are key
        Melbourne for leading producer of herbs and spices,            to maintaining them. Over the last year, we were proud to have
        McCormick Foods;                                               increased our customer retention rate to 79%, up from 74% at
      + in Auckland, New Zealand, a 16,000 sqm head office             30 June 2015.
        building for dairy company, Fonterra;                          Customers that were either welcomed during the year, or
      + an 85,635 sqm distribution centre, comprising two facilities   with whom we built on our existing relationships include:
        for global sport apparel and equipment retailer, Decathlon,    DB Schenker, Deutsche Post (DHL), TNT, Walmart, Amazon,
        in Wuhan, China;                                               Decathlon, GAP, Nestlé, Hyundai and Airbus.
      + in Tokyo, Japan, Stage 1 of Goodman Business Park,
        comprising a 116,525 sqm ramp-up, multi-customer
        logistics facility;
      + a 69,130 sqm distribution centre near Augsburg,
        Germany for automobile manufacturer, BMW Group;
      + a 39,625 sqm fulfilment centre at St Mard, France for
        Cdiscount, France’s leading e-commerce company;
      + at Fontana in Southern California, United States, a
        59,430 sqm logistics centre, subsequently leased
        to Walmart; and
      + in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, a 145,390 sqm built-to-suit
        facility for Brazilian retail group, Via Varejo.




      8                                              GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Investment management                                             A year of major initiatives
                    At Goodman, we’ve long known our investment partners are          There were numerous major initiatives completed over the last
                    particularly attracted to three things about us: our specialist   year. E-commerce and domestic consumption in China meant
                    industrial offering, our ability to create long-term value, and   continued demand for quality logistics space, particularly in our
                    focus on delivering strong ongoing total returns.                 gateway cities of Greater Shanghai and the Beijing region. As a
                                                                                      result, Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB) built on
                    During the year, we worked hard on all three, and our average     its existing relationship with Goodman by committing a further
                    total return was more than 20% across a managed Partnership




For personal use only
                                                                                      US$1 billion of equity to Goodman China Logistics Partnership
                    platform that has $29.3 billion of assets under management        (GCLP). This was done in line with the Partnership’s equity
                    (up 16% on 30 June 2015). This figure was achieved thanks         structure on an 80/20 basis, with US$250 million coming from
                    to significant development completions, as well as continued      Goodman, for a total commitment of US$1.25 billion.
                    market strength in asset pricing, which has also led to our
                    Partnership properties achieving higher market valuations.        Additionally, GCLP acquired a portfolio of logistics estates
                                                                                      from Goodman Group, with an end build-out value in excess of
                    We remained strategic in our approach to the sale of assets.      US$570 million. For 2017, GCLP will continue its focus on key
                    Selective sales of $1.9 billion worth of properties improved      locations, where land constraints and demand are strongest.
                    our overall portfolio quality and safeguarded our income
                    stream. At the same time, we were able to continue offering       In 2016, we also launched the £1 billion Goodman UK
                    our investment partners access to growth opportunities in         Logistics Partnership between Goodman, CPPIB and APG
                    prime locations that the open market can’t readily access.        Asset Management. Each partner committed £200 million
                                                                                      for a one third interest respectively. The resulting combined
                    New capital raised                                                initial equity commitment of £600 million provides investment
                    Our investment partners showed their confidence in our            capacity in excess of £1 billion. This will be used to secure high
                    business, with $2.3 billion of new equity raised for the          quality UK logistics and industrial development opportunities.
                    UK, China and Japan. $2.4 billion of debt was raised and          The Partnership’s initial portfolio comprises two developments
                    refinanced over the last year, lengthening our debt maturity      in proven logistics locations close to London and Birmingham,
                    profile, with an average debt expiry of 4.5 years.                totalling 55,000 sqm of new space.
                    The total investment capacity across our Partnerships at          There were numerous other success stories across our
                    30 June 2016 was $10.3 billion in cash and undrawn debt           Partnerships. Goodman Japan Core Partnership finalised
                    and equity. This is a strong figure and ensures our investment    new equity commitments for US$200 million, while the terms
                    partners can participate in the range of growth opportunities     of the Goodman Australia Development Partnership and
                    offered by both the Group and wider market.                       Goodman European Partnership (GEP) were extended by five
                                                                                      and ten years respectively.
                                                                                      In Europe, GEP successfully priced an inaugural €500 million
                                                                                      Eurobond issue on a five year term, with proceeds used to
                                                                                      repay existing debt facilities. Separately, in New Zealand,
                                                                                      Goodman Property Trust (GMT) successfully completed a
                                                                                      US Private Placement debt issue, securing US$120 million
                                                                                      of long-term funding with a weighted average term of 12.3
                                                                                      years, to increase the diversity and tenor of its debt facilities.
                                                                                      GMT also extended its retail bond programme, issuing a new
                                                                                      NZ$100 million senior, secured seven year bond.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                        9
      CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY

      SUSTAINABILITY                                                     Sustainable development
      It’s been a strong year for Goodman, with our commitment           It was a busy year for our development teams, with
      to Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability (CR&S) playing      $3.2 billion of new developments completed across
      a positive role in this success.                                   Goodman’s operating regions.
      Throughout the year, we’ve worked hard to achieve consistency      Incorporating sustainable design initiatives into our industrial
      across the business to deliver our sustainability initiatives.     developments remains a challenge, as factors including
      To get there, we’ve built our internal knowledge and capacity,     functionality, location and cost remain primary decision




For personal use only
      an investment which is enabling our teams to collaborate and       drivers. Our approach is to get the basics right relating to
      respond to global trends such as the growth in consumerism,        site orientation, natural light, smart lighting, efficient air
      urbanisation and e-commerce.                                       conditioning, rainwater capture and efficient landscaping,
                                                                         and then target local opportunities and priority issues.
      Sustainability is partly about embracing innovation. The concept
      fits well with Goodman’s drive to improve the quality of our       As a long-term owner of our properties, we look for feasible
      properties, and represents just one way we are capitalising        design options that provide tangible benefits to our customers,
      on the shifting dynamics across the logistics sector.              enhance leasing appeal and add value to the property.
      Our focus on sustainability also ensures we continue finding       Last year, developments completed in Australia and New
      efficiencies across the business. While this is a natural fit      Zealand represented 26% of all projects completed globally.
      for Goodman, it’s also a key driver of our customer-focused        Typical sustainability features we incorporated into our
      business strategy.                                                 Australian and New Zealand developments include:
      Our sustainability strategy is reviewed regularly to ensure it     + Translucent roof sheeting to maximise natural lighting into
      supports, and is aligned with, Goodman’s business strategy.          the warehouse;
      Over the last year, we further revised our sustainability          + Fully automated T5 fluorescent or LED lighting;
      approach to deliver our activities and targets across              + Electrical sub-metering;
      four main areas.                                                   + Glare control;
                                                                         + Low VOC materials;
      1. Sustainable development – striving to improve the
                                                                         + Rainwater harvesting;
         sustainability of our developments, through innovation          + End-of-trip facilities; and
         and working with customers to evaluate and incorporate          + Drought-tolerant native landscaping.
         design initiatives.
      2. Asset management – managing and investing in our assets to      Case studies
         improve efficiency, long-term competitiveness and resilience.   Connect Corporate Centre, Sydney, Australia
      3. Corporate performance – measuring our impact, improving         Among the developments we completed in Australia last year
         our overall performance and engaging regularly with our key     was Connect Corporate Centre, a new office development
         stakeholders.                                                   located in the business precinct of Mascot and only a few
      4. People and community – inspiring and challenging our            minutes from Sydney Airport.
         people, and supporting various community based groups           This four-storey 5,600 sqm office building was designed with
         through the Goodman Foundation.                                 sustainability in mind, and is located adjacent to the new 5 Star
                                                                         Pullman Hotel, another Goodman development. Sustainability
      FY2016 Highlights:
                                                                         features include:
      + Certified green developments completed in Australia,
        New Zealand, Japan, China, Continental Europe, the               + 4 Star Green Star design certification and 4.5 star NABERS
        United Kingdom and the United States;                              Energy rating;
      + Over 16 MW of solar capacity now installed across                + large glass façade to maximise natural light across the
        Goodman’s Japanese portfolio;                                      office floors;
      + 5.5 NABERS Energy rating for Goodman’s head office               + Automated efficient lighting with sensor controls;
        in Sydney;                                                       + Innovative design providing flexible workspaces;
      + Further transition to LED lighting as our standard               + Substantial rainwater harvesting; and
        warehouse lighting;
                                                                         + End-of-trip facilities for cyclists, including bike racks,
      + LEED-certified fitout for Goodman’s Hong Kong office; and
                                                                           lockers and showers, and an on-site gym.
      + Submissions to the Global Real Estate Sustainability
        Benchmark for seven Goodman Partnerships.




      10                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Oakdale Industrial Estate, Sydney, Australia                       Sustainability remained a strong focus in our UK developments
                    At Goodman’s Oakdale Industrial Estate in Western Sydney,          last year, with our development team staying committed to
                    a campus-style feel is attracting customers like DHL Supply        achieving a minimum BREEAM rating of ‘Very Good’ for each
                    Chain, who now occupy six separate facilities at the Estate,       of its new developments.
                    and benefit from easy access to the M4 and M7 motorways.           One project which met this goal in the last twelve months was
                    The two new developments completed during the year for             our 25,000 sqm Angle 265° at Medway Commercial Park in
                    DHL Supply Chain have a combined area of 58,185 sqm and            Kent. This high quality logistics facility incorporates a carbon




For personal use only
                    incorporate a range of sustainability features, including LED      neutral cladding solution and electric car charging points,
                    lighting throughout both of the warehouses. Other sustainability   which helped it achieve a BREAAM rating of ‘Very Good’
                    features include:                                                  and an Energy Performance Certificate ‘A’ rating.
                    + Over 50,000 L of rainwater harvesting capacity for irrigation    Last year, our UK development team also progressed its first
                      and amenities;                                                   development assessment under the “Planet Mark” scheme.
                    + Insulated warehouse walls;                                       This independent third party scheme provides an assessment
                    + Solar hot water heating;                                         of the carbon footprint for a new development throughout its
                    + Light zoning and motion sensors to reduce energy                 life cycle.
                      consumption; and
                    + LED high bay lighting throughout the warehouse.                  In the United States, over 167,000 sqm of new developments
                                                                                       were completed throughout the year, while over 200,000 sqm
                    Goodman Business Park Chiba Newtown, Tokyo, Japan                  were in progress at 30 June 2016. One of these completed
                    Sustainable developments aren’t just about how buildings           developments is the LEED-certified Goodman Commerce
                    function, they must also consider how people use them.             Center Eastvale, Southern California, where electric vehicle
                    In Japan, Goodman’s Business Park in Chiba Newtown, Tokyo          charge points, drought-tolerant landscaping, prismatic skylights
                    was designed with comfort and customer amenity as priorities.      to maximise natural lighting and LED lighting are all featured.
                    Last year we completed Stage 1 of this master-planned, multi-
                    stage development, where a free share bicycle service and a        In Continental Europe, consistency and our commitment to
                    dedicated bus service to the nearest train station will form an    quality were key themes. This continued focus has ensured
                    important part of a dynamic mix of amenities, including retail,    our development product is highly regarded in the European
                    restaurants, café and a child care service.                        market, most notably within the e-commerce sector, where
                                                                                       Goodman has now delivered in excess of 1.5 million sqm
                    The building features high quality internal areas to enhance       of space.
                    comfort, cutting-edge LED lighting throughout the warehouse
                    to reduce power consumption and a large 2.7 MW solar PV            To ensure our properties remain highly competitive, our
                    system on the roof to generate green energy. Sustainability        development teams take a customer-focused approach,
                                                                                       collaborating with them to deliver innovative and sustainable
                    features include:
                                                                                       property solutions. The recently completed 28,000 sqm
                    + 2.7 MW solar PV roof-top solar system;                           logistics property developed for eBay Enterprise at Goodman
                    + LED lighting throughout warehouse and common areas;              Halle Logistics Centre in Germany is one such example.
                    + High quality internal spaces and customer amenity;
                                                                                       The facility achieved a Gold rating under the DGNB rating
                    + High level of green and open space; and
                                                                                       scheme and incorporates a range of sustainable design
                    + Shared bicycle system for commuting from home/train
                                                                                       features including an innovative timber roof structure, energy
                      station to the facility.
                                                                                       efficient fluorescent lighting, efficient internal heating and
                    Fonterra Centre, Auckland, New Zealand                             native plants and landscaping to reduce water consumption.
                    It was a busy year in New Zealand. A number of new                 In China’s booming logistics market, Goodman has remained
                    developments were completed, with a highlight being a new          focused on quality and consistency. We’ve incorporated
                    16,000 sqm head office for Fonterra in Auckland. Working in        fundamental sustainability initiatives into each of our
                    collaboration with Fonterra, Goodman delivered a 5-Star, Green     developments, including the landmark Goodman Qingpu
                    Star purpose-built office complex that is modern, comfortable,     Centre in Shanghai.
                    innovative and highly sustainable.
                                                                                       Completed in December 2015, the Qingpu Centre is
                    Sustainability is woven throughout the design. A large double-     Goodman’s first three-storey distribution facility in China.
                    glazed atrium fills the building with natural light, while a       The 110,000 sqm logistics property is currently targeting LEED
                    variety of workspaces and an internal staircase encourage          certification, and incorporates multiple sustainability features,
                    collaboration across the activity-based work environment.          including skylights across approximately 4% of the roof
                    Sustainability features include:                                   area, providing natural light throughout the warehouse. The
                                                                                       skylights are just one way the building is reducing its energy
                    + 5 Star Green Star Design certification;
                                                                                       consumption, and will be especially effective when partnered
                    + Large atrium and skylight contributing to good natural           with the energy efficient T5 lighting installed in the warehouse.
                      light levels;
                    + Outdoor air supplied from exposed stainless ducts on the
                      north and south external elevations;
                    + Internal green wall irrigated from harvested rainwater; and
                    + Property Council NZ ‘Excellence’ award in commercial
                      category and ‘Merit’ in the green building category.




                                                                  GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                      11
      CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY
      CONTINUED



      Leading by example                                                  Improving performance
      In Hong Kong, our team moved into its new green office space,       Goodman has always seen the performance, presentation and
      where Goodman’s ‘Space To Work’ principles were put into            efficiency of our properties as a core priority. Over the last year,
      practice. The activity-based fitout features a variety of work      we have maintained that focus across the globe.
      spaces, with collaborative sections, private areas, formal
      spaces and relaxed work spaces all designed in to the build.        In Australia, we’ve seen the results of several lighting upgrades
                                                                          completed over the past few years, particularly in car park and
      The result is flexible, but it’s also sustainable. The new office   estate common areas. The business case for lighting upgrades




For personal use only
      has been designed to achieve the LEED Gold Standard                 continued to strengthen, driven by the reduction in energy
      (Commercial Interiors) and incorporates LED lighting with           costs for our customers, the lower cost of LED technologies,
      motion sensors, drinking water filtration and an air purification   lease renewals and long-term asset valuations.
      system. We’ve also used locally sourced and sustainable
      materials internally.                                               Once again, the Buildings Alive energy monitoring system has
                                                                          produced positive results across our Australian office portfolio
                                                                          over the last year. This system tracks live energy consumption
                                                                          data across the portfolio and contributed to a 5% reduction in
                                                                          energy consumption across our office portfolio during the last
                                                                          twelve months.
                                                                          In New Zealand, we transformed Show Place Office Park in
                                                                          Christchurch into a highly sustainable and energy efficient
                                                                          office asset. The upgrade aimed to both reduce operational
                                                                          costs and the building’s carbon footprint, to create a healthier
                                                                          environment for staff. It worked. This successfully achieved an
                                                                          approximate 40% reduction in energy consumption and New
                                                                          Zealand’s first 5 star NABERS Energy whole building rating.
                                                                          Key sustainable features include a Variable Refrigerant Flow
                                                                          HVAC system with heat recovery, CO2 sensors, LED lighting,
                                                                          daylight harvesting and occupancy sensors.
                                                                          In Asia, our Property Services team in Hong Kong participated
                                                                          in the Power Smart Programme, which aimed to increase
                                                                          awareness and identify improvement opportunities across
                                                                          the Hong Kong portfolio. When we implemented the results,
                                                                          seven Goodman properties recorded energy reductions of
                                                                          5% or more.
                                                                          The improvements continued on projects outside of the
                                                                          scope of the Power Smart Programme. LED lighting upgrades
                                                                          with sensor controls at Goodman’s Tuen Mun Distribution
                                                                          Centre and the Western Plaza were just one example, a move
                                                                          estimated to save approximately HK$750,000 p.a. in energy
                                                                          costs across the two properties.
                                                                          In Continental Europe, we also focused on lighting, by
                                                                          continuing upgrades to LEDs across our portfolio. Several
                                                                          upgrade projects were completed during the year, and once
                                                                          complete, our European portfolio will consist of approximately
                                                                          1 million sqm of space equipped with LED lighting.
                                                                          Shorter term, these upgrades will reduce our customers’
                                                                          energy consumption and associated energy costs, while
                                                                          long term they will increase leasing competitiveness and
                                                                          property values.




      12                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Renewable energy in Japan                                        THE GOODMAN FOUNDATION
                    The market conditions in Japan support investment in             The Goodman Foundation has continued to grow over the
                    renewable energy on the roof tops of our buildings. Last year    last year, delivering significant strategic projects to support
                    we installed a further 2.7 MW of solar PV capacity on the roof   disadvantaged groups and vulnerable communities in the
                    of the recently completed Goodman Business Park at Chiba         locations where we operate. The Goodman Foundation is
                    Newtown, Tokyo.                                                  represented across Australia, New Zealand, Greater China,
                                                                                     the United Kingdom, France, Belgium, Germany, Poland,
                    This latest installation increases Goodman’s solar PV capacity




For personal use only
                                                                                     Japan and the United States.
                    in Japan to over 16 MW of renewable energy.
                                                                                     Many of our community partners not only benefit from
                    Australian greenhouse gas emissions                              receiving Foundation cash grants, but also through fundraising
                    The year saw a decrease in greenhouse gas emissions for          and volunteer support from Goodman staff. During 2016, the
                    Goodman’s Australian operations. The reduction in emissions      Goodman Foundation supported over 70 charity partners
                    to an estimated 39,548 tCO2-e was mainly due to further          within five distinct pillars of contribution:
                    sub-metering of customer power consumption, increased
                    efficiencies across the portfolio, and asset sales completed     + Cash grants: Which are provided on a project-by-project
                    during the year.                                                   basis to ensure tangible outcomes that will deliver
                                                                                       a meaningful impact within the community. We work
                    Our calculation includes scope 1 and 2 emissions generated         closely with our charitable partners to identify, scope
                    from Goodman’s Australian property and building management         and deliver capital projects that will build the capacity
                    services, as well as assets owned directly by Goodman and          of the organisation or enhance the lives of people less
                    those within our Australian managed Partnerships. Where sub-       privileged around the world;
                    metering allows, this does not include the GHG emissions of      + In-kind contributions: Include the provision of skilled
                    our customers.                                                     expertise, office fitouts and the provision of short-term
                                                                                       and long-term warehouse and office facilities for our
                                                                                       charitable partners;
                                                                                     + good+heart: Which is a staff engagement programme
                                                                                       where the Goodman team are provided with the
                                                                                       opportunity to volunteer with a partnered charity or
                                                                                       undertake other activity to support the fundraising efforts
                                                                                       of a community partner. Over the 2016 year, more than
                                                                                       50 good+heart opportunities were taken up by close to
                                                                                       half of the Goodman Group team around the world. The
                                                                                       Goodman Foundation provides support to participants
                                                                                       of good+heart by funding the activity costs, making a
                                                                                       cash donation to the cause and providing participants
                                                                                       with time off work, in addition to sourcing and organising
                                                                                       opportunities for their participation throughout the year;
                                                                                     + good+deeds: Is our workplace giving programme. The
                                                                                       Goodman Foundation will match dollar for dollar the payroll
                                                                                       donations made by team members to charities they have
                                                                                       nominated. In addition, special purpose good+deeds
                                                                                       fundraising is undertaken to support communities in
                                                                                       times of crisis such as the devastation caused by natural
                                                                                       disasters. In 2016, good+deeds fundraising supported the
                                                                                       refugee crisis impacting Syria and the communities in Fiji
                                                                                       following the destruction caused by Cyclone Winston; and
                                                                                     + Employee fundraising: Is undertaken by the Goodman team
                                                                                       for particular causes they feel passionate about, supporting
                                                                                       the efforts of the Goodman Foundation and participating
                                                                                       in other worthwhile opportunities to make a difference in
                                                                                       a meaningful way. Fundraising activities during the year
                                                                                       ranged from ‘Fruity Fridays’ to the Goodman ‘Bake Off’.




                                                                 GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                      13
      CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY AND SUSTAINABILITY
      CONTINUED



      OzHarvest: A royal visit                                            Cerebral Palsy Alliance: Steptember
      The Goodman Foundation was proud to see one of our                  The Goodman Foundation is the exclusive global partner in
      founding charitable partners OzHarvest, receive a royal             2016 for Cerebral Palsy Alliance’s major fundraising initiative,
      visit by Her Royal Highness The Duchess of Cornwall in              Steptember. The new partnership builds on our ongoing global
      November 2015.                                                      support of the Steptember event since 2014 and we’re proudly
                                                                          promoting this through our ‘Count Us In’ campaign. This is
      The Duchess arrived at the purpose-built Goodman warehouse          an inclusive and engaging campaign created to encourage
      in Alexandria, South Sydney and was greeted by a contingent




For personal use only
                                                                          our staff and business partners, such as customers, agents
      from Goodman and OzHarvest, along with many OzHarvest               and suppliers, to make a meaningful difference and positively
      volunteers dressed in their distinct bright yellow.                 impact the lives of people with cerebral palsy and their families.
      During the visit, The Duchess, along with Mrs Kerryn Baird,         Steptember is an online health and wellness campaign
      wife of NSW Premier The Hon Mike Baird, was shown the               where teams of four attempt to walk 10,000 steps each day
      unique Goodman space. This was designed and funded                  throughout September. The initiative will engage around 90,000
      by the Goodman Foundation in 2014, where OzHarvest’s                participants across the world and has raised over $9.3 million
      purpose to ‘Nourish Our Country’ comes to life through              in Australia and close to $12 million globally since it was
      their food rescue, nutrition education and community                launched in 2010. Fundraising targets for 2016 have been set
      engagement programmes.                                              at A$5 million and Goodman has mobilised more than half of
      Her Royal Highness chose to visit OzHarvest to see their            its global workforce and influenced many of our associated
      innovative work in food rescue and food security, having saved      business partners to join us in the pursuit of this leading health
      more than 14 million kilograms of food from ending up in landfill   and wellness charity event.
      and delivering more than 50 million meals to people in need         In addition, the Goodman Foundation provided funding to
      across Australia.                                                   Cerebral Palsy Alliance in 2016 to renovate their Ryde facility
      During the visit, The Duchess met with young students from          including the installation of a gymnasium to support the health
      troubled backgrounds, who are changing their lives through          and well-being services offered to their clients.
      OzHarvest’s Nourish programme. Her Royal Highness also              Rob White, CEO, Cerebral Palsy Alliance said, “I would like
      thanked the more than 100 OzHarvest supporters who were             to personally recognise and thank Goodman for their long
      present at the distinguished occasion, for their passion,           standing support and contribution to Cerebral Palsy Alliance
      dedication and commitment to improving the environment              and Steptember. Our partnership with Goodman began
      and helping those less fortunate in the community.                  some 13 years ago, and I am delighted that Goodman has
      “We are honoured that The Duchess could experience and              extended their support this year as exclusive global partner
      witness first-hand how we ‘Nourish Our Country’ through             for Steptember 2016. Over the years, Goodman has been
      our food rescue, education and engagement programmes.               instrumental in helping us raise vital funds to support our
      To take the time on her trip to visit our fantastic warehouse HQ,   mission to build better futures for individuals living with
      provided with love by Goodman in Alexandria, and to learn           disability”.
      more about what OzHarvest does, what we have achieved to
      date, and to share it with the world will make an enormous
      difference to our organisation and to the people who we touch
      every single day through the act of generosity.”, Ronni Kahn,
      CEO and Founder, OzHarvest, said.




      14                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    DIVERSITY                                                          INTERNAL COMMUNICATIONS
                    Goodman’s Diversity Strategy aims to create an inclusive and       Reviewed our career progression programme
                    transparent work environment that is free of harassment and        We consulted with participants to review our Future+Women
                    discrimination, where all employees can contribute equally         programme in Australia to help it better address barriers to
                    to our commercial goals. We operate in geographically and          women’s career progression. We made changes to allow
                    culturally diverse markets and we recognise and celebrate          women to more effectively drive their own career development
                    the differences that exist in them. We also take the Goodman       and to access one-on-one coaching. We stress the importance




For personal use only
                    Corporate Values seriously and strive to blend these behaviours    of employees managing their own career development and
                    into the way we interact every day with each other, our            proactively seeking assistance.
                    customers and investors.
                                                                                       Boosted management skills
                    Gender representation
                                                                                       Following its successful introduction in Australia in 2015,
                    Our Diversity Strategy not only recognises the differences         Maximise, a structured management development programme,
                    in people but also considers the career development of all         was launched in China during the year. Among other
                    employees. However, an important long-term objective is to         skills, Maximise encourages senior managers to consider
                    increase the representation of female employees at senior          geographical and cultural diversities in relation to how
                    management levels in all regions.                                  they manage teams, while also focusing on mentoring and
                    As an important step towards this, in 2013 we set aspirational     conducting effective performance reviews. Our Continental
                    targets for women in senior executive roles. In contrast with      Europe business is well advanced in delivering structured
                    previous years, the number of women in senior executive roles      management development, through both internal and
                    at Goodman slightly decreased in the 2016 financial year.          external training.

                    We consider employees one level below the executive category       Implemented online learning
                    to be the future leaders of the business and the female            We implemented more online learning through Lynda.com,
                    representation of this group remained constant in 2016.            where employees can access a diverse range of work related
                                                                                       training, including presentation skills, technical skills and
                    We see the path to increased female representation at              other critical elements of the way we work here at Goodman.
                    executive levels within Goodman as being a combination             We now define learning by it being technical, skills based or
                    of targeted recruitment, developing the skills of managers to      compliance related so that we are clear about what is required.
                    coach and mentor, and creating a work culture that encourages      This will continue to evolve over the coming years.
                    people to fully develop their skills.
                                                                                       Our employment policies were reviewed to ensure barriers to
                    Recent highlights                                                  participation are minimised through policies such as parental
                    Relaunched the Goodman Values                                      leave and flexible work. Flexible work arrangements are
                    Over the past twelve months we have relaunched our Corporate       growing more common at Goodman and are reinforced by
                    Values through an internal communications programme, entitled      our ‘Space To Work’ office model. This includes providing
                    “Success is in our GNA”. The purpose of the programme is to        employees with the appropriate technology and tools to allow
                    generate greater awareness and understanding of our Values         them to work efficiently and seamlessly outside the office.
                    with the view to driving continuous improvement by ensuring        Strengthened alignment between performance and
                    greater alignment between our Values and behaviours, both          reward
                    internally and externally. The programme has been rolled out
                    globally to all employees via an integrated communications         We also continued to align performance and reward, and
                    programme which will continue to evolve through various            have a long-term scheme that all employees around the world
                    phases. We recently conducted Global Brand Research among          participate in. We strive to ensure that no fixed remuneration
                    our key internal and external stakeholders, the results of which   disparity exists for male and female employees doing the
                    were very good and demonstrated a good understanding of the        same job, and use incentive compensation to drive people to
                    Values among staff. We are now using the findings of this report   succeed.
                    to help shape the future direction of the programme.
                    Goodman’s Values centre around respect, appreciating each
                    other’s contribution, recognising differences between people,
                    working as a team, demonstrating drive and determination,
                    being customer focused and innovative, but all against a
                    context of being honest, fair and clear with one another. How
                    an employee demonstrates these behaviours is now part of the
                    performance review process and we have made sure that our
                    expectations are clearly displayed and referred to in actions
                    and words.
                    Improved performance management
                    The effectiveness of our performance management system to
                    assess employees’ performance against their objectives was
                    also upgraded and improved during the year. Employees were
                    strongly encouraged to outline their career aspirations and
                    create plans to achieve them. The usage of the performance
                    management platform has been greater than before, as a
                    better process means better outcomes for employees. In
                    2017, we plan to link a wider talent management platform to
                    the performance management platform. The Values represent
                    a portion of the overall review to reinforce their importance.



                                                                 GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                      15
      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

      Goodman’s Corporate Governance Statement can be viewed on our website at
      http://www.goodman.com/about-us/corporate-governance/statement




For personal use only



      16                                        GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    GOODMAN LIMITED AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                    CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016



                    Contents                                                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                    Directors’ report                                          18   Basis of preparation
                    Lead auditor’s independence declaration                    44    1 Basis of preparation                          51
                                                                                    Results for the year
                    Consolidated statement of financial position               45
                                                                                     2 Profit before income tax                      53
                    Consolidated income statement                              46    3 Profit per security                           55




For personal use only
                    Consolidated statement of comprehensive income             47    4 Segment reporting                             56
                    Consolidated statement of changes in equity                48    5 Income tax                                    57
                    Consolidated cash flow statement                           50   Operating assets and liabilities
                                                                                     6 Property assets                               59
                                                                                     7 Receivables                                   67
                                                                                     8 Payables                                      67
                                                                                     9 Provisions                                    68
                                                                                    10 Goodwill and intangible assets                68
                                                                                    Capital management
                                                                                    11 Net finance expense                           73
                                                                                    12 Interest bearing liabilities                  74
                                                                                    13 Other financial assets and liabilities        76
                                                                                    14 Financial risk management                     77
                                                                                    15 Dividends and distributions                   83
                                                                                    16 Issued capital                                84
                                                                                    Other items
                                                                                    17 Notes to the cash flow statement              86
                                                                                    18 Reserves                                      87
                                                                                    19 Retained earnings/(accumulated losses)        88
                                                                                    20 Other non-controlling interests               88
                                                                                    21 Controlled entities                           89
                                                                                    22 Related parties                               91
                                                                                    23 Commitments                                   92
                                                                                    24 Auditors’ remuneration                        92
                                                                                    25 Parent Entity disclosures                     93
                                                                                    26 Events subsequent to balance date             93
                                                                                    Directors’ declaration                           94
                                                                                    Independent auditor’s report                     95




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                  17
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT

      The directors (Directors) of Goodman Limited (Company) present their Directors’ report together with the consolidated financial
      report of the Company and the entities it controlled (Goodman or Consolidated Entity) at the end of, or during, the financial year
      ended 30 June 2016 and the audit report thereon.
      Shares in the Company, units in Goodman Industrial Trust (GIT) and CHESS Depositary Interests (CDIs) over shares in Goodman
      Logistics (HK) Limited (GLHK) are stapled to one another and are quoted as a single security on the Australian Securities
      Exchange (ASX).




For personal use only
      Principal activities
      Goodman is a global integrated property group and one of the world’s leading listed industrial property groups. Goodman is
      focused on its proven business model of owning, developing and managing industrial property and business space in key markets
      around the world.
      The principal activities of Goodman during the course of the current financial year were investment in directly and indirectly held
      industrial property, property services, property development (including development management) and investment management.
      The principal markets in which the Consolidated Entity operated during the financial year were Australia and New Zealand, Asia,
      Continental Europe, United Kingdom and the Americas.
      Directors
      The Directors at any time during, or since the end of, the financial year were:
      Directors                                                                                                                                 Appointment date
      Mr Ian Ferrier, AM (Independent Chairman)                                                                                         1 September 2003
      Mr Gregory Goodman (Group Chief Executive Officer)                                                                                    7 August 1998
      Mr Philip Fan (Independent Director)                                                                                               1 December 2011
      Mr John Harkness (Independent Director)                                                                                            23 February 2005
      Ms Anne Keating (Independent Director)                                                                                             23 February 2005
      Ms Rebecca McGrath (Independent Director)                                                                                               3 April 2012
      Mr Philip Pearce (Managing Director, Greater China)                                                           1 January 2013 (resigned 12 July 2016)
      Mr Danny Peeters (Executive Director, Corporate)                                                                                     1 January 2013
      Mr Phillip Pryke (Independent Director)                                                                                             13 October 2010
      Mr Anthony Rozic (Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer)                                                                              1 January 2013
      Mr Jim Sloman, OAM (Independent Director)                                                                                           1 February 2006
      Details of the Directors’ qualifications and experience are set out on pages 40 to 43 in this Directors’ report.
      Company Secretary
      The Company Secretary at any time during, or since the end of, the financial year was:
      Company Secretary                                                                                                                         Appointment date
      Mr Carl Bicego                                                                                                                            24 October 2006

      Details of the Company Secretary’s qualifications and experience are set out on page 43 in this Directors’ report.
      Directors’ meetings
      The number of Directors’ meetings held (including meetings of committees of Directors) and the number of meetings attended by
      each of the Directors during the financial year were:
      			                                                                                                   Remuneration and
      		                            Audit Committee                                                       Nomination Committee           Risk and Compliance
                  Board meetings        meetings                                                               meetings                  Committee meetings
      Directors Held1    Attended2 Held1     Attended                                                      Held1     Attended             Held1     Attended
      Mr Ian Ferrier                               11             11             4              4             3              3              –              –
      Mr Gregory Goodman                           11             11             –              –             –              –              –              –
      Mr Philip Fan                                11             11             4              4             –              –              4              4
      Mr John Harkness                             11             11             4              4             –              –              4              4
      Ms Anne Keating                              11             10             –              –             3              3              4              4
      Ms Rebecca McGrath                           11             11             –              –             3              3              4              4
      Mr Philip Pearce3                            11             10             –              –             –              –              –              –
      Mr Danny Peeters                             11             10             –              –             –              –              –              –
      Mr Phillip Pryke                             11             11             4              4             3              3              –              –
      Mr Anthony Rozic                             11              9             –              –             –              –              –              –
      Mr Jim Sloman                                11             11             –              –             3              3              4              4
    1. Reflects the number of meetings individuals were entitled to attend.
    2. Each Director attended every scheduled meeting. Several additional meetings were held on short notice for which some Directors were unable to
       attend. However, they were able to review papers and provide their input into the meeting. At all times, there was a majority of independent Directors at
       all meetings.
    3. Mr Philip Pearce resigned as a Director on 12 July 2016.




      18                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating and financial review
                    Goodman strategy
                    Goodman’s vision is to be a global leader in industrial property. This vision is executed through the integrated
                    own+develop+manage business model, which are supported by five strategic pillars. These pillars are:
                    + Quality partnerships – develop and maintain strong relationships with key stakeholders including customers, investment
                      partners, suppliers and employees;




For personal use only
                    + Quality product and service – deliver high quality product and customer service in key logistics markets globally by actively
                      leveraging Goodman’s industrial sector expertise, development and management experience and global operating platform;
                    + Culture and brand – promote Goodman’s unique and recognisable brand and embed Goodman’s core values across each
                      operating division to foster a strong and consistent culture;
                    + Operational efficiency – optimise business resources to ensure effectiveness and drive efficiencies; and
                    + Capital efficiency – maintain active capital management to facilitate appropriate returns and sustainability of the business.



                    Integrated business model




                              Goodman buys property for the                                             Goodman’s tailor-made developments
                              long-term, which provides both                                             in each region are designed to meet
                            ongoing relationships with customers                                           the individual needs of customers
                              and investment opportunities for                                            and supply new investment options
                                the managed partnerships.                                                          for capital partners.




                                                                Goodman’s in-house property services
                                                               teams ensure that customers’ operational
                                                                  needs are met and asset portfolios
                                                                   are maintained to an exceptional
                                                                      standard for our customers
                                                                        and investment needs.




                                                                  GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                    19
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      CONTINUED



      Financial highlights
                                                                                                                                               Consolidated
                                                                                                                       2016                2015       % Change
      Revenue and other income before fair value adjustments on investment properties ($M)                         2,069.6             1,618.7                 27.9
      Fair value adjustments on investment properties including share of adjustments
      for associates and joint ventures ($M)                                                                         874.4               737.9                 18.5
      Revenue and other income ($M)                                                                                2,944.0             2,356.6                 24.9




For personal use only
      Profit attributable to Securityholders ($M)                                                                  1,274.6             1,208.0                   5.5
      Total comprehensive income attributable to Securityholders ($M)                                              1,278.4             1,408.0                  (9.2)
      Operating profit ($M)                                                                                          714.5               653.5                   9.3
      Basic profit per security (¢)                                                                                   72.0                69.2                   4.0
      Operating profit per security (operating EPS) (¢)1                                                              40.1                37.2                   7.8
      Dividends/distributions in relation to the financial year ($M)2                                                425.8               388.3                   9.7
      Dividend/distribution per security in relation to the financial year (¢)2                                       24.0                22.2                   8.1
      Weighted average number of securities on issue (M)                                                           1,770.3             1,745.3                   1.4
      Total equity attributable to Securityholders ($M)                                                            8,067.5             7,050.3                 14.4
      Number of securities on issue (M)                                                                            1,778.3             1,753.0                   1.4
      Net tangible assets per security ($)3                                                                           4.10                3.46                 18.5
      Net assets per security ($)3                                                                                    4.54                4.02                 12.9
      Gearing (%)4                                                                                                    11.8                17.3                (31.8)
      Liquidity ($M)                                                                                               2,552.2             1,793.3                 42.3
      Weighted average debt maturity (years)                                                                           4.4                 4.7                  (6.4)
    1. Operating profit per security (operating EPS) is the operating profit divided by the weighted average number of securities on issue during the year ended
       30 June 2016 (FY16), including securities relating to performance rights that have not yet vested but where the performance hurdles have been achieved.
    2. Dividend/distribution per security includes a dividend of 1.0 cent per security amounting to $17.8 million declared by GLHK on 11 August 2016. While
       this dividend is in relation to the Consolidated Entity’s FY16 performance, it will only be accounted for in the year ending 30 June 2017 (FY17).
    3.		Net tangible assets and net assets per security are stated after deducting amounts due to other non-controlling interests.
    4.		Gearing is calculated as total interest bearing liabilities over total assets, both net of cash and the asset component of the fair values of cross currency
       interest rate swaps used to hedge foreign liabilities denominated in currencies other than those to which the proceeds are applied equating to
       $258.2 million – refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

      Operating profit
      Operating profit comprises profit attributable to Securityholders                and valuations in the managed partnerships have more than
      adjusted for net property valuations gains, non-property                         offset the impact of asset rotation, such that the book value of
      impairment losses, net gains/losses from the fair value                          Goodman’s portfolios increased to over $34 billion at 30 June
      movements on derivative financial instruments and unrealised                     2016. Property fundamentals remain sound, with occupancy
      foreign exchange movements on interest bearing liabilities                       levels maintained at 96% and ongoing rental growth in most
      and other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring items. While                     of Goodman’s markets. As a consequence, investment
      operating profit is not an income measure under International                    earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) for the year increased
      Financial Reporting Standards, the Directors consider it is                      by $12.0 million to $406.6 million.
      a useful means through which to examine the underlying
      performance of the Consolidated Entity.                                          Development activities were again a strong driver of earnings
                                                                                       growth and development EBIT for the year increased by
      The Consolidated Entity reports an operating profit of                           $109.5 million to $366.1 million. This was facilitated by
      $714.5 million for FY16, a 9.3% increase on the prior year,                      the funding from asset rotation in Goodman’s managed
      which equates to an operating EPS of 40.1 cents, up 7.8% on                      partnerships as well as further investment in those partnerships
      the prior year. Goodman continues to benefit from its globally                   by Goodman’s global investment partners. Growth has
      diversified platform, with international operations contributing                 been particularly strong in Continental Europe and North
      59% of operating earnings before interest and tax and                            America, which represented 52% of Goodman’s development
      unallocated operating expenses.                                                  commencements in FY16. At 30 June 2016, Goodman’s
                                                                                       development work in progress had increased to $3.4 billion.
      In relation to investment activities, asset rotation continued
      during FY16, with $3.0 billion being realised from disposals,                    Management activity levels also remained strong in FY16,
      including urban renewal settlements. These proceeds have                         with external assets under management (AUM) increasing by
      been used to pay down debt and also to provide funding                           16% to $29.3 billion, as development completions and growth
      for developments, which have improved the overall quality                        in asset pricing more than offset the impact of asset rotation.
      of the portfolios. During FY16, development completions                          Management EBIT for the year increased by $41.1 million
                                                                                       to $166.3 million.




      20                                                     GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Statutory profit
                    Goodman’s statutory profit attributable to Securityholders for FY16 is $1,274.6 million, an increase of $66.6 million compared
                    with the prior year. The items that reconcile Goodman’s operating profit to the statutory profit include net property valuation
                    gains and intangible asset impairments, net gains/ losses from the fair value movements on derivative financial instruments and
                    unrealised foreign exchange movements on interest bearing liabilities and other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring items,
                    which mainly relate to Goodman’s Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP), profit on disposal of investment properties and the transfer of
                    currency losses from the foreign currency translation reserve to the income statement on the restructure of the Brazil operations




For personal use only
                    (refer to note 21).
                    The reconciliation of operating profit to profit attributable to Securityholders for FY16 is set out in the table below:
                             Consolidated
                    		2016                2015
                      Note $M              $M
                    Operating profit		                                                                                                714.5        653.5
                    Adjustments for:
                    Property valuation gains and impairments of intangible assets
                    – Net gain from fair value adjustments on investment properties                      6(e)                         327.8        515.9
                    – Share of net gains from fair value adjustments attributable to
                       investment properties in associates and joint ventures after tax                    2                           546.6       222.0
                    – Impairment losses                                                                    2                          (249.1)       (28.2)
                    – Deferred tax on fair value adjustments on investment properties		                                                 (20.4)          –
                    Total property valuation gains and impairments of intangible assets		                                              604.9       709.7
                    Derivative mark to market and unrealised foreign exchange movements
                    – Fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                         11                           106.1         53.6
                    – Share of fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments in associates
                       and joint ventures                                                                  2                             5.6         6.6
                    – Unrealised foreign exchange losses                                                 11                            (30.2)     (160.0)
                    Total derivative mark to market and unrealised foreign exchange movements		                                         81.5       (99.8)
                    Other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring items
                    – Share based payments expense                                                         2                           (66.9)       (51.0)
                    – Net capital losses not distributed and tax deferred adjustments		                                                (68.1)         (5.2)
                    – Profit on disposal of investment properties		                                                                       9.5            –
                    – Straight lining of rental income		                                                                                 (0.8)         0.8
                    Total other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring items		                                                        (126.3)       (55.4)
                    Profit attributable to Securityholders		                                                                        1,274.6      1,208.0




                                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                   21
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      CONTINUED



      The most significant property valuation gains relate to                Development earnings comprise development income
      Goodman’s urban renewal activities in the Australia division,          (including development management fees), income from
      where assets have been externally valued to reflect their              sales of properties (primarily inventories but also including
      highest and best use following changes in zoning. Valuation            investment properties under development and disposals of
      gains have been recorded in most of Goodman’s divisions as             special purpose entities) and the Consolidated Entity’s share
      strong investment markets have favourably impacted asset               of the operating results of managed partnerships for those
      pricing. An impairment of intangible assets of $204.6 million          partnerships whose principal activity is property development,




For personal use only
      relates to the management rights in the United Kingdom –               net of development expenses, inventory cost of sales and
      Business Parks division, which have been fully impaired as a           employee and administrative expenses. The key drivers for
      result of the decision to sell the assets in the Arlington Business    Goodman’s development earnings are the level of development
      Parks Partnership (ABPP).                                              activity and development margins, the continued availability of
                                                                             third party capital to fund development activity and, to some
      The statutory profit includes unrealised fair value gains of           extent, property valuations.
      $106.1 million on derivative financial instruments (of which
      $66.3 million relates to foreign currency translation impacts)         Management earnings comprise investment management
      and $30.2 million of unrealised foreign exchange losses on             and property services fees, net of employee and
      interest bearing liabilities. Therefore the net foreign currency       administrative expenses. The key drivers for maintaining
      impact reported in the income statement is a $36.1 million             or growing management earnings are activity levels, asset
      gain. However, offsetting this in the consolidated statement of        performance, and increasing the level of AUM, which can be
      comprehensive income is a net loss of $33.4 million relating           impacted by property valuations and is also dependent on
      to the foreign currency translation of the net assets of foreign       the continued availability of third party capital to fund both
      operations, which is booked in reserves and not recognised in          development activity and acquisitions across Goodman’s
      statutory profit attributable to Securityholders.                      managed partnerships.
      This situation arises because Goodman’s policy is to hedge                                                                  Consolidated
      between 65% and 90% of the net assets of these foreign                                                                   2016            2015
      operations. Where the Consolidated Entity invests in foreign                                                              $M              $M
      assets, it will borrow in that currency or enter into derivative       Analysis of operating profit
      financial instruments to create a similar liability. In so doing,      Investment                                       406.6             394.6
      the Consolidated Entity minimises its net asset and income             Management                                       166.3             125.2
      exposures to those currencies. The unrealised fair value               Development                                      366.1             256.6
      movement of the derivative financial instruments (up or down)          Unallocated operating expenses                    (60.3)            (59.3)
      is recorded in the income statement; however, the foreign
      currency translation of the net investment that is being hedged        Operating profit before net finance
      is recorded directly in reserves.                                      expense and income tax expense                   878.7             717.1
                                                                             Net finance expense (operating)1                  (88.9)            (21.4)
      Analysis of business unit performance                                  Income tax expense2                               (55.2)            (21.0)
      Goodman’s operational performance may be analysed                                                                       734.6             674.7
      into investment earnings, development earnings and                     Less: Attributable to
      management earnings.                                                   non-controlling interests                         (20.1)            (21.2)
      Investment earnings comprise gross property income, net                Operating profit                                 714.5             653.5
      of property expenses, the Consolidated Entity’s share of               Interest cover3 (times)                             5.5               6.0
      the operating results of managed partnerships for those
                                                                            1. Net finance expense (operating) excludes derivative mark to market
      investments in entities whose principal activity is property             and unrealised foreign exchange movements.
      investment and distributions the Consolidated Entity receives         2. Income tax expense excludes the deferred tax movements relating to
      from its investments in other financial assets. The key drivers          investment property valuations.
      for maintaining or growing Goodman’s investment earnings              3. Interest cover is operating profit before net finance expense and
      are increasing the level of AUM (subject also to Goodman’s               income tax (EBIT) divided by net finance expense (before capitalised
      direct and indirect interest), maintaining or increasing                 borrowing costs).
      occupancy and rental levels within the portfolio, and changes
      in financing arrangements. An increase in the level of AUM is
      also linked to development activity and management activity
      described hereafter.




      22                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Investment                                                         Development
                    The investment business performed in line with expectations        Goodman’s development business continued to be a key
                    resulting in investment operating EBIT of $406.6 million, an       driver of outperformance, with significant activity across
                    increase of 3.0% compared to the prior year. The investment        all the operating divisions benefiting from the demand for
                    business comprises 43% of total operating EBIT before              prime, well-located logistics space. Development EBIT was
                    unallocated operating expenses (2015: 51%).                        $366.1 million, an increase of 42.7% compared to the prior
                                                                                       year, and comprises 39% of total operating EBIT before
                    During FY16, Goodman experienced sound underlying property




For personal use only
                                                                                       unallocated expenses (2015: 33%). Goodman’s development
                    fundamentals across its operating divisions. Like for like         work in progress (including managed partnerships) increased
                    rental growth was 1.9% and robust leasing activity resulted        to $3.4 billion (based on end value) across 81 projects in 14
                    in 3.4 million square metres of space being leased across          countries with a forecast yield on cost of 7.8%. This reflects
                    the portfolio globally, equating to $356.5 million of annual net   the robust underlying domestic consumption in major global
                    property income. A feature of the leasing success was the          gateway cities; growth in e-commerce and other ongoing
                    level of pre-leasing activity on uncommitted developments in       structural changes; and customer focus on increasing
                    a number of Goodman’s markets, including China, Japan and          operational and supply chain efficiencies.
                    the United Kingdom, which resulted in 84% of developments
                    pre-committed on completion. Additionally, retention rates for     Key highlights for FY16 include North America, which now
                    existing customers remained high at 79%. This has ensured          contributes 12% of the Consolidated Entity’s development
                    that overall occupancy was maintained at 96%, with the             work in progress, with 367,000 square metres of new project
                    weighted average lease expiry at 4.7 years.                        commencements in FY16. This contribution will continue to
                                                                                       increase with development activity growing in response to
                    Total AUM increased to over $34 billion as at 30 June              customer demand, which is driving the division’s development
                    2016, predominantly driven by $3.2 billion of development          and investment pipeline towards US$3 billion.
                    completions and increased valuations. The current low interest
                    rate environment is driving the ongoing demand and stronger        Continental Europe was also a key contributor to Goodman’s
                    pricing of property assets and this has been reflected in          development revenue growth and continues to perform
                    Goodman’s total investment return for FY16 of 18.7%. For           strongly, with occupancy at 98%. Significant customer
                    the managed partnerships, the total investment return in           demand for new developments resulted in commencements
                    FY16 was greater than 20%.                                         of 920,000 square metres with 90% pre-committed.
                                                                                       Europe and the Americas represented 52% of development
                    Goodman has continued to take advantage of the market              commencements in FY16.
                    demand for industrial property assets with further selective
                    asset rotation across most of its operating divisions. Goodman     In China, Goodman completed the transfer of the majority of
                    and its managed partnerships disposed of $2.2 billion of           its land bank and developments to Goodman China Logistics
                    property assets (excluding urban renewal sites) in FY16, the       Partnership (GCLP) in the first half of FY16 and the approach
                    most significant disposals being in Australia and Continental      remains focused on selective, quality developments in targeted
                    Europe. This is providing capital for reinvestment into new        economic centres, with strong ongoing demand for quality
                    assets arising from the development opportunities sourced          logistics space from e-commerce and third party logistics
                    from Goodman’s own development business, improving overall         customers. In Japan, following the pre-leasing success of
                    portfolio and income quality.                                      Stage 1 of Goodman Business Park, Chiba, the focus is on the
                                                                                       further build out of the site, with the development of Stage 2
                    In regard to Goodman’s urban renewal strategy, $0.8 billion        comprising 125,000 square metres. Stage 1 has been acquired
                    of sites in Sydney have now settled, with a further $1.0 billion   by Goodman Japan Core Partnership (GJCP) subsequent to
                    of settlements expected in FY17.                                   the end of the financial year.
                    Property valuations                                                In the United Kingdom, Goodman UK Partnership’s
                    The strength of investment markets in most of Goodman’s            develop-to-hold strategy is progressing well, with the first
                    regions resulted in Goodman’s share of property valuation          two developments totalling 55,000 square metres reaching
                    gains being in excess of $0.8 billion, with the weighted average   completion in FY16.
                    capitalisation rate tightening from 7.0% to 6.4% during FY16.
                    Approximately 33% of the property valuation gains arose from       Finally, with 100% ownership of the Brazil operating platform
                    the valuations of urban renewal properties in Australia.           secured during the second half of FY16, Goodman will pursue
                                                                                       its strategy of creating and growing a platform with investment
                                                                                       partners, in line with its global model. This will focus on
                                                                                       undertaking selective logistics developments in the key São
                                                                                       Paulo and Rio de Janeiro markets, and targeted investment
                                                                                       or value add opportunities.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                     23
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      CONTINUED



      Management                                                           Operating costs
      During FY16, the management division contributed revenue             The Consolidated Entity has continued to review its operations
      of $259.7 million, which included base management fees,              for efficiencies, with headcount maintained in most regions
      performance fees and fees from transactional activity, and           and new hires targeted at growth markets in Greater China
      operating EBIT of $166.3 million. Management EBIT increased          and North America.
      32.8% compared to the prior year and in FY16 comprised
      18% of total operating EBIT before unallocated expenses              Net finance expense (operating)




For personal use only
      (2015: 16%).                                                         Net finance expense (operating), which excludes derivative
                                                                           mark to market and unrealised foreign exchange movements,
      The size and scale of Goodman’s management operations                increased compared to the prior year, principally for two
      are important for revenue growth and during the year external        reasons. The first is the impact of currency translation on
      AUM increased by 16% from $25.2 billion to $29.3 billion.            the interest costs from Goodman’s US dollar and Japanese
      This growth reflected both valuation uplifts and development         yen denominated debt and the second is the lower level of
      completions and was notwithstanding the asset rotation               capitalised interest, due to the increase in development activity
      initiatives undertaken across the platform. In FY16, the             undertaken directly by the managed partnerships’ rather than
      managed partnerships completed $1.9 billion of asset                 by Goodman.
      disposals, which has provided a significant source of capital for
      the develop-to-hold strategy that has been widely implemented        Capital management
      across the managed partnership platform.                             Goodman has maintained its prudent approach to
      Investment partners are attracted by Goodman’s proven ability        capital management.
      to drive strong ongoing total returns and deliver long-term value    Gearing at 30 June 2016 decreased to 11.8% (30 June 2015:
      creation. The develop-to-hold strategy continues to improve          17.3%), facilitated by the receipt of $0.8 billion proceeds from
      the overall portfolio quality and therefore the maintainability of   urban renewal disposals, and interest cover for FY16 was
      rental income, with Goodman’s investment partners gaining            5.5 times (2015: 6.0 times), providing significant headroom
      access to growth opportunities in prime locations that are not       relative to the Consolidated Entity’s financing covenants. Lower
      typically available on the open market. In FY16, the continued       gearing targets are deemed appropriate by Goodman given the
      support of global investment partners has been demonstrated          growth in development activity.
      by the following achievements:
                                                                           In FY16, $3.1 billion of facilities with an average term of
      + Goodman UK Partnership (GUKP) was established                      4.5 years were procured or renewed across Goodman and
        with APG Asset Management and Canada Pension                       its managed partnerships. At 30 June 2016, Goodman had
        Plan Investment Board (CPPIB). The partnership will                available liquidity of $2.6 billion and had a weighted average
        provide over £1 billion of investment capacity for high            debt maturity profile of 4.4 years, with debt maturities fully
        quality logistics and industrial opportunities in the              covered up to June 2021.
        United Kingdom;
      + Goodman and CPPIB committed a further equity allocation            As a consequence of Goodman’s strong cash position, the
        of US$1.25 billion into GCLP;                                      distribution reinvestment plan is no longer in operation and the
      + Goodman Australia Development Partnership (GADP) with              final dividend/distribution is 12.1 cents per security. The total
        CPPIB was extended for a further 5 years;                          dividends/distributions in relation to FY16 are 24.0 cents per
      + The first close of GJCP’s equity raising was well supported        security, with an interim distribution of 11.9 cents per security
        by existing and new investors, with US$200 million                 having been paid in February 2016.
        raised to help fund the acquisition of new development
        opportunities from Goodman Japan Development
        Partnership (GJDP); and
      + Goodman European Partnership (GEP) was extended for
        a further 10 years.




      24                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Statement of financial position                                      Cash flow
                                                                    Consolidated                                                        Consolidated
                                                                 2016            2015                                                2016            2015
                                                                  $M              $M                                                  $M              $M
                    Stabilised investment properties          2,552.5         2,709.6    Operating cash flows                       830.1           654.7
                    Cornerstone investments in                                           Investing cash flows                       160.0          (147.8)
                    managed partnerships                     4,950.2          3,964.2    Financing cash flows                      (399.6)         (120.3)




For personal use only
                    Development holdings                     2,238.5          2,455.8    Net increase in cash held                  590.5           386.6
                    Intangible assets                          780.6            976.4
                    Cash                                     1,337.0            746.5    Cash at the end of the year              1,337.0           746.5
                    Other assets                               528.3            409.8    Operating cash flows were improved relative to the prior
                    Total assets                            12,387.1         11,262.3    year, partly as a result of the increase in operating profit but
                    Interest bearing liabilities             2,865.2          2,707.9    primarily due to the development receipts in Greater China
                    Other liabilities                        1,128.6          1,178.3    and New Zealand. The receipts and payments for Goodman’s
                    Total liabilities                        3,993.8          3,886.2    development activities are dependent on the timing of
                                                                                         development completions relative to the reporting date.
                    Non-controlling interests                  325.8            325.8
                    Net assets attributable                                              Investing cash flows primarily relate to the net investments
                    to Securityholders                        8,067.5         7,050.3    in the Consolidated Entity’s managed partnerships. During
                                                                                         the year, the payments for equity investments of $479.9
                    The majority of the stabilised investment properties are             million included GCLP, GJDP, GUKP and Goodman North
                    in Australia and the carrying value has decreased by                 America Partnership to fund development and investing
                    $157.1 million to $2,552.5 million, primarily due to the disposals   activities in those managed partnerships. This amount reflects
                    of urban renewal assets in Sydney. The balance at 30 June            the asset rotation that has occurred in most of Goodman’s
                    2016 still includes sites in Sydney with potential for urban         managed partnerships, with proceeds being utilised to fund
                    renewal and the positive planning outcomes on these sites            developments, as well as reduce gearing in the partnerships.
                    have resulted in valuation gains during FY16, which have             Financing cash flows include the drawdowns and repayments
                    partially offset the impact of the disposals.                        associated with Goodman’s interest bearing liabilities. The
                    The value of Goodman’s cornerstone investments in managed            principal financing cash outflows were Goodman’s distributions
                    partnerships increased by $986.0 million to $4,950.2 million,        to Securityholders and holders of hybrid securities issued by
                    primarily due to development completions and valuation               Goodman PLUS Trust (Goodman PLUS).
                    uplifts, which have offset the selective capital rotation that has   Outlook
                    continued in a number of markets.
                                                                                         The focused and consistent execution of Goodman’s business
                    Goodman’s development holdings decreased during the year             strategy, has created a strong, globally diversified platform
                    by $217.3 million to $2,238.5 million. This is principally due to    that will sustain earnings growth for future periods and
                    the disposal of $340.0 million of inventories to GCLP, partially     create long-term value for Securityholders, customers and
                    offset by increased development activity in Continental Europe       investment partners.
                    and North America.
                                                                                         In FY17, Goodman will continue to target asset rotation
                    The most significant intangible asset balances are in                opportunities, including urban renewal, to further improve asset
                    Continental Europe and the United Kingdom. During FY16,              and income quality across the portfolios. These proceeds will
                    Goodman fully impaired the management rights in United               be used to reduce gearing, giving future financial flexibility to
                    Kingdom – Business Parks ($204.6 million) as a result of the         Goodman and its partnerships, and also to provide capital for
                    decision to dispose of the remaining assets in ABPP.                 reinvestment into Goodman’s development business, which
                                                                                         continues to benefit from customer demand for new modern
                    Interest bearing liabilities, net of cash, are $1,528.2 million      facilities. A strong development business coupled with the
                    compared to $1,961.4 million at 30 June 2015. The decrease           demand from investment partners seeking high quality, well
                    is due to the net cash inflows from operating and investing          located industrial assets will continue to support the organic
                    activities of $990.1 million during the year offset by the           growth in assets under management.
                    debt acquired with the Brazil operating platform and foreign
                    currency translation impacts. Movements in other assets and          Overall the strong contributions from development and
                    liabilities mainly reflect the changes in Goodman’s derivative       management activities are expected to be maintained and
                    financial instruments.                                               Goodman is forecasting an operating EPS of 42.5 cents for
                                                                                         FY17, up 6% on FY16 and will continue to target an overall
                                                                                         pay-out ratio of 60%.
                                                                                         Further information as to other likely developments in the
                                                                                         operations of the Consolidated Entity and the expected results
                                                                                         of those operations in future financial years has not been
                                                                                         included in this Directors’ report because disclosure of the
                                                                                         information would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice
                                                                                         to the Consolidated Entity.




                                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                        25
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      CONTINUED



      Risks
      Goodman identifies operational risks for each of its divisions as part of its strategy process. The key risks, an assessment of their
      likelihood of occurrence and consequences and controls that are in place to mitigate the risks are reported to the Board annually.
      Goodman has established formal systems and processes in order that the risks are managed at each stage of its decision
      making process. This is facilitated by a Group Investment Committee comprising senior executives, chaired by the Group Chief
      Executive Officer, which considers all major operational decisions and transactions. The Group Investment Committee meets on
      a weekly basis.




For personal use only
      The Board has in place a Risk and Compliance Committee to review and monitor all material risks in Goodman’s risk management
      systems, including sustainability risks, work, health and safety, market risks and operational risks.
      The key risks faced by Goodman and the controls that have been established to manage those risks are set out below:

                                Risk area                              Mitigation
      Capital management        Availability of capital from           + Prudent capital management with cash flow requirements,
                                investors and financial institutions      gearing and available liquidity reviewed monthly and reported
                                supports the sustainability of            to the Board
                                the business                           + Diversification of debt funding sources and maturities
                                                                       + Diversification of capital partners
      Economic environment Uncertainty regarding global                + Global diversification of Goodman’s property portfolios
                           growth and volatility of global             + Focus on core property portfolios in key gateway locations
                           financial markets creates                   + Focus on cost management
                           a challenging operating                     + Prudent capital management with low gearing and significant
                           environment                                    available liquidity to allow for potential market shocks
      Governance, regulation Changes to the regulatory                 + Embedded compliance culture within Goodman focused on
      and compliance         environments (including tax)                 best practice
                             impact Goodman’s business                 + Dedicated compliance officers
                                                                       + Review of transactions by the Group Investment Committee
                                                                       + Independent Risk and Compliance Committee
      Development               Development volumes and                + Review of development projects by the Group Investment
                                returns need to be maintained to          Committee
                                support short-term growth              + Ongoing monitoring and reporting of work in progress and levels
                                                                          of speculative development, with Board oversight
      Asset management          Leasing risk exposures can             + Review of significant leasing transactions and development
      and leasing               reduce returns from Goodman’s             projects by the Group Investment Committee
                                portfolios
      Investment                Relationships with capital             + Standardised governance structures for managed partnerships
      management                partners underpin Goodman’s            + Independent governance structures for managed partnerships
                                management activities
      People                    The executive management team          + Succession planning for senior executives
                                supports the sustainability of the     + Competitive remuneration structures
                                business                               + Performance management and review
      Information and           Technology is a major component        + Ongoing monitoring and reporting of security risks to the
      data security             in operations and supports                Information Technology Security Council, with Risk and
                                sustainability and growth                 Compliance Committee oversight
                                                                       + Disaster recovery and business continuity planning and testing




      26                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Dividends and distributions
                    Goodman Limited did not declare any dividends during the financial year. The FY16 dividends and distributions to the
                    Consolidated Entity’s Securityholders of 24.0 cents per security have been made by GIT and GLHK.
                    GIT has declared and accrued distributions of 23.0 cents per security (2015: 22.2 cents per security), amounting to
                    $408.0 million (2015: $388.3 million).
                    GLHK did not declare any dividends during the financial year but subsequent to the end of the financial year the directors of




For personal use only
                    GLHK have proposed a dividend of 1.0 cent per security amounting to $17.8 million, which will be paid on 26 August 2016.
                    Distributions declared during the current financial year by Goodman PLUS Trust, a controlled entity of GIT, to holders of hybrid
                    securities (non-controlling interests) were $20.1 million (2015: $21.2 million).
                    Securities issued on exercise of performance rights
                    During the financial year, the Consolidated Entity issued 9,824,337 securities as a result of the vesting of performance rights.
                    The amount paid by the employees on exercise of these securities was $nil.
                    No performance rights have vested since the end of the financial year.
                    Unissued securities under performance rights
                    At the date of this Directors’ report, unissued securities of Goodman under performance rights and the applicable relative total
                    securityholder return (relative TSR) or operating EPS performance hurdles were:
                                                                                      Exercise         Number of
                                                                                         price       performance
                    Expiry date                                                              $              rights1                                   Performance hurdles2
                    Sep 2020                                                                   –      18,533,748        Relative TSR (25%) and operating EPS (75%)
                    Sep 2019                                                                   –      13,992,326        Relative TSR (25%) and operating EPS (75%)
                    Sep 2018                                                                   –      12,168,111        Relative TSR (25%) and operating EPS (75%)
                    Sep 2017                                                                   –       7,537,154        Relative TSR (25%) and operating EPS (75%)
                    Sep 2016                                                                   –       3,369,683        Relative TSR (25%) and operating EPS (75%)
                  1. The number of performance rights at the date of this Directors’ report is net of any rights forfeited. Excludes 6,907,818 of performance rights where the
                     intention is to cash settle.
                  2. Further details of the relative TSR and operating EPS performance hurdles are disclosed in the remuneration report in this Directors’ report. In addition
                     to satisfying these performance hurdles, the vesting of performance rights is subject to an employee’s continued employment over the vesting period.

                    All performance rights expire on the earliest of their expiry date; the day that vesting conditions become incapable of
                    satisfaction or are determined by the Board to not be satisfied; or following the termination of the employee’s employment
                    (other than in the event of special circumstances).




                                                                          GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                       27
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
      This remuneration report outlines the Board’s remuneration policies and discloses the remuneration details for key
      management personnel.
      The remuneration report forms part of the Directors’ report and has been audited in accordance with section 308(3C)
      of the Corporations Act 2001.
      In this remuneration report, the Executive Directors and other senior executives are collectively referred to as executives.
      The report is set out as follows:




For personal use only
      1. The role of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee           5. Link between remuneration outcomes and performance
      2. Aims of the remuneration policy                                 6. Executives’ remuneration (statutory analysis)
      3.	Overview of remuneration enhancements and outcomes             7. Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration
          during FY16                                                    8. Other prescribed information.
      4. Remuneration policy for executives
      1. The role of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
      Governance
      Who are the members        + Mr Phillip Pryke (Independent Chairman of the Committee)
      of the Remuneration        + Mr Ian Ferrier (Independent Member)
      Committee?                 + Ms Anne Keating (Independent Member)
                                 + Ms Rebecca McGrath (Independent Member)
                                 + Mr Jim Sloman (Independent Member)
                                 The Committee members’ meeting attendance record is disclosed on page 18 in the Directors’ report.
      Scope of work              Advise and recommend to the Board on:
                                 + remuneration policy;
                                 + remuneration arrangements for Executive Directors and other senior executives;
                                 + remuneration arrangements for Non-Executive Directors;
                                 + incentive plans, both short-term incentives (STI) and long-term incentives (LTI);
                                 + superannuation/pension entitlements;
                                 + termination payments;
                                 + oversight of performance management;
                                 + succession planning; and
                                 + other human resource related matters.
      Key management             KMP are defined as those employees who have authority and responsibility for planning, directing and
      personnel (KMP)            controlling the activities of Goodman. KMPs comprise the Executive and Non-Executive Directors of
                                 the Company and other senior executives of Goodman.

      Further information relating to the scope and activities of the Committee is available on Goodman’s website and in the
      Corporate Governance Statement to be released with the Annual Report.
      2. Aims of the remuneration policy
                                                    Overall aims of the remuneration policy
                                          Maximise the alignment of executives with Securityholders.
      + Attract appropriately skilled and qualified executives.               + The remuneration package is set at competitive levels
                                                                     →            for the market where the role is performed.
      + Encourage and reward superior performance                             + There is significant weighting towards at risk
        that creates sustainable long-term returns for               →            remuneration components that are assessed against
        Securityholders.                                                          financial and non-financial measures consistent with
                                                                                  Goodman’s strategy.
      + Provide incentive for high performing executives to                   + LTI is a key component of the remuneration package
        remain employed with Goodman.                                →            and is delivered in Goodman securities over a five year
                                                                                  period, provided that performance hurdles are met over
                                                                                  a three year period.




      28                                              GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    3. Overview of remuneration enhancements and                                 Key enhancements made in FY16
                    outcomes during FY16                                                         As with previous years, Goodman’s remuneration
                    FY16 financial performance                                                   philosophy is to:
                    Goodman has delivered an operating profit of $714.5 million                  + maintain fixed remuneration levels that, in general, are
                    for FY16, which equates to an operating EPS of 40.1 cents, up                  below or at the median level within specific local markets;
                    7.8% on the prior year. Distributions to Securityholders have                + apply restraint to STI awards, however recognising
                    also increased to 24.0 cents per security (2015: 22.2 cents per                that STI rewards employees for achievement within the




For personal use only
                    security). This represents another year of consistent growth                   performance year;
                    with net tangible assets per security increasing to $4.10 from               + to use LTI (in the form of performance rights) that are
                    $3.46 and headline gearing falling to 11.8%, as Goodman                        exposed to the financial performance of Goodman
                    continues to execute on its stated strategy of rotating assets                 to incentivise employees to remain employed, and to
                    to invest in its development business, thereby improving the                   encourage commercial decisions that reflect the long-term
                    overall quality of its property portfolios. The Consolidated                   best interests of Goodman; and
                    Entity’s sound financial position is also reflected in Goodman’s             + increase the overall proportion of at risk remuneration
                    security price, which has increased to $7.11 at 30 June 2016.                  (i.e. in particular LTI) so that for executives LTI is
                    The total Securityholder return for FY16 is 17.0%.                             approximately 50% of total remuneration.
                    The Board considers that this represents a strong performance                To better align with current market practice, the Board has
                    for FY16 and this is reflected in its award of incentives, both              limited STI awards for executives to a maximum of 200%
                    STI and LTI, to the executives.                                              of fixed remuneration and has split payment into two equal
                                                                                                 instalments. In respect of the FY16 award, the first payment
                                                                                                 will be made in August 2016 and the second payment in
                                                                                                 August 2017.
                                                                                                 In relation to overall incentive based remuneration awards for
                                                                                                 FY16, the Group Chief Executive Officer will receive no STI
                                                                                                 and instead receive all his incentive based remuneration in
                                                                                                 the form of performance rights. As a result, the Group Chief
                                                                                                 Executive Officer’s remuneration has an increased at risk
                                                                                                 component, in that it remains subject to the achievement of
                                                                                                 performance hurdles over the longer term. As outlined above,
                                                                                                 the Board considers that this encourages commercial decisions
                                                                                                 that reflect the long-term best interests of Goodman and
                                                                                                 its Securityholders.

                    Principal outcomes for FY16
                    Remuneration element Principal Outcomes
                    Fixed remuneration1           + Group Chief Executive Officer base pay retained at $1.4 million, with no increase since 2008
                                                  + No increase in base pay for other senior executives for FY16
                    STI                           + No STI was awarded to the Group Chief Executive Officer, as all his incentive based remuneration
                                                     is in the form of LTI
                                                  + Based on achievement of financial and non-financial objectives, STI awards to executives are at
                                                     the higher end of the cash bonus range (maximum of 200% of fixed remuneration), of which 50%
                                                     will be paid after finalisation of Goodman’s Annual Report in August 2016 and the remaining 50%
                                                     12 months later
                    LTI                           + The Board’s view is that the contribution of the Group Chief Executive Officer to the success of
                                                     Goodman in FY16 has been significant and the LTI award, which will be made in FY17, has been
                                                     increased from 2,000,000 to 2,400,000 performance rights
                                                  + Consistent with policy, the proportion of LTI as a component of executives’ total remuneration
                                                     has increased
                                                  + Excluding the Group Chief Executive Officer, the LTI awarded to the executives is 3,450,000
                                                     performance rights
                                                  + The 55.6 million performance rights on issue equal 3.1% of the 1,778.3 million Goodman securities
                                                     currently on issue and is within the 5% limit adopted by the Board
                  1. For the purposes of the remuneration report, cash, salary sacrificed amounts and employer contributions to superannuation or pension funds are
                     collectively referred to as base pay.




                                                                        GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                              29
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
      CONTINUED

      4. Remuneration policy for executives
      A summary of the key remuneration policies for the executives, reflecting the FY16 changes, is set out below:
                                                         Remuneration components
      Fixed remuneration                          STI                                          LTI
      + Fixed remuneration package includes      + Discretionary, at risk, cash bonus        + Discretionary award, at risk and
        cash, non-cash benefits and employer         awarded to executives when Goodman           delivered in Goodman securities to align




For personal use only
        contributions to superannuation or           achieves a target operating EPS.             with interests of Securityholders.
        pension funds.                            + Rewards specific achievement against      + Vesting determined by cumulative
      + Fixed remuneration continues to be          financial and non-financial performance      performance against operating EPS and
        at or below median against selected          objectives within a defined period.          relative total securityholder returns.
        comparator group.                         + STI awards to executives will not         + Assessed over a three year performance
                                                     exceed 200% of base pay.                     period.
                                                  + Executives’ STI is subject to deferral    + No value derived unless cumulative
                                                     so that 50% is paid on finalisation of       performance hurdles are met or
                                                     Goodman’s Annual Report and 50% is           exceeded.
                                                     paid 12 months later.                     + Vesting occurs in equal tranches at the
                                                                                                  end of years three, four and five.

                                               Other key aspects of executives’ remuneration
      Service contracts
      Executives are engaged under written employment contracts until notice is given by either Goodman or the executive, as set
      out below:
                                                                                                            Notice period
                                                                                                  Company                 Executive
      Executive Directors
      Mr Gregory Goodman                                                                         12 months                12 months
      Mr Philip Pearce                                                                             6 months                6 months
      Mr Danny Peeters                                                                           12 months                12 months
      Mr Anthony Rozic                                                                             6 months                6 months
      Other senior executives
      Mr Nick Kurtis                                                                               6 months                6 months
      Mr Nick Vrondas                                                                              6 months                6 months
      Mr Jason Little                                                                              6 months                6 months

      Consistent with local practice in Belgium, Mr Danny Peeters provides his services through a management company,
      DPCON Bvba.
      Short-term incentive
      Financial targets
      Financial targets include operating EPS, return on assets, net tangible assets per security and gearing across the
      Consolidated Entity.
      However, STI awards to executives are dependent on Goodman achieving an operating EPS target. The Board considers that
      operating EPS measures the direct contribution of executives to the financial performance of Goodman. Strong performance
      in operating EPS generally correlates with stronger returns to Securityholders and, subject to market factors and conditions,
      security price increases.
      The operating profit target is set at the start of the financial year with reference to appropriate returns for Goodman’s business
      segments, having regard to the stage of the property cycle, general economic conditions and growing the business in a
      prudent manner.
      Non-financial targets
      Non-financial targets include execution of strategic initiatives which position Goodman for future sustainable growth,
      implementation of business process improvement initiatives and appropriate compliance and risk management controls.
      In addition to the above, the performance of executives against behavioural expectations outlined within Goodman’s Corporate
      Values has been considered in the determination of remuneration outcomes. The Board considers that executives should
      demonstrate high standards of personal behaviour that are consistent with these values and therefore places emphasis upon
      these characteristics.
      Discretionary nature of award
      The Board recognises that expertise within Goodman can lead to exceptional individual and divisional performance within a
      specific financial year and accordingly retains discretion on the determination and payment of STI awards for executives, even
      where Goodman’s financial metrics may not have been met or other adverse circumstances occur. Conversely, awards of STI
      may be withheld notwithstanding that targets may have been met.
      		




      30                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    4. Remuneration policy for executives continued
                                                       Other key aspects of executive’s remuneration continued
                    Long-term incentive
                    The LTIP was last approved by Securityholders in 2015. There have been no alterations or modifications to prior year awards
                    under the LTIP.




For personal use only
                    Performance hurdles
                    The LTIP incorporates both an operating EPS and a relative TSR hurdle.
                    The operating EPS hurdle, which applies to 75% of each award, requires that the actual operating EPS over a three year period
                    meets the cumulative target set by the Board. The target for each financial year is the same as that used for the purpose of the
                    STI and is set at the start of each financial year.
                    In determining operating EPS, the share based payments expense is excluded from operating profit as the performance rights
                    are generally settled through the issue of new securities, and those performance rights which as at the start of the financial
                    year have achieved the required performance hurdles but have not yet vested are included in the weighted average number of
                    securities, reflecting the future dilution impact on Securityholders. For FY16, the 1,781.2 million weighted average securities
                    used in calculating operating EPS, includes securities that have vested during the year plus 10.9 million securities which have
                    achieved the required performance hurdles and will vest in September 2016 and September 2017.
                    The method for calculating the operating EPS has been applied consistently throughout the period in which the LTIP has been
                    in place and the methodology is used for setting the target and financial performance forecast at the commencement of each
                    financial year.
                    The relative TSR hurdle, which applies to 25% of each award, is based on the relative TSR of Goodman against that of other
                    S&P/ASX 100 entities over a three year period.
                    Vesting
                    The operating EPS performance hurdle will be satisfied in full when the cumulative operating EPS over three consecutive
                    financial years meets or exceeds the target set by the Board. If the cumulative target is not met, then there is nil vesting against
                    this hurdle. The Board believes that it would currently be inconsistent with Securityholders’ expectations for there to be partial
                    satisfaction of the hurdle where the target operating EPS had not been met.
                    The relative TSR performance hurdle operates over a range of outcomes such that where Goodman’s performance is:
                    + from the 1st to 50th percentile, there is no vesting;
                    + from the 51st percentile (i.e. above-average performance), there is 50% vesting, with an additional 2% vesting for each
                      additional percentile rank to the 76th percentile; and
                    + from the 76th percentile and above, there is 100% vesting.
                    Partial vesting against this hurdle only commences once above-average returns are achieved. The Board considers the
                    S&P/ASX 100 index is the most appropriate comparator group given that:
                    + Goodman is ranked by market capitalisation within the top 100 ASX listed entities;
                    + Goodman competes for investment capital against the top 100 ASX listed entities; and
                    + the comparator group is sufficiently broad to include a sample of businesses with geographic diversity and business
                       complexity.
                    Vesting of all performance rights is contingent on executives remaining employed by Goodman at the relevant vesting dates
                    at the end of years three, four and five. As a result, in order to derive the full benefits of an award, an executive must remain
                    employed over a five year vesting period.
                    Hedging of unvested performance rights
                    The Board’s policy set out in the Securities Trading Policy is that executives may not enter into any arrangement to limit their
                    exposure to risk in relation to unvested performance rights, options or securities issued under an employee incentive plan.
                    In accordance with their terms of employment, executives are required to comply with Goodman’s policies.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                        31
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
      CONTINUED

      5. Link between remuneration outcomes and performance
      Key financial performance measures
      The operating profit, operating EPS, total Securityholder return and other key financial performance measures over the last five
      years are set out below:
                                                                           2012                2013                2014                2015             2016
      Operating profit ($M)                                               463.4               544.1              601.1               653.5             714.5




For personal use only
      Operating EPS (¢)                                                    30.5                32.4               34.8                37.2              40.1
      Security price ($)                                                   3.67                4.88               5.05                6.27              7.11
      Dividends/distributions per security (¢)                             18.0                19.4               20.7                22.2              24.0
      TSR1 (%)                                                              7.3                34.0               10.7                30.0              17.0
      Net tangible assets per security ($)                                 2.54                2.69               2.88                3.46              4.10
      Gearing (%)                                                          23.9                18.5               19.5                17.3              11.8
    1. The TSR (sourced from Bloomberg) is based on the distributions paid to Securityholders and the security price movement during each financial year
       and assumes Securityholders reinvested distributions. The calculated TSR is compared to the TSR of other entities in the S&P/ASX 100 index (S&P/
       ASX 200 index for grants made in 2013 and prior financial years) for the purpose of determining the relative TSR performance hurdle under the LTIP.

      The use of at risk remuneration that incorporates a strong focus on continued improvement in operating EPS over the long term
      has driven decision making that aims at sustainable 6% operating earnings growth. This has benefited Securityholders through
      the increasing distributions and security price which together have resulted in an average 19.8% per annum total Securityholder
      return over the last five years.
      Group Chief Executive Officer remuneration
      The non-statutory analysis below sets out the Group Chief Executive Officer’s cash remuneration in each of the past five
      financial years. This includes the base pay and cash bonus (STI) that relate to each financial year plus the value of the
      performance rights (LTI) that vested during the financial year. This value of performance rights is determined by multiplying the
      number of securities that vested by the market price of the securities at the date of vesting. This is different from the statutory
      presentation of remuneration included on page 35, where the values of the performance rights are determined using option
      pricing models at the date the award is made and then amortised over the vesting periods.
      Group Chief Executive Officer remuneration
      – non-statutory                                                      2012                2013                2014                2015             2016
      Base pay ($M)                                                          1.4                1.4                 1.4                 1.4              1.4
      STI ($M)                                                               2.8                2.5                 2.4                 2.2                –
      LTI – vested during the year ($M)                                        –                1.0                 2.3                 4.6              5.2
      Total remuneration ($M)                                                4.2                4.9                 6.1                 8.2              6.6
      Proportion of STI and LTI (%)                                         66.7               71.4                77.0                82.9             78.8
      Proportion of LTI (%)                                                    –               20.4                37.7                56.1             78.8

      Over the five year period, the level of STI has generally been at the upper end of the bonus range in line with the operational
      achievements. However, in FY16 the Group Chief Executive Officer has not received any STI but instead will receive all his
      incentive based remuneration in the form of at risk LTI, with the relevant award of performance rights to be made in FY17.
      In respect of the vested LTI, $5.2 million (2015: $4.6 million) of performance rights vested during FY16, based on the mid-market
      price of a Goodman security of $5.96 at the vesting date on 1 September 2015. The increase in the cash value of the LTI is due
      to both an increase in the number of performance rights awarded and the increase in the Goodman security price, reflecting the
      consistently strong performance over the past five years.
      Short-term incentive awards to executives
      STI awards are made to executives based on their performance and contribution to the business during the financial year,
      including the achievement of agreed performance targets and strategic initiatives that relate to both financial and non-
      financial criteria for their business units, other parts of the business and Goodman as a whole. Specialisation exists within the
      management structure; however, overall success is heavily dependent upon the input from other regions and the group function.
      Goodman’s integrated business model means that achievements are often a product of collective effort.
      For FY16, the Committee considered that the performance of the executives in relation to various strategic initiatives
      represented an overall performance that achieved the agreed performance targets and STI awards for the executives are
      towards the upper end of the cash bonus range.




      32                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    5. Link between remuneration outcomes and performance continued
                    A summary of the key operational achievements under the integrated business model for FY16 is set out below:

                                                           Integrated business model achievements for FY16
                                        Delivered a 7.8% increase in Goodman’s operating EPS from 37.2 cents to 40.1 cents
                    Investment                       Development                    Management                        Capital management




For personal use only
                    + Maintained an overall leasing + Increased development work + Maintained the disciplined      + Improved operating EPS
                       occupancy rate of 96% with       in progress to $3.4 billion    approach to ensuring              by 7.8% while decreasing
                       retention levels at 79%.         across 81 projects in 14       investments meet required         Goodman’s headline gearing
                    + Achieved like-for-like rental    countries with a forecast      investment hurdles and            to 11.8%.
                       growth of 1.9%.                  yield on cost of 7.8%.         delivered average total        + Maintained available liquidity
                    + Disposals of $2.2 billion     + Increased return on capital    returns in excess of 20%          of $2.6 billion covering
                       of properties, excluding         for developments.              across the managed                maturities up to June 2021.
                       urban renewal, from           + Managed speculative            partnerships.                  + Renewed and extended the
                       both Goodman’s and the           developments within         + Capitalised on market             maturities of bank facilities.
                       managed partnerships’            Board approved limits          demand for industrial          + Procured and renewed debt
                       portfolios.                      through developments           properties with $1.8 billion      facilities of $3.1 billion, with
                    + Settled $0.8 billion of urban    within partnerships, pre-      of asset rotation by the          average term of 4.5 years,
                       renewal sites.                   commitments and pre-sales.     managed partnerships to           across Goodman and its
                                                                                       third parties.                    managed partnerships.
                                                                                    + Notwithstanding the asset
                                                                                       rotation, increased external
                                                                                       AUM to $29.3 billion across
                                                                                       16 managed partnerships.
                                                                                    + Raised a total of $2.3 billion
                                                                                       of new third party equity
                                                                                       capital across the managed
                                                                                       partnerships.
                                                                                    + Maintained strong
                                                                                       relationships with investment
                                                                                       partners. At 30 June
                                                                                       2016, Goodman had 52
                                                                                       investment partners with an
                                                                                       average investment size of
                                                                                       $274 million.
                           + Behavioural expectations consistent with Goodman’s Corporate Values, which are ensuring a customer focused,
                                  results driven organisation with consideration of transparency, innovation, respect and partnership.
                            + Deployment of business process improvement activities e.g. information technology optimisation programmes.

                    Long-term incentive awards to executives
                    While executives are awarded performance rights (under the LTIP) in recognition of current performance, vesting is dependent
                    on the achievement of cumulative operating EPS and/or relative TSR performance hurdles accrued over a three year period as
                    well as continued employment at the time of vesting of each tranche at the end of years three, four and five.
                    Proposed awards of performance rights in FY17
                    The awards of performance rights that the Board intends to make in FY17 with regard to the executives’ performance in FY16
                    are set out below. These proposed awards are not reflected in the current year statutory or non-statutory remuneration tables as
                    they did not occur prior to 30 June 2016.
                                                                                                                          Number of performance rights
                    Executive Directors
                    Mr Gregory Goodman                                                                                                        2,400,000
                    Mr Anthony Rozic                                                                                                            700,000
                    Mr Danny Peeters                                                                                                            600,000
                    Other senior executives
                    Mr Nick Kurtis                                                                                                              700,000
                    Mr Nick Vrondas                                                                                                             750,000
                    Mr Jason Little                                                                                                             700,000

                    On 8 July 2016, Mr Philip Pearce stepped down from his role as Managing Director Greater China, to focus on health related
                    issues. Effective 12 July 2016, he also resigned as a director of Goodman Limited and ceased to be a KMP on that date. As a
                    consequence, Mr Philip Pearce will not receive an award of performance rights in FY17.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                       33
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
      CONTINUED

      5. Link between remuneration outcomes and performance continued
      Long-term incentive awards to executives continued
      Summary of performance relative to the hurdles for the LTIP grants
      2014 LTIP grant (with a performance testing period that ended on 30 June 2016)
      Performance rights awarded in FY14 have a performance period ended 30 June 2016. Details of the performance relative to the
      hurdles are set out below:




For personal use only
      			                         Out-                                                       Vested       Weighting           Vesting
      Hurdle Target Actual performance                                                           (%)             (%)      outcome (%)
      Operating EPS
      FY14                                34.3 cps        34.8 cps          0.5 cps
      FY15                                36.9 cps        37.2 cps          0.3 cps
      FY16                                39.4 cps        40.1 cps          0.7 cps
      Aggregate                          110.6 cps       112.1 cps          1.5 cps           100.0            75.0               75.0
      Relative TSR
      1 July 2013 to 30 June 2016
                         50th       65th
                    percentile percentile n/a 78.0 25.0 19.5
      Total vesting						                               94.5
      Based on the achievement of the performance hurdles, 94.5% of the FY14 performance rights will vest into Goodman securities,
      subject to meeting the employment conditions, and will be delivered to executives in three tranches on an annual basis
      commencing from September 2016. Executives must remain employed on each of the three vesting dates in September 2016,
      2017 and 2018 respectively for the performance rights to vest.
      2015 and 2016 LTIP grants
      For the grants made in FY15 and FY16, the performance periods run to 30 June 2017 and 30 June 2018 respectively. For both
      grants, the operating EPS hurdles have been met or exceeded to date and relative TSR hurdles are on track to be partially
      achieved. However, the performance hurdles for both grants will need to be assessed over the full three year performance
      periods to determine whether they are satisfied.
      The movements in the number of performance rights during FY16 are summarised as follows:
      		 Held at the start                                         Granted as			                                       Held at the end
        Year   of the year                                       compensation Vested Forfeited                              of the year
      Executive Directors
      Mr Gregory Goodman             2016        3,763,653           2,000,000        (877,674)               –             4,885,979
                                     2015        3,601,700             995,476        (828,624)          (4,899)            3,763,653
      Mr Anthony Rozic               2016        1,932,551             600,000        (486,992)               –             2,045,559
                                     2015        1,898,241             542,987        (506,079)          (2,598)            1,932,551
      Mr Philip Pearce               2016        1,374,438             450,000        (216,954)               –             1,607,484
                                     2015        1,071,704             497,738        (194,005)            (999)            1,374,438
      Mr Danny Peeters               2016        1,887,302             450,000        (486,992)               –             1,850,310
                                     2015        1,909,441             497,738        (517,279)          (2,598)            1,887,302
      Other senior executives
      Mr Nick Kurtis                 2016        1,932,551            750,000         (486,992)               –             2,195,559
                                     2015        1,898,241            542,987         (506,079)          (2,598)            1,932,551
      Mr Nick Vrondas                2016        1,600,210            750,000         (349,750)               –             2,000,460
                                     2015        1,460,461            497,738         (356,189)          (1,800)            1,600,210
      Mr Jason Little                2016        1,142,838            450,000         (210,263)               –             1,382,575
                                     2015          945,494            395,928         (197,585)            (999)            1,142,838




      34                                         GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    6. Executives’ remuneration (statutory analysis)
                    Details of the nature and amount of each major element of the remuneration of each executive, as calculated under Australian
                    Accounting Standards, are set out below:
                                                                                                                                             Share based
                                                               Short-term                                           Long-term                 payments




                                                                                                                                                                                STI + LTI as          LTI as




For personal use only
                                                                                                   Superannuation
                                                                                                                                                   Performance

                                                 Salary         Bonus                              benefits             Bonus                      rights (LTI)4                percentage of total   percentage of total
                                               and fees1         (STI)2   Other3        Total                            (STI)2     Other3                              Total
                    Executives                         $             $        $            $                $                $                               $             $             %                     %
                    Mr Gregory        2016 1,392,262               – 15,594 1,407,856           19,308                          – 24,841      4,791,688            6,243,693    76.7                  76.7
                    Goodman,          2015 1,371,635       2,200,000 14,409 3,586,044           17,079                          – 57,549      3,157,950            6,818,622    78.6                  46.3
                    Group Chief
                    Executive
                    Officer
                    Mr Anthony      2016       651,895             – 18,010   669,905           19,308 1,400,000 12,421                       1,934,123            4,035,757    82.6                  47.9
                    Rozic,          2015       672,564     1,550,000 18,010 2,240,574           18,783         – 14,624                       1,579,175            3,853,156    81.2                  41.0
                    Deputy Group
                    Chief Executive
                    Officer
                    Mr Nick Kurtis,   2016     692,228             – 18,010   710,238           19,308 1,400,000 12,418                       2,033,093            4,175,057    82.2                  48.7
                    Group Head        2015     666,800     1,650,000 18,010 2,334,810           18,783         – 13,881                       1,583,500            3,950,974    81.8                  40.1
                    of Equities,
                    Investment
                    Management
                    Mr Nick           2016     595,537             – 16,500   612,037           19,308 1,200,000 10,644                       1,875,248            3,717,237    82.7                  50.4
                    Vrondas,          2015     583,656     1,550,000 16,500 2,150,156           18,783         – 20,753                       1,343,171            3,532,863    81.9                  38.0
                    Group Chief
                    Financial
                    Officer
                    Mr Jason Little, 2016      486,866             –          –   486,866       19,308 1,000,000                     8,872 1,306,337               2,821,383    81.7                  46.3
                    General          2015      484,303     1,500,000          – 1,984,303       18,783         –                    (6,188)  986,911               2,983,809    83.3                  33.1
                    Manager,
                    Australia
                    Mr Philip         2016     715,207     1,050,000          – 1,765,207        3,184                          –       –     1,564,849            3,333,240    78.4                  46.9
                    Pearce5,          2015     686,526     1,300,000          – 1,986,526        2,775                          –       –     1,218,081            3,207,382    78.5                  38.0
                    Managing
                    Director,
                    Greater China
                                                       €             €        €            €                €                   €       €                    €             €
                    Mr Danny          2016     564,950             –          –   564,950                   – 1,000,000                 –     1,129,573            2,694,523    79.0                  41.9
                    Peeters6,         2015     559,655       915,000          – 1,474,655                   –         –                 –     1,038,190            2,512,845    77.7                  41.3
                    Executive
                    Director,
                    Corporate
                  1. Salary and fees represent the amounts due under the terms of executives’ service contracts and include movements in annual leave provisions during the
                     financial year.
                  2. In FY16, a change in remuneration policy has resulted in part of the executives’ bonus award being subject to deferral, with awards paid in two
                     instalments, 50% on finalisation of the FY16 Annual Report and 50% 12 months later. Under Australian Accounting Standards, the entire bonus award
                     is now considered as a long-term benefit with regard to the disclosure of individual executive’s remuneration. No bonuses were forfeited during the
                     financial year.
                  3. Other includes reportable fringe benefits, car parking and changes in long service leave balances.
                  4. Performance rights are a long-term incentive and in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards, the values of the awards, determined using option
                     pricing models, are amortised in the income statement over the vesting periods.
                  5. Mr Philip Pearce has stood down from his duties for health reasons and resigned as a director of Goodman Limited on 12 July 2016. He remains an
                     employee of Goodman on sick leave and, having regard to the seriousness of the health issues, this period is expected to last at least 12 months and
                     may be extended up to two years. His entire FY16 bonus award will be paid without partial deferment in common with other employees.
                  6. The remuneration of Mr Danny Peeters is disclosed in Euros, the currency in which his base pay and bonus are determined. The value attributed to his
                     performance rights is translated from Australian dollars at the weighted average rate for the financial year.




                                                                          GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                                                    35
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
      CONTINUED

      7. Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration
      Remuneration policy
                                                                  Non-executive directors
      Key elements of Non-          + The policy is structured to ensure independence of judgement in the performance of their duties.
      Executive Director            + Non-Executive Directors receive fixed fees for being on the Board and additional fees for
      Remuneration policy              membership of committees.




For personal use only
                                    + The fees take into account the size and scope of Goodman’s activities and the responsibilities and
                                       experience of the directors. Periodically, these fees are benchmarked against data for comparable
                                       entities provided by external advisers.
                                    + As approved by Securityholders at the 2006 Annual General Meeting, total remuneration (including
                                       superannuation) payable by Goodman to all Non-Executive Directors in aggregate must not exceed
                                       $2.5 million per annum. For the current financial year, total Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration
                                       was $2.1 million.
                                    + The increase in Non-Executive Director fees compared to the prior financial year is due to the 5%
                                       increase in both base fees and Board committee fees from 1 July 2015.
                                    + Non-Executive Directors are not entitled to participate in any STI or LTI schemes which may
                                       otherwise be perceived to create a bias when overseeing executive decision making.
                                    + The Board has a policy, set out in the Directors’ Securities Acquisition Plan, for Non-Executive
                                       Directors to accumulate a significant long-term holding of Goodman securities so that they have an
                                       alignment of interests with those of Securityholders. Under the policy, each Non-Executive Director
                                       is required to acquire securities such that their holding is equal in value to twice their annual base
                                       fees. The value of securities for this purpose equals the higher of purchase cost or market value at
                                       the end of each financial year. This holding may be acquired at any time but where not held at the
                                       beginning of a financial year, the policy is for 25% of base fees (net of tax) during the financial year
                                       to be applied to the on-market purchase of securities.

      Board and committee annual fees
      				                                                                                                                  Risk and         Remuneration
      			          Audit                                                                                                 Compliance         and Nomination
      		 Board Committee                                                                                                  Committee             Committee
      		 $             $                                                                                                           $                     $
      Chairman                                                 2016                550,000                37,500              37,500                  37,500
                                                               2015                530,450                36,050              36,050                  36,050
      Member                                                   2016                200,000                22,500              22,500                  22,500
                                                               2015                193,614                20,600              20,600                  20,600

      Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration (statutory analysis)
      Details of the nature and amount of each major element of the remuneration of Non-Executive Directors, as calculated under
      Australian Accounting Standards, are set out below:
      		                       Salary and                                                                            Superannuation
      		                             Fees                                                                                   benefits                     Total2
      Non-Executive Directors		$                                                                                                   $                         $
      Mr Ian Ferrier                                                                   2016             530,692               19,308                 550,000
                                                                                       2015             511,667               18,783                 530,450
      Mr Philip Fan                                                                    2016             245,000                    –                 245,000
                                                                                       2015             234,814                    –                 234,814
      Mr John Harkness                                                                 2016             240,692               19,308                 260,000
                                                                                       2015             240,686               18,783                 259,469
      Ms Anne Keating                                                                  2016             225,692               19,308                 245,000
                                                                                       2015             216,031               18,783                 234,814
      Ms Rebecca McGrath                                                               2016             240,692               19,308                 260,000
                                                                                       2015             222,275               18,783                 241,058
      Mr Phillip Pryke1                                                                2016             318,655               19,308                 337,963
                                                                                       2015             314,904               18,783                 333,687
      Mr Jim Sloman                                                                    2016             225,692               19,308                 245,000
                                                                                       2015             216,031               18,783                 234,814
    1. Salary and fees for Mr Phillip Pryke include an amount of A$77,963 (NZ$85,000) (2015: A$83,426 (NZ$89,725)) due in respect of his role on the board and
       audit committee of Goodman (NZ) Limited, the manager of Goodman Property Trust.
    2. The Non-Executive Directors do not receive any incentive based remuneration.




      36                                                  GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    8. Other prescribed information
                    Analysis of performance rights over Goodman securities
                    Details of the awards of performance rights under the LTIP granted by the Company as compensation to the executives are set
                    out in the following tables:


                                                                                                                            Total value of
                                          Number of              Date of
                                                                                                                                                                                                       Value of
                                                                                                       Fair value per
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Financial years in




For personal use only
                                                                                                                            performance rights                                                         performance rights
                                                                                                                                                 Vested in prior

                                                                                      Financial year
                                          performance rights     performance rights

                                                                                                                                                                                   Forfeited (%)
                                                                                                       performance right1                                          Vested in the

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Expiry date4
                                                                                                                            granted1                                                                   vested in the year3

                                          granted                granted                               $                    $                    years (%)         year (%)2                           $                          which grant vests

                    Executive Directors
                    Mr Gregory         2,000,000               25 Nov 2015            2016                  4.44            8,880,000                       –               –                      –                         –   2019–2021             1 Sep 2020
                    Goodman                995,476             20 Nov 2014            2015                  4.01            3,991,859                      –                –                      –                         –   2018–2020             2 Sep 2019
                                           947,368             22 Nov 2013            2014                  3.67            3,476,841                      –                –                      –                         –   2017–2019             3 Sep 2018
                                           927,152             16 Nov 2012            2013                  3.37            3,124,502                      – 33.3                                  –   1,841,938                 2016–2018             1 Sep 2017
                                           980,000             25 Nov 2011            2012                  2.12            2,077,600 33.2 33.2                                      0.5               1,937,203                 2015–2017             1 Sep 2016
                                           730,770              1 Feb 2011            2011                  2.80            2,046,156 66.7 33.3                                                    –   1,451,796                 2014–2016             1 Sep 2015
                    Mr Anthony Rozic       600,000             25 Nov 2015            2016                  4.44            2,664,000                      –                –                      –                         –   2019–2021             1 Sep 2020
                                           542,987             20 Nov 2014            2015                  4.01            2,177,378                      –                –                      –                         –   2018–2020             2 Sep 2019
                                           421,053             22 Nov 2013            2014                  3.67            1,545,265                      –                –                      –                         –   2017–2019             3 Sep 2018
                                           463,576             12 Oct 2012            2013                  3.15            1,460,264                      – 33.3                                  –      920,969                2016–2018             1 Sep 2017
                                           520,000             30 Sep 2011            2012                  2.04            1,060,800 33.2 33.2                                      0.5               1,027,903                 2015–2017             1 Sep 2016
                                           480,000              1 Feb 2011            2011                  2.80            1,344,000 66.7 33.3                                                    –      953,600                2014–2016             1 Sep 2015
                    Mr Philip Pearce       450,000             25 Nov 2015            2016                  4.44            1,998,000                      –                –                      –                     –       2019–2021             1 Sep 2020
                                           497,738             20 Nov 2014            2015                  4.01            1,995,929                      –                –                      –                     –       2018–2020             2 Sep 2019
                                           394,737             22 Nov 2013            2014                  3.67            1,448,685                      –                –                      –                     –       2017–2019             3 Sep 2018
                                           298,013             16 Nov 2012            2013                  3.37            1,004,304                      – 33.3                                  –      592,049                2016–2018             1 Sep 2017
                                           200,000             30 Sep 2011            2012                  2.04               408,000 33.2 33.2                                     0.5                  395,351                2015–2017             1 Sep 2016
                                           153,847              1 Feb 2011            2011                  2.80               430,772 66.7 33.3                                                   –      305,647                2014–2016             1 Sep 2015
                    Mr Danny Peeters       450,000             25 Nov 2015            2016                  4.44            1,998,000                      –                –                      –                     –       2019–2021             1 Sep 2020
                                           497,738             20 Nov 2014            2015                  4.01            1,995,929                      –                –                      –                     –       2018–2020             2 Sep 2019
                                          421,053              22 Nov 2013            2014                  3.67            1,545,265                      –                –                      –                     –       2017–2019             3 Sep 2018
                                          463,576              12 Oct 2012            2013                  3.15            1,460,264                      – 33.3                                  –      920,969                2016–2018             1 Sep 2017
                                          520,000              30 Sep 2011            2012                  2.04            1,060,800 33.2 33.2                                      0.5               1,027,903                 2015–2017             1 Sep 2016
                                          480,000               1 Feb 2011            2011                  2.80            1,344,000 66.7 33.3                                                    –      953,600                2014–2016             1 Sep 2015

                    Refer to page 38 for explanatory footnotes.




                                                                                      GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                                                                                                   37
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
      CONTINUED

      8. Other prescribed information continued
      Analysis of performance rights over Goodman securities continued


                          Number of              Date of
                                                                                                            Total value of                                                             Value of
                                                                                       Fair value per
                                                                                                            performance rights                                                         performance rights      Financial years in
                                                                                                                                 Vested in prior

                                                                      Financial year
                          performance rights     performance rights

                                                                                                                                                                   Forfeited (%)
                                                                                       performance right1                                          Vested in the

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Expiry date4
                                                                                                            granted1                                                                   vested in the year3
                                                                                                                                                                                                               which grant vests




For personal use only
                          granted                granted                               $                    $                    years (%)         year (%)2                           $

      Other senior executives
      Mr Nick Kurtis      750,000 23 Sep 2015                         2016                  4.06            3,045,000                      –                –                      –                     –   2019–2021 1 Sep 2020
                          542,987               9 Oct 2014            2015                  4.05            2,199,097                      –                –                      –                     –   2018–2020 2 Sep 2019
                          421,053 27 Sep 2013                         2014                  3.66            1,541,054                      –                –                      –                     –   2017–2019 3 Sep 2018
                          463,576              12 Oct 2012            2013                  3.15            1,460,264                      – 33.3                                  –     920,969             2016–2018 1 Sep 2017
                          520,000 30 Sep 2011                         2012                  2.04            1,060,800 33.2 33.2                                     0.5                1,027,903             2015–2017 1 Sep 2016
                          480,000              1 Feb 2011             2011                  2.80            1,344,000 66.7 33.3                                                    –     953,600             2014–2016 1 Sep 2015
      Mr Nick Vrondas     750,000 23 Sep 2015                         2016                  4.06            3,045,000                      –                –                      –                     –   2019–2021 1 Sep 2020
                          497,738               9 Oct 2014            2015                  4.05            2,015,839                      –                –                      –                     –   2018–2020 2 Sep 2019
                          368,421 27 Sep 2013                         2014                  3.66            1,348,421                      –                –                      –                     –   2017–2019 3 Sep 2018
                          397,351              12 Oct 2012            2013                  3.15            1,251,656                      – 33.3                                  –     789,402             2016–2018 1 Sep 2017
                          360,000 30 Sep 2011                         2012                  2.04              734,400 33.2 33.2                                     0.5                  711,624             2015–2017 1 Sep 2016
                          293,700              1 Feb 2011             2011                  2.80              822,360 66.7 33.3                                                    –     583,484             2014–2016 1 Sep 2015
      Mr Jason Little     450,000 23 Sep 2015                         2016                  4.06            1,827,000                      –                –                      –                     –   2019–2021 1 Sep 2020
                          395,928               9 Oct 2014            2015                  4.05            1,603,508                      –                –                      –                     –   2018–2020 2 Sep 2019
                          315,789 27 Sep 2013                         2014                  3.66            1,155,788                      –                –                      –                     –   2017–2019 3 Sep 2018
                          231,788              12 Oct 2012            2013                  3.15              730,132                      – 33.3                                  –     460,487             2016–2018 1 Sep 2017
                          200,000 30 Sep 2011                         2012                  2.04              408,000 33.2 33.2                                     0.5                  395,351             2015–2017 1 Sep 2016
                          200,000              1 Feb 2011             2011                  2.80              560,000 66.7 33.3                                                    –     397,329             2014–2016 1 Sep 2015

      Notes in relation to the table analysis of performance rights over Goodman securities
      1. The fair value is determined at grant date and calculated using a combination of the standard Black Scholes model with a
         continuous dividend/distribution yield and a Monte Carlo model which simulated total returns for each of the S&P/ASX 100
         entities, and discounted the future value of any potential future vesting performance rights to arrive at a present value.
      2. As performance rights have an exercise price of $nil, Goodman securities are automatically issued to employees when the
         performance rights vest. Accordingly, the percentage of performance rights that vested during the financial year equals the
         percentage of securities issued during the financial year.
      3. The value of performance rights vested is calculated using the closing price on the ASX of $5.96 on 1 September 2015, the day
         the performance rights vested.
      4. As Goodman securities are automatically issued to employees when the performance rights vest, the expiry date is deemed to
         be the vesting date.




      38                                                              GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    8. Other prescribed information continued
                    Movement in Goodman securities
                    The movement during the financial year in the number of Goodman securities held, directly, indirectly or beneficially, by each KMP,
                    including their related parties, is as follows:
                    			Securities
                    			 issued on vesting
                    		 Held at the start of performance			                                                                             Held at the end




For personal use only
                      Year  of the year            rights Acquisitions Disposals                                                           of the year
                    Non-Executive Directors
                    Mr Ian Ferrier                   2016           159,309                     –            16,603              –            175,912
                                                     2015           141,674                     –            17,635              –            159,309
                    Mr Philip Fan                    2016            59,463                     –            13,495              –             72,958
                                                     2015            17,103                     –            42,360              –             59,463
                    Mr John Harkness                 2016            92,666                     –             3,231              –             95,897
                                                     2015            89,369                     –             3,297              –             92,666
                    Ms Anne Keating                  2016            64,033                     –                 –              –             64,033
                                                     2015            64,033                     –                 –              –             64,033
                    Ms Rebecca McGrath               2016            20,395                     –             6,011              –             26,406
                                                     2015            14,336                     –             6,059              –             20,395
                    Mr Phillip Pryke                 2016           108,232                     –             6,000              –            114,232
                                                     2015           108,232                     –                 –              –            108,232
                    Mr Jim Sloman                    2016            83,244                     –             4,884              –             88,128
                                                     2015            77,745                     –             5,499              –             83,244
                    Executive Directors
                    Mr Gregory Goodman               2016        41,476,923              877,674                  –    (4,370,000)         37,984,597
                                                     2015        45,583,572              828,624                  –    (4,935,273)         41,476,923
                    Mr Anthony Rozic                 2016           539,690              486,992                  –      (172,500)            854,182
                                                     2015           333,611              506,079                  –      (300,000)            539,690
                    Mr Philip Pearce                 2016           178,803              216,954                  –      (170,757)            225,000
                                                     2015           164,798              194,005                  –      (180,000)            178,803
                    Mr Danny Peeters                 2016           896,903              486,992                  –             –           1,383,895
                                                     2015           679,624              517,279                  –      (300,000)            896,903
                    Other senior executives
                    Mr Nick Kurtis                   2016           517,333              486,992                  –      (474,226)            530,099
                                                     2015           247,202              506,079              3,902      (239,850)            517,333
                    Mr Nick Vrondas                  2016           300,000              349,750                  –      (449,750)            200,000
                                                     2015           279,848              356,189                  –      (336,037)            300,000
                    Mr Jason Little                  2016           197,585              210,263                  –             –             407,848
                                                     2015                 –              197,585                  –             –             197,585

                    Movement in hybrid securities issued by Goodman PLUS Trust
                    Three of the executives hold, directly or beneficially, hybrid securities issued by Goodman PLUS Trust. The movements during the
                    financial year in the number of securities held by those executives, including their related parties, are as follows:
                    		 Held at the start		                                                                                              Held at the end
                      Year  of the year  Acquisitions                                                                                       of the year
                    Mr Anthony Rozic                                                        2016              1,000              –               1,000
                                                                                            2015              1,000              –               1,000
                    Mr Philip Pearce                                                        2016                  –          1,646               1,646
                                                                                            2015                  –              –                   –
                    Mr Nick Vrondas                                                         2016                120              –                 120
                                                                                            2015                120              –                 120

                    None of the Non-Executive Directors or other executives had any interests in hybrid securities issued by Goodman PLUS Trust.
                    Transactions with Directors, executives and their related entities
                    There are no other transactions with Directors, executives and their related entities.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                  39
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      CONTINUED



      Environmental regulations                                               Details of the amounts paid to KPMG and its related practices
      The Consolidated Entity has policies and procedures in place            for the audit and non-audit services provided during the
      that are designed to ensure that, where operations are subject          financial year to the Company and its controlled entities and
      to any particular and significant environmental regulation              amounts paid to other auditors for the statutory audit are set
      under a law of Australia, those obligations are identified and          out in note 24 to the consolidated financial statements.
      appropriately addressed. The Directors have determined that             Qualifications, experience and special responsibilities
      the Consolidated Entity has complied with those obligations             of Directors and Company Secretary




For personal use only
      during the financial year and that there has not been any
      material breach.                                                        Board of Directors
                                                                              Mr Ian Ferrier, AM – Independent Chairman
      Disclosure in respect of any indemnification and                        Member of the Audit Committee and Remuneration and
      insurance of officers and auditors                                      Nomination Committee
      Pursuant to the Constitution of the Consolidated Entity, current        Appointed 1 September 2003; Tenure 12 years, 10 months
      and former directors and officers of the Consolidated Entity
      are entitled to be indemnified. Deeds of Indemnity have been            Ian was appointed Chairman on 28 July 2009 (having been
      executed by the Consolidated Entity, consistent with the                Acting Chairman from 28 November 2008). Ian is a Fellow of
      Constitution, in favour of each Director. The Deed indemnifies          Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand and has
      each Director to the extent permitted by law for liabilities (other     in excess of 40 years of experience in company corporate
      than legal costs) incurred in their capacity as a director of the       recovery and turnaround practice. Ian is also a director of
      Consolidated Entity or a controlled entity and, in respect of           a number of private and public companies. He is currently
      legal costs, for liabilities incurred in defending or resisting civil   Chairman of Reckon Limited (director since August 2004) and
      or criminal proceedings.                                                a director of EnergyOne Limited (since January 2007). He was
                                                                              formerly the Chairman of InvoCare Limited (from March 2001
      Goodman has insured to the extent permitted by law, current             to October 2013) and Australian Vintage Ltd (from March 1991
      and former directors and officers of the Consolidated Entity in         to May 2015).
      respect of liability and legal expenses incurred in their capacity
      as a director or officer. As it is prohibited under the terms of the    His experience is essentially concerned with understanding the
      contract of insurance, the Directors have not included details          financial and other issues confronting company management,
      of the nature of the liabilities covered or the amount of the           analysing those issues and implementing policies and
      premiums paid.                                                          strategies which lead to success. Ian has significant experience
                                                                              in property and development, tourism, manufacturing,
      The auditors of the Consolidated Entity are not indemnified by          retail, hospitality and hotels, infrastructure and aviation and
      the Consolidated Entity or covered in any way by this insurance         service industries.
      in respect of the audit.
                                                                              Mr Gregory Goodman – Group Chief Executive Officer
      Non-audit services                                                      Appointed 7 August 1998; Tenure 17 years, 11 months
      During the financial year, KPMG, the Company’s auditor,                 Gregory is responsible for Goodman’s overall operations and
      performed certain other services in addition to its statutory           the implementation of its strategic plan. He has over 30 years
      duties. The Board has considered the non-audit services                 of experience in the property industry with significant expertise
      provided during the financial year to the Company and                   in the industrial property arena. Gregory was a co-founder of
      its controlled entities by the auditor and, in accordance               Goodman, playing an integral role in establishing its specialist
      with written advice authorised by a resolution of the Audit             global position in the property market through various
      Committee, resolved that it is satisfied that the provision             corporate transactions, including takeovers, mergers and
      of those non-audit services during the financial year by the            acquisitions.
      auditor is compatible with, and did not compromise, the auditor
      independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 for              He is a director of Goodman (NZ) Limited (the manager of
      the following reasons:                                                  the New Zealand Exchange listed Goodman Property Trust),
                                                                              and director and/or representative on other subsidiaries,
      + all non-audit services were subject to the corporate                  management companies and partnerships of the
        governance procedures adopted by the Company and                      Consolidated Entity.
        have been reviewed by the Audit Committee to ensure
        they do not impact the integrity and objectivity of the
        auditor; and
      + the non-audit services provided do not undermine the
        general principles relating to auditor independence as
        set out in APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
        Accountants, as they did not involve reviewing or auditing
        the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or
        decision making capacity for the Company, acting as
        an advocate for the Company or jointly sharing risks
        and rewards.




      40                                               GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Qualifications, experience and special responsibilities           Ms Rebecca McGrath – Independent Director
                    of Directors and Company Secretary continued                      Chairman of the Risk and Compliance Committee and
                    Board of Directors continued                                      Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                                                                                      Appointed 3 April 2012; Tenure 4 years, 3 months
                    Mr Philip Fan – Independent Director
                    Member of the Audit Committee and Risk and                        Rebecca is currently a director of Incitec Pivot Limited (since
                    Compliance Committee                                              September 2011) and OZ Minerals Limited (since November
                    Appointed 1 December 2011; Tenure 4 years, 7 months               2010). Rebecca is also currently a director of CSR Limited




For personal use only
                                                                                      (since February 2012) and has announced her retirement from
                    Philip was formerly an executive director and is now an           that Board. In addition, Rebecca is a director of Barristers’
                    independent non-executive director of Hong Kong Stock             Chambers Limited and of Scania Australia Pty Limited.
                    Exchange listed China Everbright International Ltd, a company     Rebecca is also Chairman of Project New Dawn Ltd, a social
                    which focuses on the business of environmental protection         welfare not for profit. In addition, Rebecca is a director of
                    through the development and operation of numerous waste-          Barristers’ Chambers Limited and of Scania Australia Pty
                    to-energy and waste water treatment plants in China. Earlier      Limited. Rebecca is also Chairman of Project New Dawn Ltd,
                    in his career, he was an executive director of CITIC Pacific      a social welfare not for profit. During her executive career at
                    Ltd in charge of industrial projects in China. He is currently    BP plc she held numerous senior roles in finance, operations,
                    a director of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange listed Hysan           corporate planning, project management and marketing in
                    Development Co Ltd, China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings         Australasia, the UK, and Europe. Her most recent executive
                    Limited, First Pacific Company Limited and Goulian Securities     experience was as Chief Financial Officer of BP Australasia.
                    Co. Ltd. He is also a member of the Asia Advisory Committee
                    of AustralianSuper.                                               Rebecca holds a Bachelors Degree of Town Planning, a
                                                                                      Masters of Applied Science (Project Management) and
                    Philip holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Industrial Engineering        is a graduate of the Cambridge University Business and
                    and a Master’s Degree in Operations Research from Stanford        Environment Program. She is a Fellow of the Australian
                    University, as well as a Master’s Degree in Management            Institute of Company Directors.
                    Science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
                                                                                      Mr Philip Pearce – Managing Director, Greater China
                    Mr John Harkness – Independent Director                           Appointed 1 January 2013; Tenure 3 years, 6 months
                    Chairman of the Audit Committee and Member of the                 Resigned 12 July 2016
                    Risk and Compliance Committee
                    Appointed 23 February 2005; Tenure 11 years, 4 months             Philip was responsible for the strategic development and
                                                                                      continued expansion of the Goodman’s business in the Greater
                    John is a Fellow of Chartered Accountants Australia and New       China region. He joined Goodman in 2002 and has over 16
                    Zealand and the Australian Institute of Company Directors. He     years of experience in real estate investment in the Asia Pacific
                    was a partner of KPMG for 24 years and National Executive         region, including four years in Singapore with Ascendas-MGM
                    Chairman for five years. Since leaving KPMG in June 2000,         Funds Management Limited, the manager of Ascendas Real
                    John has held a number of non-executive director roles. He is     Estate Investment Trust. Prior to joining Goodman, he was at
                    currently Chairman of Charter Hall Retail Management Limited      AMP Henderson Global Investors in Sydney where he worked
                    (director since August 2003), the management company of           in various roles within the AMP Henderson Property Group
                    Charter Hall Retail REIT. He is also Chairman of the Reliance     including valuation, asset management and fund management.
                    Rail group (since 2011). He was formerly a director of Sinclair
                    Knight Merz Management Pty Limited (from 2010 to December         Philip holds a Bachelor of Commerce and Graduate Diploma
                    2013). John is a member of the Territorial Headquarters           in Finance and Investment.
                    and Sydney Advisory Board of the Salvation Army and the
                    Chairman of the National Foundation for Medical Research          Mr Danny Peeters – Executive Director, Corporate
                    and Innovation.                                                   Appointed 1 January 2013; Tenure 3 years, 6 months

                    Ms Anne Keating – Independent Director                            Danny has oversight of Goodman’s European and Brazilian
                    Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee               operations and strategy. Danny has been with Goodman since
                    and Risk and Compliance Committee                                 2006 and has 17 years of experience in the property and
                    Appointed 23 February 2005; Tenure 11 years, 4 months             logistics sectors. Danny is a director and/or representative
                                                                                      of Goodman’s fund management entities, subsidiaries and
                    Anne has 20 years of experience as a director of public           partnerships in Europe and Brazil.
                    companies. She is currently a director of REVA Medical, Inc.
                    (since October 2010), GI Dynamics, Inc. (since June 2011) and     During his career, Danny has built up extensive experience
                    The Garvan Institute of Medical Research. Anne is also the        in the design, implementation and outsourcing of pan-
                    Chairman of Houlihan Lokey Australia Pty Ltd, the Australian      European supply chain and real estate strategies for various
                    arm of the global investment bank, Houlihan Lokey, based in       multinationals. Danny was Chief Executive Officer of Eurinpro,
                    Los Angeles. Anne was formerly a director of Ardent Leisure       a developer of tailor-made logistic property solutions in Europe
                    Group (March 1998 to September 2014) and ClearView Wealth         acquired by Goodman in May 2006.
                    Limited (November 2010 to October 2012) and, prior to that,
                    of Spencer Street Station Redevelopment Holdings Limited,
                    Insurance Australia Group Limited and STW Limited.
                    Anne is also a Governor of the Cerebral Palsy Alliance
                    Research Foundation and was, until May 2012, a trustee for
                    the Centennial Park and Moore Park Trust. Her last executive
                    position was as General Manager, Australia for United Airlines
                    for nine years until 2001.




                                                                 GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                       41
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      CONTINUED



      Qualifications, experience and special responsibilities          Mr Jim Sloman, OAM – Independent Director
      of Directors and Company Secretary continued                     Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
      Board of Directors continued                                     and Risk and Compliance Committee
                                                                       Appointed 1 February 2006; Tenure 10 years, 5 months
      Mr Phillip Pryke – Independent Director
      Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee            Jim has over 40 years of experience in the building and
      and Member of the Audit Committee                                construction industries in Australia and overseas, including
      Appointed 13 October 2010; Tenure 5 years, 9 months              experience with Sir Robert McAlpine & Sons in London,




For personal use only
                                                                       Lend Lease Corporation in Australia and as Deputy Chief
      Phillip is a director of North Ridge Partners Pty Limited and    Executive and Chief Operating Officer of the Sydney Organising
      Tru-Test Corporation Limited. He is also a director of Goodman   Committee for the Olympic Games (SOCOG) from 1997 to
      (NZ) Limited, the manager of the New Zealand Exchange            2001. He was the CEO and a director of MI Associates Pty
      listed Goodman Property Trust. He was formerly the Deputy        Limited, a company established by him and comprising
      Chairman and Lead Independent Director of New Zealand            some of the leading members of the former SOCOG senior
      Exchange listed Contact Energy Limited.                          management team. He advised on major events including
      Phillip has wide experience in the fishing, energy, financial    the London 2012 Olympic Games and Rio de Janiero 2016
      services, and health and technology industries and holds a       Olympic Games. Jim is currently working as an advisor to the
      Bachelor of Economics Degree.                                    Qatar 2022 World Cup.
      Mr Anthony Rozic – Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer          In addition, Jim is Chairman of Laing O’Rourke Australia Pty
      Appointed 1 January 2013; Tenure 3 years, 6 months               Limited and of several of its associated companies and a
                                                                       director of SHAPE Holdings Pty Limited and of several of its
      Anthony’s responsibilities for Goodman include assisting         associated companies. With his range of experience, Jim
      in setting and managing strategy, business performance,          brings significant property, construction and major projects
      corporate transactions and related operational projects with     expertise to Goodman.
      direct line management of marketing, information technology
      (IT), human resources, legal, compliance, insurance,
      sustainability and health & safety. Anthony joined Goodman
      in 2004 and until February 2009, was Group Chief Financial
      Officer where his responsibilities also included financial
      reporting, management reporting, forecasting and budgeting,
      tax, and capital and financial risk management. Anthony is
      a qualified Chartered Accountant and has over 20 years’
      experience in the property industry having previously held
      a number of senior roles in the property funds management
      industry and chartered accountancy profession.
      Anthony is also a director of the Goodman’s subsidiaries and
      was recently responsible for establishing the Goodman’s
      investment into the United States where he continues to be
      actively involved operationally.




      42                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Qualifications, experience and special responsibilities               The Directors’ report is made in accordance with a resolution of
                    of Directors and Company Secretary continued                          the Directors.
                    Company Secretary
                    Mr Carl Bicego – Company Secretary
                    Appointed 24 October 2006
                    Carl is the Company Secretary of the Company and its




For personal use only
                    Australian controlled entities, as well as Legal Counsel – Head
                    of Corporate. He has over 18 years of legal experience in
                    corporate law and joined Goodman from law firm Allens in
                    2006. Carl holds a Master of Laws and Bachelor of Economics/
                    Bachelor of Laws (Hons).
                                                                                          Ian Ferrier, AM              Gregory Goodman
                    Events subsequent to balance date                                     Independent Chairman         Group Chief Executive Officer
                    On 11 August 2016, GLHK proposed a dividend of 1.0 cent per
                    security to be paid on 26 August 2016.                                Sydney, 11 August 2016

                    In the opinion of the Directors, other than the declaration of the
                    dividend, there were no other events subsequent to balance
                    date, and up to the date of signature of this Directors’ report,
                    that would require adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated
                    financial report.
                    Declaration by the Group Chief Executive Officer
                    and Chief Financial Officer
                    The Group Chief Executive Officer and Group Chief Financial
                    Officer declared in writing to the Board that, in their opinion,
                    the financial records of the Consolidated Entity for the year
                    ended 30 June 2016 have been properly maintained and the
                    financial report for the year ended 30 June 2016 complies
                    with accounting standards and presents a true and fair view of
                    the Consolidated Entity’s financial condition and operational
                    results. This statement is required annually.
                    Lead auditor’s independence declaration under section
                    307C of the Corporations Act 2001
                    The lead auditor’s independence declaration is set out on page
                    44 and forms part of this Directors’ report for the financial year.
                    Rounding
                    The Consolidated Entity is an entity of a kind referred to
                    in Australian Securities & Investments Commission (ASIC)
                    Corporations (Rounding in Financial/ Directors’ Reports)
                    Instrument 2016/191, dated 24 March 2016. In accordance
                    with that Instrument, amounts in this Directors’ report and the
                    consolidated financial report have been rounded to the nearest
                    hundred thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.




                                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                    43
      LEAD AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION



      Lead auditor’s independence declaration under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
      To: The directors of Goodman Limited
      I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit for the financial year ended 30 June 2016, there
      have been:




For personal use only
      (i) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the
          audit; and
      (ii) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




      KPMG




      John Teer
      Partner
      Sydney, 11 August 2016




      KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG
      network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG            Liability limited by a scheme approved under
      International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.   Professional Standards Legislation.




      44                                                                          GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                    AS AT 30 JUNE 2016



                            Consolidated
                    		 2016              2015
                      Note $M             $M
                    Current assets
                    Cash                                                                              17(a)                  1,337.0          746.5
                    Receivables                                                                          7                     403.2          344.8
                    Inventories                                                                        6(b)                    687.0          364.3




For personal use only
                    Current tax receivables                                                            5(c)                      0.9           13.6
                    Other financial assets                                                              13                         –            4.4
                    Other assets		                                                                                              15.7           13.8
                    Total current assets		                                                                                   2,443.8        1,487.4
                    Non-current assets
                    Receivables                                                                          7                      34.3           45.7
                    Inventories                                                                        6(b)                    688.8        1,067.4
                    Investment properties                                                              6(b)                  2,720.7        2,906.0
                    Investments accounted for using the equity method                                  6(b)                  5,348.1        4,508.8
                    Deferred tax assets                                                                5(d)                     12.3           16.7
                    Other financial assets                                                              13                     330.1          234.8
                    Plant and equipment		                                                                                       19.7           17.5
                    Intangible assets                                                                   10                     780.6          976.4
                    Other assets		                                                                                               8.7            1.6
                    Total non-current assets		                                                                               9,943.3        9,774.9
                    Total assets		                                                                                          12,387.1       11,262.3
                    Current liabilities
                    Payables                                                                             8                       407.4       371.4
                    Current tax payables                                                               5(c)                       62.1        42.9
                    Interest bearing liabilities                                                        12                        20.3           –
                    Provisions                                                                           9                       211.5       207.1
                    Other financial liabilities                                                         13                         0.1        50.5
                    Total current liabilities		                                                                                  701.4       671.9
                    Non-current liabilities
                    Payables                                                                             8                      85.1          100.8
                    Interest bearing liabilities                                                        12                   2,844.9        2,707.9
                    Deferred tax liabilities                                                           5(d)                     44.7            5.6
                    Provisions                                                                           9                      43.4           52.7
                    Other financial liabilities                                                         13                     274.3          347.3
                    Total non-current liabilities		                                                                          3,292.4        3,214.3
                    Total liabilities		                                                                                      3,993.8        3,886.2
                    Net assets		                                                                                             8,393.3        7,376.1
                    Equity attributable to Goodman Limited (GL)
                    Issued capital                                                                    16(a)                      483.2        471.1
                    Reserves                                                                            18                        (24.1)     (508.8)
                    Retained earnings                                                                   19                        (11.7)      398.7
                    Total equity attributable to GL		                                                                            447.4        361.0
                    Equity attributable to Goodman Industrial Trust (GIT) (non-controlling interests)
                    Issued capital                                                                    16(a)                  6,914.1        6,842.3
                    Reserves                                                                            18                      (47.3)        272.9
                    Accumulated losses                                                                  19                    (344.0)      (1,338.5)
                    Total equity attributable to GIT		                                                                       6,522.8        5,776.7
                    Equity attributable to Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited (GLHK)
                    (non-controlling interests)
                    Issued capital                                                                    16(a)                    634.4          622.8
                    Reserves                                                                            18                     104.2          103.5
                    Retained earnings                                                                   19                     358.7          186.3
                    Total equity attributable to GLHK		                                                                      1,097.3          912.6
                    Total equity attributable to Securityholders		                                                           8,067.5        7,050.3
                    Other non-controlling interests                                                     20                     325.8          325.8
                    Total equity		                                                                                           8,393.3        7,376.1

                    The consolidated statement of financial position is to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                 GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                45
      CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016



              Consolidated
      		 2016              2015
        Note $M             $M
      Revenue
      Gross property income		                                              204.6      206.1
      Management income		                                                  259.3      215.3
      Development income                                              2  1,250.4      763.7




For personal use only
      		                                                                 1,714.3    1,185.1
      Property and development expenses
      Property expenses		                                                   (63.9)     (59.4)
      Development expenses                                            2   (929.1)    (619.0)
      		                                                                  (993.0)    (678.4)
      Other income
      Net gain from fair value adjustments on investment properties 6(e)   327.8      515.9
      Net gain on disposal of investment properties		                        18.1        7.8
      Net (loss)/gain on disposal of controlled entities              2       (2.3)     33.3
      Share of net results of equity accounted investments            2    928.6      614.1
      Net (loss)/gain on disposal of equity investments               2     (42.5)       0.4
      		                                                                 1,229.7    1,171.5
      Other expenses
      Employee expenses                                               2   (172.6)    (144.8)
      Share based payments expense                                    2     (66.9)     (51.0)
      Administrative and other expenses		                                   (79.1)     (76.2)
      Impairment losses                                               2   (249.1)      (28.2)
      		                                                                  (567.7)    (300.2)
      Profit before interest and tax		                                   1,383.3    1,378.0
      Net finance income/(expense)
      Finance income                                                11     114.6        59.8
      Finance expense                                               11    (127.6)    (187.6)
      Net finance expense		                                                (13.0)    (127.8)
      Profit before income tax		                                         1,370.3    1,250.2
      Income tax expense                                              5     (75.6)     (21.0)
      Profit for the year		                                              1,294.7    1,229.2
      (Loss)/profit attributable to GL                              19    (131.9)     219.9
      Profit attributable to GIT (non-controlling interests)        19   1,232.4      903.3
      Profit attributable to GLHK (non-controlling interests)       19     174.1        84.8
      Profit attributable to Securityholders		                           1,274.6    1,208.0
      Profit attributable to other non-controlling interests		               20.1       21.2
      Profit for the year		                                              1,294.7    1,229.2
      Basic profit per security (¢)                                   3      72.0       69.2
      Diluted profit per security (¢)                                 3      69.8       67.1

      The consolidated income statement is to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




      46                                         GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016



                            Consolidated
                    		 2016              2015
                      Note $M             $M
                    Profit for the year		                                                              1,294.7    1,229.2
                    Other comprehensive income for the year
                    Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                    Actuarial losses on defined benefit superannuation funds                     18(e)      (0.4)     (9.1)




For personal use only
                    Effect of foreign currency translation                                       18(e)       4.3      (2.8)
                    		                                                                                       3.9    (11.9)
                    Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
                    Decrease due to revaluation of other financial assets                        18(a)      (0.1)     (0.1)
                    Cash flow hedges:
                    – Change in value of financial instruments                                   18(b)      (0.9)      0.8
                    – Transfers from cash flow hedge reserve                                     18(b)         –       4.1
                    Effect of foreign currency translation                                         18     (33.4)    207.1
                    Transfers to the income statement from foreign currency translation reserve  18(c)     34.3          –
                    		                                                                                     (0.1)    211.9
                    Other comprehensive income for the year, net of income tax		                             3.8    200.0
                    Total comprehensive income for the year		                                          1,298.5    1,429.2
                    Total comprehensive income attributable to GL		                                        43.6     129.3
                    Total comprehensive income attributable to GIT (non-controlling interests)		       1,066.1    1,169.4
                    Total comprehensive income attributable to GLHK (non-controlling interests)		        168.7      109.3
                    Total comprehensive income attributable to Securityholders		                       1,278.4    1,408.0
                    Total comprehensive income attributable to other non-controlling interests		           20.1      21.2
                    Total comprehensive income for the year		                                          1,298.5    1,429.2

                    The consolidated statement of comprehensive income is to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                               GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                    47
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016



      Year ended 30 June 2015
      Consolidated                                                     Attributable to Securityholders
                                                                                         Accumu-               Other non-
                                                                   Issued                    lated             controlling      Total
                                                                   capital Reserves        losses         Total interests      equity
                                                           Note        $M          $M          $M           $M         $M         $M
      Balance at 1 July 2014                                       7,846.9    (1,330.5)    (611.8)   5,904.6        325.8     6,230.4  




For personal use only
      Total comprehensive income for the year
      Profit for the year                                19, 20         –            –    1,208.0    1,208.0         21.2     1,229.2)
      Other comprehensive income for the year,
      net of income tax                                                 –       200.0           –        200.0           –      200.0)
      Total comprehensive income for the year,
      net of income tax                                                 –       200.0     1,208.0    1,408.0         21.2     1,429.2
      Transfers                                                         –       961.4      (961.4)         –            –           –
      Contributions by and distributions to owners
      – Distribution reinvestment plan                     16(a)     89.4            –          –          89.4          –       89.4
      – Issue costs due to stapled securities              16(a)      (0.1)          –          –           (0.1)        –        (0.1)
      – Distributions declared on stapled securities        15           –           –     (388.3)       (388.3)         –     (388.3)
      – Distributions paid on Goodman PLUS                  20           –           –          –              –     (21.2)     (21.2)
      – Equity settled share based payments expense
         recognised in the income statement                   2          –       36.7           –       36.7            –        36.7
      Balance at 30 June 2015                                      7,936.2     (132.4)     (753.5)   7,050.3        325.8     7,376.1




      48                                         GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Year ended 30 June 2016
                    Consolidated                                                           Attributable to Securityholders
                                                                                                            (Accumu-
                                                                                                                  lated
                                                                                                               losses)/            Other non-
                                                                                       Issued                 retained             controlling      Total
                                                                                       capital Reserves earnings              Total interests      equity
                                                                             Note          $M          $M           $M          $M         $M         $M




For personal use only
                    Balance at 1 July 2015                                            7,936.2      (132.4)    (753.5)    7,050.3        325.8     7,376.1
                    Total comprehensive income for the year
                    Profit for the year                                     19, 20          –           –    1,274.6     1,274.6         20.1     1,294.7
                    Other comprehensive income for the year,
                    net of income tax                                                       –         3.8           –           3.8          –        3.8
                    Total comprehensive income for the year,
                    net of income tax                                                       –        3.8     1,274.6     1,278.4         20.1     1,298.5
                    Transfers                                                               –      110.1      (110.1)          –            –           –
                    Contributions by and distributions to owners
                    – Distribution reinvestment plan                          16(a)      95.5           –           –          95.5          –       95.5
                    – Distributions declared on stapled securities             15           –           –      (408.0)       (408.0)         –     (408.0)
                    – Distributions paid on Goodman PLUS                       20           –           –           –             –      (20.1)     (20.1)
                    – Equity settled share based payments expense
                       recognised in the income statement                        2          –        51.3           –       51.3            –        51.3
                    Balance at 30 June 2016                                           8,031.7        32.8         3.0    8,067.5        325.8     8,393.3

                    The consolidated statement of changes in equity is to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes. For an analysis of
                    equity attributable to shareholders of Goodman Limited, equity attributable to unitholders in Goodman Industrial Trust (non-
                    controlling interests) and equity attributable to shareholders of Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited (non-controlling interests),
                    refer to notes 16, 18 and 19.




                                                                 GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                       49
      CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2015



              Consolidated
      		 2016              2015
        Note $M             $M
      Cash flows from operating activities
      Property income received		                                                                          216.8      213.9
      Cash receipts from development activities		                                                       1,520.4      983.3
      Other cash receipts from services provided		                                                        254.9      245.7




For personal use only
      Property expenses paid		                                                                             (73.7)     (65.1)
      Payments for development activities		                                                            (1,036.5)    (951.5)
      Other cash payments in the course of operations		                                                  (270.6)    (230.9)
      Distributions/dividends received from equity accounted investments		                                421.5      511.6
      Interest received		                                                                                    8.6       13.9
      Finance costs paid		                                                                               (191.8)      (34.9)
      Net income taxes paid		                                                                              (19.5)     (31.3)
      Net cash provided by operating activities                            17(b)                          830.1      654.7
      Cash flows from investing activities
      Proceeds from disposal of investment properties		                                                   636.1        62.5
      Proceeds from disposal of controlled entities, net of cash disposed		                                  1.1     234.2
      Proceeds from disposal of equity investments		                                                      105.8            –
      Cash recognised on restructure of Brazil operations		                                                  8.7           –
      Payments for equity investments		                                                                  (479.9)    (382.3)
      Payments for investment properties		                                                               (103.4)      (58.4)
      Payments for plant and equipment		                                                                    (8.4)       (3.8)
      Net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities		                                               160.0     (147.8)
      Cash flows from financing activities
      Issue costs due to stapled securities		                                                                –         (0.1)
      Net cash flows from loans to related parties		                                                       1.0          2.6
      Proceeds from borrowings		                                                                         184.8       460.5
      Repayments of borrowings		                                                                        (255.6)     (279.0)
      Distributions paid		                                                                              (329.8)     (304.3)
      Net cash used in financing activities		                                                           (399.6)     (120.3)
      Net increase in cash held		                                                                        590.5       386.6
      Cash at the beginning of the year		                                                                746.5       359.9
      Cash at the end of the year                                          17(a)                       1,337.0       746.5

      The consolidated cash flow statement is to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
      Non-cash transactions are included in note 17(c).




      50                                           GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                    Basis of preparation                                               (c) Foreign currency translation
                    1. Basis of preparation                                            Functional and presentation currency
                    Goodman Limited (Company or Parent Entity) is a company            Items included in the consolidated financial statements of each
                    domiciled in Australia. The consolidated financial report of       of the Company’s controlled entities are measured using the
                    the Company as at and for the year ended 30 June 2016              currency of the primary economic environment in which the
                    comprises the Company and its controlled entities (together        entity operates (functional currency). The consolidated financial
                    Goodman or Consolidated Entity) and Goodman’s interests            statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is the




For personal use only
                    in associates and joint ventures (JVs).                            Company’s functional and presentation currency.
                    (a) Statement of compliance                                        Transactions
                    This consolidated financial report is a general purpose            Foreign currency transactions are translated to each entity’s
                    financial report which has been prepared in accordance with        functional currency at rates approximating to the foreign
                    Australian Accounting Standards adopted by the Australian          exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Amounts
                    Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and the Corporations             receivable and payable in foreign currencies at the balance
                    Act 2001. International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)       date are translated at the rates of exchange ruling on that date.
                    form the basis of Australian Accounting Standards adopted          Resulting exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss.
                    by the AASB. The consolidated financial report also complies
                    with IFRS.                                                         Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms
                                                                                       of historical cost are translated at rates of exchange applicable
                    The consolidated financial report is presented in Australian       at the date of the initial transaction. Non-monetary items which
                    dollars and was authorised for issue by the Directors on           are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated
                    11 August 2016.                                                    using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value
                                                                                       was determined.
                    (b) Basis of preparation of the consolidated
                    financial report                                                   Translation of controlled foreign operations
                    The stapling of the Company, GIT and GLHK was implemented          The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated
                    on 22 August 2012. Shares in the Company, units in GIT and         into Australian dollars at foreign exchange rates ruling at the
                    CDIs over shares in GLHK are stapled to one another and are        balance date.
                    quoted as a single security on the ASX.
                                                                                       Revenue and expenses are translated at weighted average
                    Australian Accounting Standards require an acquirer to be          rates for the financial year. Exchange differences arising on
                    identified and an in-substance acquisition to be recognised.       translation are taken directly to the foreign currency translation
                    In relation to the stapling of the Company, GIT and GLHK,          reserve. On cessation of operations in a foreign region, the
                    the Company is identified as having acquired control over          cumulative exchange differences relating to the operations in
                    the assets of GIT and GLHK. The issued units of GIT and            that region, that have been included in the foreign currency
                    shares of GLHK are not owned by the Company and are                translation reserve, are reclassified to profit or loss.
                    presented as non-controlling interests in the Consolidated
                    Entity. Accordingly, the equity in the net assets of both GIT      Exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part
                    and GLHK has been separately identified in the statement of        of the net investment in a foreign operation are recognised in
                    financial position and the profit or loss arising from those net   the foreign currency translation reserve on consolidation.
                    assets has been separately identified in the income statement.
                    The consolidated financial report is prepared on the historical
                    cost basis, subject to any impairment of assets, except that the
                    following assets and liabilities are stated at fair value:
                    + investment properties;
                    + derivative financial instruments;
                    + financial instruments classified as available for sale; and
                    + liabilities for cash settled share based payment
                      arrangements.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                      51
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Basis of preparation continued
      1. Basis of preparation continued
      Exchange rates used
      The following exchange rates are the main exchange rates used in translating foreign currency transactions, balances and
      financial statements to Australian dollars:
                                                                                    Weighted average                      As at 30 June




For personal use only
      Australian dollar (AUD) to                                                   2016            2015                2016             2015
      New Zealand dollars (NZD)                                                 1.0903            1.0755            1.0456            1.1381
      Hong Kong dollars (HKD)                                                   5.6530            6.4869            5.7786            5.9739
      Chinese yuan (CNY)                                                        4.6927            5.1748            4.9564            4.7784
      Japanese yen (JPY)                                                       84.9874           95.5310           76.8420           94.1320
      Euros (EUR)                                                               0.6565            0.6959            0.6725            0.6910
      British pounds sterling (GBP)                                             0.4919            0.5304            0.5613            0.4903
      United States dollars (USD)                                               0.7285            0.8366            0.7447            0.7708
      Brazil real (BRL)                                                         2.6922            2.2299            2.3718            2.3930

      (d) Changes in accounting policy                                   (g) Critical accounting estimates used in the preparation
      The AASB has issued new standards and amendments to                of the consolidated financial statements
      standards that are first effective for the current accounting      The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires
      period of the Consolidated Entity. There are no significant        estimates and assumptions concerning the application
      changes in accounting policies for the current financial year.     of accounting policies and the future to be made by the
                                                                         Consolidated Entity. Estimates are continually evaluated and
      (e) Australian Accounting Standards issued but not yet             are based on historical experience and other factors, including
      effective                                                          expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable
      As at the date of this consolidated financial report, the          under the circumstances.
      following Australian Accounting Standards were available for
      early adoption but have not been applied in preparing these        The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk
      financial statements:                                              of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
                                                                         assets and liabilities within the next financial year can be found
      + revisions to AASB 9 Financial Instruments include                in the following notes:
        requirements for the classification and measurement
        of financial assets and replace AASB 139 Financial               + Note 6 – Property assets;
        Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. The                    + Note 10 – Goodwill and intangible assets; and
        revised AASB 9 Financial Instruments will become                 + Note 14 – Financial risk management.
        mandatory for the Consolidated Entity’s 30 June 2019             The accounting impacts of revisions to estimates are
        financial statements. The new standard is not expected           recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and
        to have a material impact on the Consolidated Entity’s           in any future periods affected.
        financial statements;
      + AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers                    Measurement of fair values
        provides a single revenue recognition model based on             A number of the Consolidated Entity’s accounting policies and
        the transfer of goods and services and the consideration         disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both
        expected to be received in return for that transfer. The         financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.
        new standard will become mandatory for the Consolidated
        Entity’s 30 June 2019 financial statements. Based on             When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the
        Goodman’s existing contractual arrangements, the new             Consolidated Entity uses market observable data as far as
        standard is not expected to have a material impact on the        possible. Fair values are categorised into different levels in a
        Consolidated Entity’s financial statements; and                  fair value hierarchy and have been defined as follows:
      + AASB 16 Leases introduces a single lessee accounting             + Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for
        model and requires a lessee to recognise assets and                identical assets or liabilities;
        liabilities for all leases with a term of more than 12 months,   + Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within
        unless the underlying asset is of low value. A lessee is           Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
        required to recognise a right of use asset representing its        directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from
        right to use the underlying leased asset and a lease liability     prices); and
        representing its obligations to make lease payments. The         + Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based
        new standard will become mandatory for the Consolidated            on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
        Entity’s 30 June 2020 financial statements and will result in
        the gross up of assets and liabilities associated with office    Further information about the assumptions made in measuring
        buildings that Goodman leases; however, the impact is not        fair values is included in the following notes:
        expected to be material in the context of the Consolidated       + Note 6 – Property assets; and
        Entity’s financial statements.                                   + Note 14 – Financial risk management.
      (f) Rounding
      The Consolidated Entity is an entity of a kind referred to
      in Australian Securities & Investments Commission (ASIC)
      Corporations (Rounding in Financial/ Directors’ Reports)
      Instrument 2016/191, dated 24 March 2016. In accordance
      with that Instrument, amounts in this Directors’ report and the
      consolidated financial report have been rounded to the nearest
      hundred thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.


      52                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Results for the year                                                 Net gain on disposal of investment properties
                    2. Profit before income tax                                          The disposal of an investment property is recognised when
                    Gross property income                                                the significant risks and rewards of ownership have been
                                                                                         transferred. The gain or loss on disposal of investment
                    Gross property income comprises rental income entitlements           properties is calculated as the difference between the carrying
                    under operating leases, net of incentives provided, plus             amount of the property at the time of the disposal and the
                    recoverable outgoings.                                               proceeds on disposal (less transaction costs and any provision




For personal use only
                    Rental income entitlements under operating leases are                for future rental guarantees) and is included in the income
                    recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease       statement in the period of disposal.
                    contract. Where operating lease rental income is recognised          Employee expenses
                    relating to fixed increases in rentals in future years, an asset
                    is recognised. This asset is a component of the relevant             Wages, salaries, and annual leave
                    investment property carrying amount. The cost of lease               Wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, and
                    incentives provided to customers is recognised on a straight-        annual leave that are expected to be settled within 12 months
                    line basis over the life of the lease as a reduction of gross        of the balance date represent present obligations resulting from
                    property income.                                                     employees’ services provided to the balance date. These are
                                                                                         calculated at undiscounted amounts based on rates that the
                    Recoverable outgoings are recognised as income when the              Consolidated Entity expects to pay as at balance date including
                    relevant outgoings are recorded as an expense.                       related on-costs, such as workers’ compensation insurance
                    Management income                                                    and payroll tax.
                    Fee income derived from investment management and property           Bonus
                    services is recognised progressively as the services are             A liability is recognised in other payables and accruals for
                    provided. Any performance related investment management              bonuses where there is a contractual obligation or where there
                    income is recognised on attainment of the performance                is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation.
                    related conditions.                                                  Liabilities for bonuses that are expected to be settled within
                    Development income                                                   12 months are measured at the amounts expected to be paid,
                    Development income comprises income from disposal of                 including related on-costs, when they are settled. Liabilities for
                    inventories, fee income from development management                  bonuses, including related on-costs, which are expected to be
                    contracts and income from fixed price construction contracts.        settled after more than 12 months are discounted to reflect the
                                                                                         estimated timing of payments.
                    The disposal of inventories is recognised when the significant
                    risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred. The gain       Long-term service benefits
                    or loss on disposal of inventories is calculated as the difference   The Consolidated Entity’s net obligation in respect of long-term
                    between the carrying amount of the asset at the time of              service benefits, other than defined benefit superannuation
                    disposal and the proceeds on disposal (less transaction costs        funds, is the amount of future benefit that employees have
                    and any provision for future rental guarantees) and is included      earned in return for their service in the current and prior
                    in the income statement in the period of disposal.                   financial year. The obligation is calculated using expected
                                                                                         future increases in wage and salary rates including related
                    Fee income from development management services is                   on-costs and expected settlement dates, and is discounted
                    recognised progressively as the services are provided in             to reflect the estimated timing of benefit payments.
                    proportion to the stage of completion by reference to costs
                    incurred. Any performance related development management             Superannuation
                    income is recognised on attainment of the performance                Defined contribution funds
                    related consideration.                                               Obligations for contributions to defined contribution funds are
                    Certain development activities are assessed as being fixed           recognised as an expense as incurred.
                    price construction contracts. Revenue and expenses relating          Defined benefit funds
                    to these construction contracts are recognised in the income
                    statement in proportion to the stage of completion of the            A liability or asset in respect of a defined benefit fund is
                    relevant contracts. The stage of completion is assessed              recognised in the statement of financial position, and is
                    by reference to costs incurred to date as a percentage of            measured as the present value of the defined benefit obligation
                    estimated total costs for each contract. When the outcome of         at the balance date less the fair value of the fund’s assets at
                    a construction contract cannot be estimated reliably, contract       that date. The present value of the defined benefit obligation
                    revenue is recognised only to the extent of contract costs           is based on expected future payments which arise from
                    incurred that are likely to be recoverable. An expected loss on      membership of the fund to the balance date, calculated
                    a contract is recognised immediately in the income statement.        annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit
                                                                                         credit method. Consideration is given to the expected future
                                                                                         wage and salary levels, experience of employee departures and
                                                                                         periods of service.
                                                                                         Expected future payments are discounted using market yields
                                                                                         at the balance date on high quality corporate bonds with terms
                                                                                         to maturity and currency that match, as closely as possible, the
                                                                                         estimated future cash outflows.
                                                                                         Actuarial gains and losses arising from experience adjustments
                                                                                         and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or credited
                                                                                         directly to equity.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                        53
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Results for the year continued
      2. Profit before income tax continued
      Profit before income tax has been arrived at after crediting/(charging) the following items:
              Consolidated
      		 2016              2015
        Note $M             $M




For personal use only
      Development activities
      Income from disposal of inventories		                                                                    469.3       358.1
      Net gain on disposal of special purpose development entities		                                            25.0        23.3
      Other development income		                                                                               756.1       382.3
      Development income		                                                                                   1,250.4       763.7
      Inventory cost of sales		                                                                               (381.3)     (339.8)
      Other development expenses		                                                                            (547.8)     (279.2)
      Development expenses		                                                                                  (929.1)     (619.0)
      Equity accounted investments
      Share of net results of investments in associates
      – Operating results after tax (before revaluations)                                         6(f)(i)     288.3       299.6
      – Fair value adjustments attributable to investment properties                              6(f)(i)     439.1       182.9
      – Fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                                6(f)(i)       6.9         7.1
      Share of net results of investments in JVs
      – Operating results after tax (before revaluations)                                         6(f)(ii)     88.1        85.9
      – Fair value adjustments attributable to investment properties                              6(f)(ii)    107.5        39.1
      – Fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                                6(f)(ii)      (1.3)       (0.5)
      Share of net results of equity accounted investments		                                                  928.6       614.1
      Disposal of equity investments
      Net consideration from disposal of associates and JVs		                                                 114.3          0.7
      Carrying value of associates and JVs disposed                                      6(f)(i), 6(f)(ii)     (92.6)       (0.3)
      Loss on restructure of Brazil operations                                                       21        (64.2)          –
      Net (loss)/gain on disposal of equity investments		                                                     (42.5)         0.4
      Disposal of controlled entities
      Net consideration received and receivable from the disposal of controlled entities             21           1.9      228.8
      Carrying value of net assets disposed                                                          21          (4.2)    (195.5)
      Net (loss)/gain on disposal of controlled entities		                                                       (2.3)      33.3
      Employee expenses
      Wages, salaries and on-costs		                                                                          (159.1)     (134.6)
      Annual and long service leave		                                                                            (5.2)       (2.5)
      Superannuation costs		                                                                                     (8.3)       (7.7)
      Employee expenses		                                                                                     (172.6)     (144.8)
      Share based payments
      Equity settled share based payments expense		                                                            (51.3)      (36.7)
      Cash settled share based payments expense		                                                                (7.8)       (7.5)
      Other share based payments related costs		                                                                 (7.8)       (6.8)
      Share based payments expense		                                                                           (66.9)      (51.0)
      Amortisation and depreciation
      Amortisation of leasehold improvements		                                                                   (0.5)      (1.2)
      Depreciation of plant and equipment		                                                                      (7.2)      (5.4)
      Amortisation and depreciation		                                                                            (7.7)      (6.6)
      Impairment losses
      Impairment of receivables		                                                                                 (2.1)      (1.1)
      Impairment of inventories                                                                    6(d)         (42.4)     (15.1)
      Impairment of other financial assets		                                                                         –     (12.0)
      Impairment of intangible assets                                                                10       (204.6)           –
      Impairment losses		                                                                                     (249.1)      (28.2)




      54                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Results for the year continued
                    3. Profit per security
                    Basic profit per security is calculated by dividing the profit or loss attributable to the Securityholders by the weighted average
                    number of securities outstanding during the year. Diluted profit per security is determined by adjusting the profit or loss
                    attributable to the Securityholders and weighted average number of securities outstanding for all dilutive potential securities,
                    which comprise performance rights issued under the LTIP and securities contingently issuable on conversion of hybrid securities.




For personal use only
                    Under Australian Accounting Standards, the issued units of GIT and the CDIs over the shares of GLHK are presented as non-
                    controlling interests and as a consequence the Directors are also required to present a profit per share and a diluted profit
                    per share based on Goodman Limited’s profit attributable to the Shareholders, which excludes the profit attributable to GIT
                    and GLHK.
                    Details of these calculations are set out below:
                    		 2016                                                                                                                         2015
                    		 ¢                                                                                                                               ¢
                    Profit per security
                    Basic profit per security		                                                                                   72.0              69.2
                    Diluted profit per security		                                                                                 69.8              67.1
                    Loss/(profit) per Company share
                    Basic (loss)/profit per Company share		                                                                       (7.5)             12.6
                    Diluted (loss)/profit per Company share		                                                                     (7.0)             12.1

                    (a) Basic and diluted profit or loss per security/per Company share
                    		 2016                                                                                                                         2015
                      Note $M                                                                                                                        $M
                    Profit per security
                    Profit after tax used in calculating basic profit per security                      19                     1,274.6         1,208.0
                    Distribution on Goodman PLUS		                                                                                20.1            21.2
                    Profit after tax used in calculating diluted profit per security		                                         1,294.7         1,229.2
                    Loss/(profit) per Company share
                    (Loss)/profit after tax used in calculating basic (loss)/profit per Company share   19                      (131.9)          219.9
                    Impact on conversion of Goodman PLUS		                                                                         2.3             1.9
                    (Loss)/profit after tax used in calculating diluted (loss)/profit per Company share		                       (129.6)          221.8

                    (b) Weighted average number of securities
                                                                                                                                 2016           2015
                                                                                                                                  Number of securities
                    Weighted average number of securities/shares used in calculating basic profit
                    or loss per security/per Company share		 1,770,270,056 1,745,301,730
                    Effect of performance rights on issue		                                       39,558,004 34,946,851
                    Effect of issue of securities to Goodman PLUS holders		                       45,944,104 52,270,189
                    Weighted average number of securities/shares used in calculating diluted
                    profit or loss per security/Company share		 1,855,772,164 1,832,518,770




                                                                  GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                    55
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Results for the year continued
      4. Segment reporting
      An operating segment is a component of the Consolidated Entity that engages in business activities from which it may earn
      revenues and incur expenses. The Consolidated Entity reports the results and financial position of its operating segments based
      on the internal reports regularly reviewed by the Group Chief Executive Officer in order to assess each segment’s performance
      and to allocate resources to them.




For personal use only
      The Consolidated Entity is based in Australia and has separately managed divisions in Asia Pacific (primarily Australia, New
      Zealand, Hong Kong, China and Japan), Europe (Continental Europe and the United Kingdom) and the Americas (North America
      and Brazil).
      The activities and services undertaken by the divisions include:
      + direct and indirect ownership of investment properties;
      + development; and
      + investment management and property services.
      Segment results that are reported to the Group Chief Executive Officer include items that are directly attributable to a segment
      and the portion that can be allocated to the segment on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items include fair value adjustments
      and impairments, interest and tax expense, interest bearing receivables and payables, derivative financial instruments, provisions
      for distributions to Securityholders, provisions for distributions on hybrid securities, corporate assets, head office expenses and
      income tax assets and liabilities.
      Information regarding the operations of each reportable segment is included below.
      Information about reportable segments
                                          Australia and 		                    Continental
                                          New Zealand         Asia              Europe         United Kingdom        Americas           Total
                                          2016     2015  2016     2015       2016    2015       2016     2015      2016 2015        2016     2015
      Income statement                     $M        $M   $M       $M         $M      $M         $M       $M        $M     $M        $M       $M
      External revenues
      Gross property income              176.1     183.3       2.5     5.1    11.6       9.5     8.2       8.2       6.2       –   204.6     206.1
      Management income                  107.2      86.5      78.2    67.3    45.7      38.6    27.2      19.7       1.0     3.2   259.3     215.3
      Development income                 179.2     233.5      42.5    42.6   889.4     370.1   107.6     111.5      31.7     6.0 1,250.4     763.7
      Total external revenues            462.5     503.3     123.2   115.0   946.7     418.2   143.0     139.4      38.9     9.2 1,714.3 1,185.1
      Reportable segment
      profit before tax                  468.0     415.3     187.5   157.0   227.8     127.5    82.2      99.7      15.4     8.4   980.9     807.9
      Share of net results of equity
      accounted investments
      Operating results (excluding
      fair value adjustments)            164.5     178.3     119.4    77.7    41.6      42.2    54.1      77.4      (3.2)    9.9   376.4     385.5
      Fair value adjustments –
      not included in reportable
      segment profit before tax          272.7     113.5     165.6    76.1    34.6      23.6    21.1      15.4      58.2      –    552.2     228.6
      Other material non-cash items
      not included in reportable
      segment profit before tax
      Net gain/(loss) from fair value
      adjustments on investment
      properties                         340.2     546.1        –       –      (9.0)   (18.8)    (3.4)   (11.4)        –      –     327.8    515.9
      Impairment losses                    (7.3)     (5.5)      –       –    (16.8)    (13.2) (225.0)      (9.5)       –      –    (249.1)    (28.2)

                                          2016      2015     2016    2015    2016      2015     2016     2015      2016     2015    2016      2015
      Statement of financial position      $M        $M       $M      $M      $M        $M       $M       $M        $M       $M      $M        $M
      Reportable segment assets         5,365.1 5,303.6 1,848.3 1,727.7 1,695.6 1,577.0 1,102.0 1,391.5            908.6 414.3 10,919.6 10,414.1
      Non-current assets                5,155.6 5,085.8 1,687.8 1,564.8 1,375.1 1,500.5        782.5     968.5     596.6 402.5 9,597.6 9,522.1
      Included in reportable
      segment assets are:
      Investment properties             2,645.0 2,816.5          –       –    45.2      52.7    30.5      36.8         –       – 2,720.7 2,906.0
      Investments accounted for
      using the equity method           2,425.6 2,092.3 1,483.6 1,146.7      542.9     536.9   308.5     338.3     587.5 394.6 5,348.1 4,508.8
      Reportable segment liabilities     129.9     185.9      70.8    36.3    97.2      47.9    45.1      65.0      56.0    20.4   399.0     355.5




      56                                               GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Results for the year continued
                    4. Segment reporting continued
                    Reconciliation of reportable segment revenues, profit or loss, assets and liabilities
                    		 2016                                                                                                                             2015
                      Note $M                                                                                                                            $M
                    Revenues
                    Total revenue for reportable segments		                                                                         1,714.3          1,185.1




For personal use only
                    Consolidated revenues		                                                                                         1,714.3          1,185.1
                    Profit or loss
                    Total profit before tax for reportable segments		                                                                 980.9            807.9
                    Corporate expenses not allocated to reportable segments		                                                        (102.2)            (90.8)
                    Operating profit before net interest and income tax		                                                             878.7            717.1
                    Valuation and other adjustments not included in reportable segment profit before tax:
                    – Net gain from fair value adjustments on investment properties                       6(e)                        327.8            515.9
                    – Impairment losses                                                                     2                        (249.1)            (28.2)
                    – Fair value adjustments relating to associates and JVs                                 2                         552.2            228.6
                    – Share based payments expense                                                          2                          (66.9)           (51.0)
                    – Net capital losses not distributed and tax deferred adjustments		                                                (68.1)             (5.2)
                    – Profit on disposal of investment properties		                                                                       9.5                –
                    – Straight lining of rental income		                                                                                 (0.8)             0.8
                    Profit before interest and tax		                                                                                1,383.3          1,378.0
                    Net finance expense                                                                   11                           (13.0)         (127.8)
                    Consolidated profit before income tax		                                                                         1,370.3          1,250.2
                    Assets
                    Assets for reportable segments		                                                                              10,919.6         10,414.1
                    Other unallocated amounts		                                                                                    1,467.5            848.2
                    Consolidated total assets		                                                                                   12,387.1         11,262.3
                    Liabilities
                    Liabilities for reportable segments		                                                                             399.0            355.5
                    Interest bearing liabilities		                                                                                  2,865.2          2,707.9
                    Provisions for distributions to Securityholders                                         9                         197.4            194.6
                    Other unallocated amounts		                                                                                       532.2            628.2
                    Consolidated total liabilities		                                                                                3,993.8          3,886.2

                    5. Income tax
                    Income tax is recognised in the income statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity,
                    in which case it is recognised in equity.
                    Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the financial year and any adjustment to tax payable in respect
                    of previous financial years.
                    Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
                    reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The following temporary differences are not accounted for:
                    + goodwill;
                    + the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit; and
                    + differences relating to investments in controlled entities to the extent that they will probably not reverse in the foreseeable future.
                    The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of
                    assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets or liabilities in respect of investment properties held at fair value are calculated on
                    the presumption that the carrying amount of the investment property will be recovered through sale. A deferred tax asset is
                    recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised.
                    Deferred tax assets are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.
                    Additional income taxes that arise from dividends/distributions are recognised at the same time as the liability to pay the related
                    dividends/distributions.
                    GIT
                    Under current Australian income tax legislation, GIT is not liable for income tax, including capital gains tax, provided that
                    Securityholders are presently entitled to the distributable income of GIT as calculated for trust law purposes. Tax allowances
                    for building and plant and equipment depreciation are distributed to Securityholders in the form of tax deferred components
                    of distributions. Any taxable capital gains are distributed.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                         57
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Results for the year continued
      5. Income tax continued
                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                    2016            2015
                                                                                                                     $M              $M
      Current tax expense recognised in the income statement
      Current year                                                                                                 (54.2)              (23.6)




For personal use only
      Adjustment for current tax in prior periods                                                                    0.4                 1.8
                                                                                                                   (53.8)              (21.8)
      Deferred tax (expense)/benefit recognised in the income statement
      Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                            (21.8)                0.8
                                                                                                                   (21.8)                0.8
      Total income tax expense                                                                                     (75.6)              (21.0)
      (a) Income tax expense
      Profit before income tax                                                                                   1,370.3           1,250.2
      Prima facie income tax expense calculated at 30% (2015: 30%) on the profit before income tax                (411.1)           (375.1)
      Decrease/(increase) in income tax due to:
      – Profit attributable to Unitholders                                                                        353.1               267.0
      – Current year losses for which no deferred tax asset was recognised                                         (50.6)              (39.5)
      – Non-deductible impairment losses and fair value movements                                                  (66.5)              (13.7)
      – Non-assessable amounts from share of results of equity accounted investments                                39.3                31.2
      – Non-deductible share based payments expense                                                                (21.3)              (16.4)
      – Other non-assessable items                                                                                  19.1                 2.6
      – Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                                           61.0              112.5
      – Difference in overseas tax rates                                                                              2.1                8.4
      – Adjustment for current tax in prior periods                                                                   0.4                1.8
      – Other items                                                                                                  (1.1)               0.2
      Income tax expense                                                                                          (75.6)              (21.0)
      (b) Deferred tax benefit recognised directly in equity
      Due to actuarial losses on defined benefit funds                                                               0.5                 2.0
                                                                                                                     0.5                 2.0
      (c) Net income tax payable
      Net balance at the beginning of the year                                                                     (29.3)              (39.3)
      Decrease/(increase) in current net tax payable due to:
      – Net income taxes paid                                                                                       19.5                28.8
      – Current tax expense                                                                                        (53.8)              (21.8)
      – Other                                                                                                        2.4                 3.0
      Net balance at the end of the year                                                                           (61.2)              (29.3)
      Current tax receivables                                                                                        0.9                13.6
      Current tax payables                                                                                         (62.1)              (42.9)
                                                                                                                   (61.2)              (29.3)

      (d) Deferred tax assets and liabilities
      Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) are attributable to the following:
                                                               Net                 Deferred tax assets               Deferred tax liabilities
                                                    2016              2015        2016             2015             2016              2015
      Consolidated                                   $M                $M          $M               $M                $M                 $M
      Investment properties                         (81.2)            (78.0)        4.0               –            (85.2)              (78.0)
      Receivables                                     (6.5)             (4.7)         –               –              (6.5)               (4.7)
      Tax losses                                     42.4              84.0        42.4            84.0                 –                   –
      Payables                                         3.6               0.8        3.6             0.8                 –                   –
      Provisions                                       9.3               9.0        9.3             9.0                 –                   –
      Other items                                        –                 –          –             0.9                 –                (0.9)
      Tax (liabilities)/assets                      (32.4)             11.1        59.3            94.7            (91.7)              (83.6)
      Set off of tax                                     –                 –      (47.0)          (78.0)            47.0                78.0
      Net tax (liabilities)/assets                  (32.4)             11.1        12.3            16.7            (44.7)               (5.6)

      Deferred tax assets of $295.5 million in relation to tax losses have not been recognised by the Consolidated Entity at 30 June
      2016 (2015: $284.0 million).




      58                                                GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating assets and liabilities                                    Stabilised investment properties
                    6. Property assets                                                  Stabilised investment properties are completed investment
                    (a) Types of property assets                                        properties that are capable of earning rental income. An
                                                                                        independent valuation of stabilised investment properties
                    Goodman’s investment in property assets includes both               is obtained at least every three years to use as a basis for
                    inventories and investment properties, which may be                 measuring the fair value of the properties.
                    held either directly or through its investments in managed
                    partnerships (both associates and JVs).                             At each balance date occurring between obtaining independent




For personal use only
                                                                                        valuations, the Directors review the carrying value of the
                    Inventories                                                         Consolidated Entity’s investment properties to be satisfied
                    Inventories relate to land and property developments that           that, in their opinion, the carrying value of the investment
                    are held for sale or development and sale in the normal             properties reflects the fair value of the investment properties
                    course of the Consolidated Entity’s business. Where property        at that date. Changes in fair value are recognised directly in
                    developments are forecast to be completed and sold more             the income statement.
                    than 12 months after the balance date, then the inventories
                    are classified as non-current.                                      Investment properties under development
                                                                                        Investment properties under development include land,
                    Work in progress in relation to land subdivision and                new investment properties in the course of construction and
                    development projects includes the costs of acquisition,             investment properties that are being redeveloped. Property
                    planning, management and development and holding costs              under development for future use as an investment property
                    such as interest and taxes. Work in progress is carried at the      is measured at fair value.
                    lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is
                    the estimated selling price in the normal course of business,       Deposits for investment properties
                    less the estimated costs of completion and selling expenses.        Deposits and other costs associated with acquiring investment
                    Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net realisable      properties that are incurred prior to the Consolidated Entity
                    value. The calculation of net realisable value requires             obtaining legal title are recorded at cost and disclosed as other
                    estimates and assumptions which are continually evaluated           assets in the statement of financial position.
                    and are based on historical experience and expectations
                    of future events that are believed to be reasonable under
                    the circumstances.
                    Investment properties
                    Investment properties comprise investment interests in land
                    and buildings held for the purpose of leasing to produce rental
                    income and/or for capital appreciation. Investment properties
                    are carried at fair value. The calculation of fair value requires
                    estimates and assumptions which are continually evaluated
                    and are based on historical experience and expectations of
                    future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
                    circumstances. Investment properties are not depreciated
                    as they are subject to continual maintenance and regularly
                    revalued on the basis described below.
                    Components of investment properties
                    Land and buildings (including integral plant and equipment)
                    comprising investment properties are regarded as composite
                    assets and are disclosed as such in the consolidated
                    financial report.
                    Investment property carrying values include the costs of
                    acquiring the properties and subsequent costs of development,
                    including costs of all materials used in construction, costs
                    of managing the project, holding costs and borrowing costs
                    incurred during the development period.
                    Amounts provided to customers as lease incentives and assets
                    relating to fixed rental income increases in operating lease
                    contracts are included within investment property values.
                    Lease incentives are amortised over the term of the lease on
                    a straight-line basis.
                    Direct expenditure associated with leasing a property is also
                    capitalised within investment property values and amortised
                    over the term of the lease.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                    59
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Operating assets and liabilities continued
      6. Property assets continued
      (b) Summary of Goodman’s investment in property assets
              Consolidated
      		 2016              2015
        Note $M             $M




For personal use only
      Inventories
      Current                                            6(d)      687.0   364.3
      Non-current                                        6(d)      688.8 1,067.4
      		                                                         1,375.8 1,431.7
      Investment properties
      Stabilised investment properties		                         2,552.5 2,709.6
      Investment properties under development		                    168.2   196.4
                                                          6(e)   2,720.7 2,906.0
      Investments accounted for using the equity method
      Associates                                        6(f)(i)  3,733.0 3,195.3
      JVs                                               6(f)(ii) 1,615.1 1,313.5
      		                                                         5,348.1 4,508.8
      Total property assets		                                    9,444.6 8,846.5

      (c) Estimates and assumptions in determining property               External valuations are undertaken only where market
      carrying values                                                     segments were observed to be active. In making the
      Inventories                                                         determination of whether a market segment is active,
                                                                          the following characteristics are considered:
      For both inventories held directly and inventories held in
      managed partnerships, external valuations are not performed         + function of the asset (distribution/warehouse or
      but instead valuations are determined using the feasibility           suburban office);
      studies supporting the land and property developments. The          + location of asset (city, suburb or regional area);
      end values of the developments in the feasibility studies are       + carrying value of the asset (categorised by likely appeal
      based on assumptions such as capitalisation rates, letting up         to private (including syndicates), national and institutional
      periods and incentives that are consistent with those observed        investors); and
      in the relevant market. Where the feasibility study calculations    + categorisation as primary or secondary based on a
      indicate that the forecast cost of a completed development            combination of location, weighted average lease expiry,
      will exceed the net realisable value, then the inventories            quality of tenant covenant (internal assessment based on
      are impaired.                                                         available market evidence) and age of construction.
      Investment properties                                               Each property asset is assessed and grouped with assets
      Stabilised investment properties                                    in the same or similar market segments. Information on all
                                                                          relevant recent sales is also analysed using the same criteria
      Stabilised investment properties refer to investment properties     to provide a comparative set. Unless three or more sales are
      which are not under development. The fair value of stabilised       observed in an individual market segment (taken together with
      investment properties is based on current prices in an active       any comparable market segments as necessary), that market
      market for similar properties in the same location and condition    segment is considered inactive.
      and subject to similar lease and other contracts. The current
      price is the estimated amount for which a property could            Where a market segment is observed to be active, then
      be exchanged between a willing buyer and a willing seller in        external, independent valuations are performed for stabilised
      an arm’s length transaction after proper marketing wherein          investment properties where there has been more than a
      the parties had each acted knowledgably, prudently and              25 basis point movement in capitalisation rates and/or there
      without compulsion.                                                 has been a material change in tenancy profile and/or there has
                                                                          been significant capital expenditure, and/or there has been
      Approach to determination of fair value                             a change in use (or zoning) of the asset and/or it has been
      The approach to determination of fair value of investment           three years since the previous external, independent valuation.
      properties is applied to both investment properties held directly   For all other stabilised investment properties in an active
      and investment properties held in managed partnerships.             market segment, an internal valuation is performed based on
      Valuations are determined based on assessments and                  observable capitalisation rates and referenced to independent
      estimates of uncertain future events, including upturns and         market data.
      downturns in property markets and availability of similar           Where a market segment is observed to be inactive, then no
      properties, vacancy rates, market rents and capitalisation          external, independent valuations are performed and internal
      and discount rates. Recent and relevant sales evidence and          valuations are undertaken based on discounted cash flow
      other market data are taken into account. Valuations are            (DCF) calculations. The DCF calculations are prepared over a
      either based on an external, independent valuation or on an         10 year period. The key inputs considered for each individual
      internal valuation.                                                 calculation are rental growth rates, discount rates, market rental
                                                                          rates and letting up incentives. Discount rates are computed
                                                                          using the 10 year bond rate or equivalent in each jurisdiction
                                                                          plus increments to reflect country risk, tenant credit risk and
                                                                          industry risk. Where possible, the components of the discount
                                                                          rate are benchmarked to available market data.



      60                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating assets and liabilities continued                                       (d) Inventories
                    6. Property assets continued                                                                                                   Consolidated
                    (c) Estimates and assumptions in determining property                                                                       2016           2015
                    carrying values continued                                                                                                    $M             $M
                    Market assessment                                                                Current
                                                                                                     Land and development properties           687.0            364.3
                    At 30 June 2016, all markets in which Goodman operated were
                                                                                                                                               687.0            364.3




For personal use only
                    observed to be active and no adjustments were made to the
                    carrying value of stabilised investment properties arising from                  Non-current
                    internal valuations using DCF calculations. The overall weighted                 Land and development properties           688.8           1,067.4
                    average capitalisation rates for the divisional portfolios
                    (including managed partnerships) are as set out in the table                                                               688.8           1,067.4
                    below:                                                                           During the financial year, impairments of $42.4 million
                                                                 Total portfolio weighted            (2015: $15.1 million) were recognised to write down
                                                                average capitalisation rate          development land to net realisable value.
                                                                      2016              2015
                                                                                                     During the financial year, borrowing costs of $32.4 million
                    Division                                             %                %
                                                                                                     (2015: $63.3 million) previously capitalised into the carrying
                    Australia1                                           6.7                   7.3   value of inventories were expensed to the income statement
                    New Zealand                                          7.0                   7.5   on disposal of the inventories.
                    Hong Kong                                            5.4                   6.0
                    China                                                8.1                   8.5   (e) Investment properties
                    Japan                                                4.9                   5.1   Reconciliation of carrying amount of directly held
                    Logistics – Continental Europe                       6.3                   6.8   investment properties
                    Logistics – United Kingdom                           6.9                   7.6
                                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                    Business Parks – United Kingdom                      6.5                   6.8
                    North America                                        4.5                     –                                              2016           2015
                                                                                                                                                 $M             $M
                  1. Excludes urban renewal sites which are valued on a rate per residential
                     unit site basis.
                                                                                                     Carrying amount at the
                                                                                                     beginning of the year                    2,906.0          2,532.9
                                                                                                     Cost of acquisition:
                    During the current financial year, the fair values of 99%                        – Other acquisitions                       37.0                –
                    (2015: 94%) of these stabilised investment properties held                       Capital expenditure                        67.5            105.2
                    directly by Goodman (by reference to carrying value) were                        Disposals:
                    determined based on a valuation by an independent valuer                         – Carrying value of properties sold       (617.1)           (61.9)
                    who held a recognised and relevant professional qualification                    – On disposal of interests in
                    and had recent experience in the location and category of the                       controlled entities                         –           (200.6)
                    investment property being valued.                                                Transfers from inventories                   1.4              3.9
                                                                                                     Net gain from fair value adjustments      327.8             515.9
                    For Goodman’s investments in managed partnerships, typically                     Effect of foreign currency translation      (1.9)            10.6
                    100% of the stabilised investment property portfolios are
                    valued by an independent valuer in each financial year.                          Carrying amount at the
                                                                                                     end of the year                          2,720.7          2,906.0
                    Investment properties under development                                          Analysed by segment:
                    External valuations are generally not performed for investment                   Australia and New Zealand                2,645.0          2,816.5
                    properties under development held directly by the Consolidated                   Continental Europe                          45.2             52.7
                    Entity, but instead valuations are determined using the                          United Kingdom                              30.5             36.8
                    feasibility studies supporting the developments. The end                                                                  2,720.7          2,906.0
                    values of the developments in the feasibility studies are based
                    on assumptions to determine capitalisation rates, letting up
                    periods and incentives that are consistent with those observed
                    in the relevant market adjusted for a profit and risk factor. This
                    profit and risk factor will vary depending on the nature, location
                    and size of the development but is generally in a market range
                    of 10% to 15%.
                    This practice of determining fair value by reference to the
                    development feasibility is generally also applied for Goodman’s
                    investments in managed partnerships. However, certain
                    partnerships do obtain independent valuations for investment
                    properties under development each financial year.




                                                                          GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                            61
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Operating assets and liabilities continued
      6. Property assets continued
      (e) Investment properties continued
      Other information regarding directly held investment properties
      The fair value measurement approach for directly held investment properties has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value
      based on the inputs to the valuation method used (see notes 1(g) and 6(c)). The majority of Goodman’s directly held investment




For personal use only
      properties are in Australia and the valuation technique used in measuring the fair value, as well as the values assumed for the
      significant unobservable inputs, are summarised in the table below:
      Valuation technique                Significant unobservable input                                                 2016              2015
      Income capitalisation              Range of net market rents (per square metre per annum)                  $40 to $300       $42 to $300
                                         Capitalisation rate (weighted average)                                       6.70%             7.30%
      The estimated fair value would increase if net market rents were higher and/or if capitalisation rates were lower. The estimated fair
      value would decrease if the net market rents were lower and/or if the capitalisation rates were higher.
      In addition there are assets in Sydney, NSW that have been rezoned for residential mixed use. Certain of these sites have
      seen significant value uplifts as a result of the change in zoning, with the valuations of these sites determined by reference to
      comparable sales data, as summarised in the table below:
      Valuation technique Significant unobservable input                                                               2016              2015
      Direct comparison   Sales price for comparable residential sites (rate per unit)                           $100,000 to       $100,000 to
      		                                                                                                           $300,000          $300,000
      The Consolidated Entity leases out investment properties under operating leases. The weighted average lease expiry of
      Goodman’s directly held investment properties in Australia is 3.3 years.
      Non-cancellable operating lease commitments receivable from investment property customers
      The analysis in the table below reflects the gross property income, excluding recoverable outgoings, based on the Consolidated
      Entity’s existing lease agreements. It assumes that leases will not extend beyond the next review date, where the customer has an
      option to end the lease.
                                                                                                                            Consolidated
                                                                                                                         2016            2015
                                                                                                                          $M              $M
      Non-cancellable operating lease commitments receivable:
      – Within one year                                                                                                 128.7             141.0
      – One year or later and no later than five years                                                                  315.3             387.3
      – Later than five years                                                                                           338.9             242.5
                                                                                                                        782.9             770.8

      (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method
      Investments accounted for using the equity method comprise associates and JVs, which are collectively referred to as managed
      partnerships.
      Associates
      An associate is an entity in which the Consolidated Entity exercises significant influence but not control over its financial and
      operating policies. In the consolidated financial statements, investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method.
      Investments in associates are carried at the lower of the equity accounted amount and recoverable amount. Under this method,
      the Consolidated Entity’s share of post-acquisition gains or losses of associates is recognised in the consolidated income
      statement and its share of post-acquisition movements in reserves is recognised in consolidated reserves. Cumulative post-
      acquisition movements in both profit or loss and reserves are adjusted against the cost of the investment.
      JVs
      A JV is an arrangement in which the Consolidated Entity has joint control, whereby the Consolidated Entity has rights to the net
      assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities. In the consolidated financial statements,
      investments in JVs are accounted for using the equity method. Investments in JVs are carried at the lower of the equity accounted
      amount and recoverable amount. The Consolidated Entity’s share of the JVs’ net profit or loss is recognised in the consolidated
      income statement from the date joint control commences to the date joint control ceases. Movements in reserves are recognised
      directly in the consolidated reserves.
      Transactions eliminated on consolidation
      Unrealised gains resulting from transactions with associates and JVs, including those relating to contributions of non-monetary
      assets on establishment, are eliminated to the extent of the Consolidated Entity’s interest. Unrealised gains relating to associates
      and JVs are eliminated against the carrying amount of the investment. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as
      unrealised gains, unless they evidence an impairment of an asset.




      62                                              GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating assets and liabilities continued
                    6. Property assets continued
                    (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method continued
                    (i) Investments in associates
                    The Consolidated Entity’s associates are set out below:
                                                                                      Consolidated share		                                            Consolidated




For personal use only
                                                                                      of associate’s result   Consolidated                             investment
                                                                                           recognised       ownership interest                       carrying amount
                                                               Country of
                                                               establishment/          2016           2015           2016            2015           2016           2015
                    Name of associate                          incorporation            $M             $M              %               %             $M             $M
                    Property investment
                    Goodman Australia
                    Industrial Partnership (GAIP)  Australia      229.5 148.3                                        27.5            27.5        1,186.6        1,025.3
                    Goodman Australia Partnership
                    (GAP)                          Australia      131.1  68.8                                        19.9            19.9          549.8          479.4
                    Goodman Property Trust (GMT)1  New Zealand     43.5  32.0                                        20.7            18.0          313.7          223.0
                    Goodman Hong Kong Logistics
                    Partnership (GHKLP)            Cayman Islands 182.4  83.6                                        20.0            20.0          754.9          575.0
                    Goodman Japan Core Partnership
                    (GJCP)2                        Japan           27.7  19.5                                        20.0            22.4          215.3          163.2
                    Goodman European Partnership
                    (GEP)                          Luxembourg      52.8  45.8                                        20.4            20.4          456.1          415.3
                    Arlington Business Parks
                    Partnership (ABPP)             United Kingdom  67.3  91.6                                        43.1            43.1          256.6          314.1
                    		                                            734.3 489.6                                                                    3,733.0        3,195.3
                  1. GMT is listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange (NZX). The market value of the Consolidated Entity’s investment in GMT at 30 June 2016 using the
                     quoted price on the last day of trading was $327.3 million (2015: $226.9 million).
                  2. The consolidated ownership interest in GJCP reflects the weighted average ownership interest in the various property investment vehicles.

                    The reconciliation of the carrying value at the beginning to the carrying value at the end of the year is set out as follows:
                                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                2016            2015
                    Movement in carrying amounts of associates                                                                                   $M              $M
                    Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                                             3,195.3            2,851.1
                    Share of net results after tax (before revaluations)                                                                       288.3              299.6
                    Share of fair value adjustments attributable to investment properties                                                      439.1              182.9
                    Share of fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                                                            6.9              7.1
                    Share of net results                                                                                                       734.3              489.6
                    Share of movements in reserves                                                                                                (1.0)             0.4
                    Acquisitions                                                                                                                 76.6              94.5
                    Disposals                                                                                                                   (18.8)                –
                    Distributions received and receivable                                                                                     (303.4)            (364.5)
                    Effect of foreign currency translation                                                                                       50.0             124.2
                    Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                                   3,733.0            3,195.3




                                                                       GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                 63
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Operating assets and liabilities continued
      6. Property assets continued
      (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method continued
      (i) Investments in associates continued
      The table below includes further information regarding the Consolidated Entity’s associates held at the end of the financial year:
                                      GAIP               GAP                 GMT                GHKLP              GJCP2                GEP               ABPP




For personal use only
                                  2016   2015        2016   2015         2016  2015          2016   2015        2016  2015          2016   2015        2016  2015
                                   $M      $M         $M     $M           $M     $M           $M     $M          $M      $M          $M     $M          $M     $M
      Summarised
      statement of
      financial position
      Total current assets     595.9   436.3 464.3 380.3        59.1    11.6   325.8    46.0    86.2 117.5     185.0 348.5                              46.1      51.6
      Total non-current
      assets                 5,864.0 5,534.1 3,397.2 3,231.7 2,433.1 1,995.4 4,367.6 3,813.9 1,925.6 1,262.9 3,642.8 3,202.1                           886.7 1,139.1
      Total current
      liabilities              171.9   528.1 134.1 238.0        26.6    72.9    84.7    85.1    92.6    18.6   132.1 117.1                              39.6      50.4
      Total non-
      current liabilities    2,040.3 1,788.7 988.3 1,129.0     981.1 703.1     840.5   905.8 844.2 632.9 1,456.0 1,399.2                               298.2    411.8
      Net assets (100%)      4,247.7 3,653.6 2,739.1 2,245.0 1,484.5 1,231.0 3,768.2 2,869.0 1,075.0 728.9 2,239.7 2,034.3                             595.0    728.5
      Consolidated
      ownership interest      27.5% 27.5% 19.9% 19.9% 20.7% 18.0% 20.0% 20.0% 20.0% 22.4% 20.4% 20.4%                                                 43.1% 43.1%
      Consolidated share
      of net assets          1,169.3 1,005.8 545.5 447.2       307.2 221.5     753.6   573.8 215.3 163.2       456.1 414.3                             256.4    313.8
      Capitalised costs            –     2.8       –        –    6.5     1.5     1.3     1.2       –       –       –     1.0                             0.2      0.3
      Distributions
      receivable1               17.3    16.7     4.3    32.2       –       –       –       –       –       –       –       –                                –          –
      Carrying amount
      of investment          1,186.6 1,025.3 549.8 479.4       313.7 223.0     754.9   575.0 215.3 163.2       456.1 415.3                             256.6    314.1
      Summarised
      statement of
      comprehensive
      income
      Revenue                  464.1   473.6 308.1 321.8       129.9 143.2     237.8   200.0 177.4 175.4       242.0 226.0                              94.3    166.1
      Profit after tax
      and revaluations         842.7   538.7 658.6 345.3       219.6 171.7     911.9   417.8 139.5      92.6   262.9 221.1                             156.1    212.7
      Other comprehensive
      income                     0.5     0.5     4.5     (0.4)     –       –       –       –       –       –       –       –                                –          –
      Total comprehensive
      income (100%)            843.2   539.2 663.1 344.9       219.6 171.7     911.9   417.8 139.5      92.6   262.9 221.1                             156.1    212.7
      Distributions received
      and receivable by the
      Consolidated Entity       68.2    67.0    60.8    30.1    14.8    13.1    17.4    15.6    21.2     7.9    33.4    28.6                            87.6    202.2
    1. Distributions receivable relate to distributions provided for but not paid by the associates at 30 June 2016. This is applicable to trusts in Australia where
       unitholders are presently entitled to income at the end of the financial year.
    2. The consolidated ownership interest in GJCP reflects the weighted average ownership interest in the various property investment vehicles.




      64                                                     GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating assets and liabilities continued
                    6. Property assets continued
                    (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method continued
                    (ii) Investments in JVs
                    A summary of the results and ownership interest of the Consolidated Entity’s principal JVs is set out below:
                    			Consolidated




For personal use only
                                              Consolidated share   Consolidated       investment
                                                of net results   ownership interest carrying amount
                               Country of
                               establishment/ 2016          2015 2016          2015 2016         2015
                    Name of JV incorporation   $M             $M   %             %   $M           $M
                    Property investment
                    KWASA Goodman Industrial
                    Partnership (KGIP)               Australia       28.1  24.5 40.0 40.0   213.5                                                                           199.6
                    Property development
                    Goodman Japan Development
                    Partnership (GJDP)               Japan           33.8  34.9 50.0 50.0    95.9                                                                            79.3
                    Property investment and development
                    Goodman China Logistics
                    Partnership (GCLP)               Cayman Islands  41.2  15.8 20.0 20.0   414.3                                                                           329.1
                    Goodman North America
                    Partnership (GNAP)               USA             64.5   8.8 55.0 55.0   587.5                                                                           252.0
                    Other JVs		                                      26.7  40.5			          303.9                                                                           453.5
                    		                                              194.3 124.5			        1,615.1                                                                         1,313.5

                    The reconciliation of the carrying value at the beginning to the carrying value at the end of the year is set out as follows:
                                                                                                                                                           Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                        2016            2015
                    Movement in carrying amounts of JVs                                                                                                  $M              $M
                    Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                                                    1,313.5               1,004.5
                    Share of net results after tax (before revaluations)                                                                                88.1                 85.9
                    Share of fair value adjustments attributable to investment properties                                                             107.5                  39.1
                    Share of fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                                                                  (1.3)                (0.5)
                    Share of net results                                                                                                              194.3                 124.5
                    Share of movements in reserves                                                                                                     (14.1)                  0.2
                    Acquisitions                                                                                                                      421.2                 258.3
                    Disposals                                                                                                                          (73.8)                 (0.3)
                    Transfer on reclassification as a controlled entity1                                                                             (117.6)                     –
                    Distributions/dividends received and receivable                                                                                  (118.5)               (147.1)
                    Effect of foreign currency translation                                                                                              10.1                 73.4
                    Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                                          1,615.1               1,313.5
                  1. Relates to Goodman’s interest in the WT Goodman JV as a result of the JV partners agreeing to split their respective interests (refer to note 21).




                                                                           GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                     65
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Operating assets and liabilities continued
      6. Property assets continued
      (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method continued
      (ii) Investments in JVs continued
      The table below includes further information regarding the Consolidated Entity’s principal JVs held at the end of the financial year:
                                                                       KGIP                 GJDP                 GCLP                GNAP




For personal use only
                                                             2016          2015     2016        2015     2016           2015     2016     2015
                                                              $M            $M       $M          $M       $M             $M       $M       $M
      Summarised statement
      of financial position
      Current assets
      Cash and cash equivalents                               3.5          1.1      48.8        37.3     161.8       276.6        27.1     38.0
      Other current assets                                  299.8          1.8       2.2         1.0      46.3        15.0        19.6     27.2
      Total current assets                                  303.3          2.9      51.0        38.3     208.1       291.6        46.7     65.2
      Total non-current assets                              548.6        793.2     412.0       302.5   2,399.9     1,815.9     1,038.5    406.8
      Current liabilities
      Financial liabilities                                      –            –       0.2          –        –           –           –          –
      Other current liabilities                               11.9          6.1      27.5       19.6    146.0       102.1        24.8       21.6
      Current liabilities                                     11.9          6.1      27.7       19.6    146.0       102.1        24.8       21.6
      Non-current liabilities
      Financial liabilities                                 300.0         298.4     244.7      164.4     306.8       294.2         0.7       0.5
      Other non-current liabilities                           6.2           4.1       4.0        2.4      94.7        75.0           –         –
      Total non-current liabilities                         306.2         302.5     248.7      166.8     401.5       369.2         0.7       0.5
      Net assets (100%)                                     533.8         487.5     186.6      154.4   2,060.5     1,636.2     1,059.7     449.9
      Consolidated ownership interest                      40.0%         40.0%     50.0%      50.0%     20.0%       20.0%       55.0%     55.0%
      Consolidated share of net assets                      213.5         195.0      93.3       77.2     412.1       327.2       582.8     247.4
      Capitalised costs                                         –           4.5       2.6        2.1       2.2         1.9         4.7       4.6
      Distributions receivable                                  –           0.1         –          –         –           –           –         –
      Carrying amount of investment                         213.5         199.6      95.9       79.3     414.3       329.1       587.5     252.0
      Summarised statement of
      comprehensive income
      Revenue                                                 96.6         71.6    251.5       305.7      96.3        67.6       13.9         0.7
      Interest income                                           0.1         0.1         –          –       1.0          0.8          –          –
      Interest expense                                       (12.3)       (12.5)     (0.2)         –     (14.2)        (0.1)      (0.1)      (0.1)
      Income tax (expense)/benefit                                –           –      (0.1)       0.1     (15.5)      (20.7)       (0.1)         –
      Profit after tax and revaluations                       84.8         61.2     67.7        69.8    205.9         79.1      117.4       16.0
      Other comprehensive income                               (3.1)          –         –          –         –            –          –          –
      Total comprehensive income (100%)                       81.7         61.2     67.7        69.8    205.9         79.1      117.4       16.0
      Distributions/dividends received
      and receivable by the Consolidated Entity               14.1         14.4      76.7       73.1       4.3           0.2       2.0      30.9

      For other JVs, the total profit after tax and revaluations is $126.8 million (2015: $186.6 million) and other comprehensive income
      is $nil (2015: $nil).




      66                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating assets and liabilities continued                           8. Payables
                    7. Receivables                                                       Trade and other payables are recognised initially at trade
                    Receivables comprise trade and other receivables and loans           date fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs.
                    to related parties and are recognised on the date that they are      Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and other payables are
                    originated, initially at fair value plus any directly attributable   measured at amortised cost.
                    transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, receivables    The Consolidated Entity derecognises trade and other payables
                    are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate     when the contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled




For personal use only
                    method, less any impairment losses.                                  or expire.
                    The Consolidated Entity derecognises a receivable when the           Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount
                    contractual rights to the cash flows from the receivable expire      presented in the statement of financial position when, and
                    or it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows     only when, the Consolidated Entity has legal right to offset the
                    on the receivable in a transaction in which substantially all the    amounts and intends to either settle on a net basis or to realise
                    risks and rewards of the receivable are transferred.                 the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.
                    Impairment                                                                                                          Consolidated
                    The carrying amounts of receivables are assessed at each                                                         2016           2015
                    balance date to determine whether there is any indication of                                                      $M             $M
                    impairment. If such indication exists, the receivable is written     Current
                    down to the present value of the estimated future cash flows         Trade payables                              71.2            49.5
                    discounted at the original effective interest rate. The impairment   Other payables and accruals                336.2           321.9
                    is recognised in profit or loss in the reporting period in which
                    it occurs.                                                                                                      407.4           371.4
                                                                                         Non-current
                    Calculation of recoverable amount                                    Other payables and accruals                 85.1           100.8
                    The recoverable amount of the Consolidated Entity’s                                                              85.1           100.8
                    receivables carried at amortised cost is calculated as the
                    present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at
                    the original effective interest rate (i.e. the effective interest
                    rate computed at initial recognition of these financial assets).
                    Receivables with a short duration are not discounted.
                    Impairment of receivables is not recognised until objective
                    evidence is available that a loss event has occurred. Significant
                    receivables are individually assessed for impairment.
                    Reversals of impairment
                    Impairment losses are reversed when there is an indication
                    that the impairment loss may no longer exist and there
                    has been a change in the estimate used to determine the
                    recoverable amount.
                           Consolidated
                    		2016             2015
                     Note $M            $M
                    Current
                    Trade receivables		          36.5  55.7
                    Other receivables		         299.0 247.3
                    Amounts due from
                    related parties          22  64.7  36.0
                    Loans to related parties 22   3.0   5.8
                    		                          403.2 344.8
                    Non-current
                    Loans to related parties 22  31.9  43.0
                    Other receivables		           2.4   2.7
                    		                           34.3  45.7




                                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                     67
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Operating assets and liabilities continued                         Impairment
      9. Provisions                                                      The carrying amounts of the Consolidated Entity’s goodwill
      A provision is recognised when there is a legal, equitable or      and management rights are tested annually for impairment. For
      constructive obligation as a result of a past event and it is      the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill and management
      probable that a future sacrifice of economic benefits will be      rights are allocated to the related cash-generating units
      required to settle the obligation, the timing or amount of which   monitored by management. An impairment loss is recognised
      is uncertain.                                                      whenever the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit




For personal use only
                                                                         exceeds its recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is the
      If the effect is material, a provision is determined by            greater of the fair value (net of disposal costs) and the value
      discounting the expected future cash flows (adjusted for           in use but given that goodwill and management rights are not
      expected future risks) required to settle the obligation at a      frequently traded (i.e. fair value is difficult to ascertain), the
      pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the       recoverable amount will be equal to the value in use of the
      time value of money and the risks specific to the liability most   cash-generating unit. In assessing value in use, the estimated
      closely matching the expected future payments. The unwinding       future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a
      of the discount is treated as part of the expense related to the   pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments
      particular provision.                                              of the time value of money and the risks specific to the cash-
             Consolidated                                                generating unit.
      		2016             2015                                            Impairment losses are recognised in the income statement.
       Note $M            $M                                             Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating
      Current                                                            units are allocated first to reduce the goodwill allocated to
      Distributions to                                                   the cash-generating unit, then to the carrying amount of the
      Securityholders     15(b) 197.4 194.6                              management rights allocated to the cash-generating unit and
      Onerous contracts		         3.5   3.5                              then to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the
      Employee benefits		        10.6   9.0                              cash-generating unit on a pro rata basis.
      		                        211.5 207.1 An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed.
      Non-current                           An impairment loss for management rights is reversed only
      Onerous contracts		         4.6   7.6 to the extent that its carrying amount does not exceed its
      Rental guarantee		          2.5   2.6 original cost.
      Employee benefits		         2.2   2.6 A summary of the Consolidated Entity’s goodwill and intangible
      Net defined benefit                   assets are set out by below:
      superannuation fund		      34.1  39.9
      		                         43.4  52.7                                                Consolidated
                                                                                                                     2016            2015
                                                                                                                      $M              $M
      10. Goodwill and intangible assets
                                                                         Goodwill                                   678.1           672.1
      The Consolidated Entity recognises both goodwill and indefinite    Management rights                          102.5           304.3
      life management rights in its statement of financial position.
                                                                                                                    780.6           976.4
      Goodwill
      Goodwill arising on the acquisition of controlled entities is      The carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets is analysed
      stated at cost less any accumulated impairment losses (refer       by division in the table below:
      below). No amortisation is provided.                                                                              Consolidated
      Management rights                                                                                              2016           2015
                                                                         Carrying amounts                             $M             $M
      When the Consolidated Entity acquires fund and/or asset
      management activities as part of a business combination,           Goodwill
      management rights are recorded where they arise from               Continental Europe – Logistics             565.4           550.3
      contractual or other legal rights, and the fair value can be       United Kingdom – Logistics                  87.7           100.4
      measured reliably.                                                 Other                                       25.0            21.4
                                                                         Subtotal – goodwill                        678.1           672.1
      Management rights are stated at cost less impairment. The
      Consolidated Entity’s management rights are not amortised          Management rights
      as they are assumed to have an indefinite life given they are      Continental Europe – Logistics              32.2            31.3
      routinely renewed at minimal cost.                                 United Kingdom – Business Parks                –           205.4
                                                                         Other                                       70.3            67.6
                                                                         Subtotal – management rights               102.5           304.3
                                                                         Total                                      780.6           976.4




      68                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating assets and liabilities continued
                    10. Goodwill and intangible assets continued
                    A reconciliation of the movement in the cost of intangible assets during the financial year is set out below:
                    		                  Effect of		              Effect of
                    		 foreign		foreign
                         Balance at    currency    Balance at   currency    Balance at
                         1 July 2014 translation 30 June 2015 translation 30 June 2016




For personal use only
                    Cost         $M          $M           $M          $M           $M
                    Goodwill
                    Continental Europe – Logistics                                          559.4           (2.2)        557.2       15.3     572.5
                    United Kingdom – Logistics                                              129.2          16.0          145.2      (18.4)    126.8
                    Other                                                                    26.9            1.4          28.3        3.8      32.1
                    Subtotal – goodwill                                                     715.5          15.2          730.7        0.7     731.4
                    Management rights
                    Continental Europe – Logistics                                           31.5           (0.2)         31.3        0.9       32.2
                    United Kingdom – Business Parks                                         189.5          23.5          213.0      (27.0)     186.0
                    Other                                                                    67.0          10.9           77.9        3.0       80.9
                    Subtotal – management rights                                            288.0          34.2          322.2      (23.1)     299.1
                    Total                                                                 1,003.5          49.4        1,052.9      (22.4)   1,030.5

                    A reconciliation of the movement in the impairment losses during the financial year is set out below:
                    		                               Effect of			                        Effect of
                    		 foreign			foreign
                                      Balance at    currency Balance at    Impairment   currency    Balance at
                                      1 July 2014 translation 30 June 2015     charge translation 30 June 2016
                    Impairment losses         $M          $M           $M         $M          $M           $M
                    Goodwill
                    Continental Europe – Logistics                               6.9             –          6.9              –        0.2       7.1
                    United Kingdom – Logistics                                  39.9           4.9         44.8              –       (5.7)     39.1
                    Other                                                        6.9             –          6.9              –        0.2       7.1
                    Subtotal – goodwill                                         53.7           4.9         58.6              –       (5.3)     53.3
                    Management rights
                    United Kingdom – Business Parks                              6.8           0.8          7.6          204.6      (26.2)    186.0
                    Other                                                       10.3             –         10.3              –        0.3      10.6
                    Subtotal – management rights                                17.1           0.8         17.9          204.6      (25.9)    196.6
                    Total                                                       70.8           5.7         76.5          204.6      (31.2)    249.9




                                                                  GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                69
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Operating assets and liabilities continued                        The estimation of future cash flows requires assumptions to
      10. Goodwill and intangible assets continued                      be made regarding uncertain future events. The cash flows
                                                                        associated with management rights require management to
      Impairments and reversals of impairments                          make assumptions regarding the period over which the future
      United Kingdom – Business Parks                                   fee income streams continue to be received, the likelihood
      During the financial year, Goodman has impaired its United        of renewal at minimal cost of contractual agreements to
      Kingdom – Business Parks management rights by $204.6              manage partnerships, and the future financial performance




For personal use only
      million to $nil. While Goodman will continue its development      of the managed partnerships which generate those future fee
      and management of business parks in the United Kingdom, the       income streams. The cash flows associated with goodwill are
      investors in ABPP have agreed to sell all the remaining assets    often similar to management rights but may also include cash
      and wind up the partnership. As a result, the Consolidated        flows from other development activities undertaken by the
      Entity will cease to earn fees from assets within ABPP, and it    businesses acquired.
      is considered appropriate to impair the management rights to      One of the key assumptions in relation to the impairment
      $nil. In the prior year, management had made the determination    testing for each intangible asset balance is that the
      that Goodman and one of its principal investment partners         Consolidated Entity’s management contracts are assessed to
      would create a new partnership investing in the key assets        have an indefinite life given that these contracts are typically
      from ABPP; however, given the current strategy, such a            renewed at minimal cost and on broadly similar financial terms.
      transaction is not likely to eventuate. Instead, Goodman will     In light of the likely cessation of ABPP, management has
      continue to pursue other opportunities in the market using        reassessed this assumption for all its material management
      its current projects and other prospective projects that sit      contracts, where there is an intangible asset recorded on
      outside of ABPP.                                                  Goodman’s statement of financial position.
      There were no impairment losses in the prior financial year and   All of these partnerships are primarily logistics partnerships and
      there have been no reversals of impairment losses during either   with the exception of GMT in New Zealand, which is a listed
      the current or prior financial year.                              entity, are either joint venture arrangements with one or more
      Impairment testing for intangible assets                          of Goodman’s principal investment partners or are partnerships
      The carrying values of both goodwill and indefinite life          with a limited number of investors that include Goodman’s
      management rights are assessed for impairment annually. For       principal investment partners. Accordingly, management
      the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill and indefinite life   considers that the indefinite life assumption remains
      management rights are allocated to the Goodman divisions          appropriate for the purpose of the intangible asset testing.
      that represent the lowest level within Goodman at which the       A summary of the other key assumptions for those divisions
      goodwill and indefinite life management rights are monitored      where the carrying amount of goodwill or indefinite life
      for internal management purposes. Where goodwill and              management rights is significant in comparison with the
      management rights arise in the same division, impairment          Consolidated Entity’s total carrying amount of intangible assets
      testing has been performed on the combined intangible asset.      is set out below.
      The impairment tests for all intangible assets are based on       All amounts are calculated in local currency and translated to
      each division’s value in use. Value in use is determined by       Australian dollars at the closing exchange rate at the end of the
      discounting the future cash flows generated from continuing       financial period. Averages relate to average amounts over the
      operations. These cash flows are based on both investment         five year forecast period.
      and development forecasts and then estimating a year five
      terminal value using a terminal growth rate and the division’s
      discount rate.




      70                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating assets and liabilities continued
                    10. Goodwill and intangible assets continued
                    Impairment testing for intangible assets continued
                                                                                                                                                                      United
                    		 Continental                                                                                                                United          Kingdom –
                    		   Europe –                                                                                                             Kingdom –            Business
                    		Logistics                                                                                                                Logistics               Parks




For personal use only
                    Value in use (A$M)1                                                                      2016               803.9              286.1                    –
                                                                                                             2015               802.2              266.0               221.1
                    Pre-tax discount rate (%pa)2                                                             2016                11.2               10.0                  n/a
                                                                                                             2015                10.6               12.8                  8.9
                    Average annual development (million square metres)                                       2016                0.70               0.25                  n/a
                                                                                                             2015                0.74               0.22                 0.02
                    Average annual growth in assets under management (%)3                                    2016                 8.0               52.1                  n/a
                                                                                                             2015                 8.1               84.8                  9.5
                    Total performance fees (A$M)                                                             2016                   –                  –                  n/a
                                                                                                             2015                   –                  –                 21.1
                    Average annual increase in operating expenses (%)                                        2016                 3.0                0.8                  n/a
                                                                                                             2015                 3.2                2.0                (10.1)
                  1. When assessing a potential impairment, the value in use is compared against the sum of the intangible asset balance and the plant and equipment
                     balance for each division. The value in use balance is translated at the foreign currency exchange rate as at the end of the financial period.
                  2. The decrease in the pre-tax discount rate for United Kingdom – Logistics is due to the reduction in risk premium following the creation of GUKP.
                  3. AUM growth rate in United Kingdom – Logistics reflects the fact that the initial portfolio contains a low number of completed properties and the AUM
                     is augmented by completed developments over the forecast period.


                    The key driver of value in respect of these intangible assets is              United Kingdom – Logistics
                    the level of and profitability of ongoing development activity,               Investor demand is expected to remain strong for well-let
                    supplemented by fund and asset management income from                         assets with supply especially limited in core locations. The
                    managed partnerships, which is primarily related to the level                 division’s development activity over the next five years is
                    of AUM.                                                                       forecast to be maintained at the existing levels of 0.25 million
                    Discount rates                                                                square metres per annum (on average). The estimated cash
                                                                                                  outflow (from Goodman and its managed partnerships) required
                    The post-tax discount rates are determined using the capital                  to finance the assumed development pipeline across the
                    asset pricing model, with individual assumptions referenced to                forecast period is on average A$0.4 billion per annum.
                    market data, where available, and adjusting for specific factors
                    associated with each division. A risk premium is included in                  Sources of funding for development activity
                    each division’s discount rate, reflecting the level of forecasting,           The forecast models assume that capital continues to be
                    size, country and financing risks for that division. The value in             available to the principal managed partnerships in order that
                    use is determined using the after-tax cash flows and the post-                they can fund acquisitions of property (complete or under
                    tax discount rates, with the discount rates then converted to                 development), development management services and other
                    the equivalent pre-tax rates.                                                 property services provided by Goodman.
                    Development activity and margins                                              Capital inflows required to fund development activity in each
                    Demand for modern, well-located industrial product in both                    division are assumed to arise from the following sources:
                    Continental Europe and the United Kingdom continues to be                     equity investment directly into managed partnerships (including
                    driven by customers’ desire to adopt more efficient distribution              distribution reinvestment plans) from private and public
                    methods. Earnings forecasts for each division include                         markets; the creation of new partnerships or other investment
                    projects which have not yet been contracted. The majority                     structures involving Goodman; lending facilities (general
                    of developed product is expected to be sold to Goodman’s                      term facilities or construction financing facilities) advanced
                    managed partnerships although sales to third parties are also                 to managed partnerships; debt capital markets; turnkey
                    assumed. Margins from development activity are assumed to                     developments; and proceeds from rotation of assets. It is not
                    be consistent with those achieved historically.                               practicable to determine the percentage of the total which will
                                                                                                  flow from each source.
                    Continental Europe – Logistics
                    The forecasts assume the development starts (by area) over the                Funds available to Goodman and potential equity investors
                    five year period are 0.7 million square metres each year, broadly             are assumed to be sourced from available global markets and
                    consistent with historical performance. The estimated total                   are not limited to lending markets in the regions to which the
                    cash outflow (from Goodman and its managed partnerships)                      relevant intangible asset relates.
                    required to finance the assumed development pipeline across                   The downturn in earnings resulting from a combination of the
                    the forecast period is A$0.6 billion per annum.                               Consolidated Entity’s capital preservation strategies and severe
                                                                                                  adverse conditions in certain markets experienced between
                                                                                                  2008 and 2009 is assumed not to recur in the foreseeable
                                                                                                  property cycle.




                                                                         GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                   71
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Operating assets and liabilities continued
      10. Goodwill and intangible assets continued
      Impairment testing for intangible assets continued
      AUM
      For Continental Europe – Logistics, the average annual increase in AUM of 8.0% (2015: 8.1%) over the forecast period is broadly
      consistent with the prior year forecasts and is a result of the ongoing development activity, albeit this is partly offset by the




For personal use only
      selective rotation of assets. For the purpose of the forecasts, capitalisation rates are expected to be stable over the period.
      For United Kingdom – Logistics, the forecasts assume that over the next five years, the division will increase its AUM from
      £100 million to approximately £815 million, as GUKP draws down committed equity from its investors to fund the expected
      development activity. For the purpose of the forecasts, capitalisation rates are expected to be stable over the period.
      Performance fees
      Investment management performance fee revenue has been excluded from the cash flow forecasts used to assess the value
      in use.
      Operating expenses
      Operating expenses in Continental Europe – Logistics and United Kingdom – Logistics are forecast to increase over the forecast
      period by an average of 3.0% per annum and 0.8% per annum respectively as the divisions increase AUM.
      Assumptions impacting the terminal year
      				United
      		 Continental     United Kingdom –
      		   Europe –  Kingdom –   Business
      		Logistics     Logistics     Parks
      Growth rate (%pa)1                                                                      2016                   –                1.5                 n/a
                                                                                              2015                 0.2                1.9                 1.9
      Development in terminal year (million square metres)                                    2016                0.70               0.22                 n/a
                                                                                              2015                0.80               0.22                0.03
      Development in terminal year (cost in A$B)2                                             2016                0.65               0.29                 n/a
                                                                                              2015                0.67               0.32                0.10
    1. Long-term growth rates have been used to extrapolate cash flow projections beyond the period covered by the five year forecast.
    2. The forecast cost of developments in year five represents the estimated total funding requirements for both directly held developments and developments
       within managed partnerships.

      Long-term growth rates have been used to extrapolate cash flow projections beyond the period covered by the five year forecast.
      For Continental Europe, the growth rate has been estimated using the weighted average (based on value of AUM) of the current
      consumer price index for each of the countries in which the division operates. The decrease compared to the prior year reflects
      the low growth environment across the Eurozone. For the United Kingdom, the growth rate is based on an average of the
      consumer price index over the past five years, and similarly has declined over the past year.
      The forecast cost of developments in year five represents the estimated total funding requirements for both directly held
      developments and developments within managed partnerships. The cost of developments in Australian dollars has remained
      relatively stable.




      72                                                  GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Capital management
                    11. Net finance expense
                    Finance income
                    Interest is recognised on an accruals basis using the effective interest rate method, and, if not received at balance date,
                    is reflected in the statement of financial position as a receivable.
                    Finance expense




For personal use only
                    Expenditure incurred in obtaining debt finance is offset against the principal amount of the interest bearing liability to which
                    it relates, and is recognised as a finance cost on an effective interest rate basis over the life of the facility or until the facility
                    is significantly modified. Where a facility is significantly modified, any unamortised expenditure in relation to that facility and
                    incremental expenditure incurred in modifying the facility are recognised as a finance cost in the financial year in which the
                    significant modification occurs.
                    Finance costs relating to a qualifying asset are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset using a weighted average cost of debt.
                    Qualifying assets are assets which take a substantial time to get ready for their intended use or sale. All other finance costs are
                    expensed using the effective interest rate method.
                          Consolidated
                    		 2016            2015
                    		 $M               $M
                    Finance income
                    Interest income from:
                    – Related parties                                                                                                                         0.2                  2.7
                    – Other parties                                                                                                                           8.3                  3.5
                    Fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                                                                              106.1                 53.6
                                                                                                                                                            114.6                 59.8
                    Finance expense
                    Interest expense from third party loans, overdrafts and derivatives                                                                    (161.9)              (117.3)
                    Other borrowing costs                                                                                                                    (14.6)               (13.9)
                    Foreign exchange loss1                                                                                                                   (30.4)             (159.2)
                    Capitalised borrowing costs2                                                                                                              79.3               102.8
                                                                                                                                                           (127.6)              (187.6)
                    Net finance expense                                                                                                                     (13.0)              (127.8)
                  1. Includes foreign exchange loss of $30.2 million (2015: loss of $160.0 million) relating to unrealised gains/(losses) on translation of interest bearing liabilities
                     which do not qualify for net investment hedging under current accounting standards.
                  2. Borrowing costs were capitalised to inventories and investment properties under development during the financial year at rates between 2.5% and 7.0%
                     per annum (2015: 2.2% and 7.8% per annum).




                                                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                        73
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Capital management continued
      12. Interest bearing liabilities
      Interest bearing liabilities comprise bank loans, bonds and private placements. Interest bearing liabilities are recognised initially at
      fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest bearing liabilities are measured
      at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.
              Consolidated




For personal use only
      		 2016              2015
        Note $M             $M
      Current
      Secured:
      – Bank loans                 12(a)      12.0          –
      – Foreign securitised notes  12(b)        8.7         –
      Borrowing costs		                        (0.4)        –
      		                                      20.3          –
      Non-current
      Secured:
      – Bank loans                 12(a)      52.9          –
      – Foreign securitised notes  12(b)      85.9          –
      Unsecured:
      – Bank loans                 12(c)    306.5      333.2
      – Euro medium-term notes     12(d)    445.4      509.9
      – US senior notes            12(e)  1,779.2    1,719.0
      – Foreign private placements  12(f)   202.8      171.9
      Borrowing costs		                      (27.8)     (26.1)
      		                                  2,844.9    2,707.9

      (a) Bank loans, secured
      During the current financial year, Goodman acquired certain entities in Brazil (refer to note 21). The entities had the following bank
      facilities secured by property assets:
                                                                                                                 Amounts drawn down
                                                                                                                  in A$M equivalents
      		                                                                                      Facility limit –
      Facility Facility maturity date                                                        A$M equivalent              BRL               Total
      Bank loan 1                                                          26 Sep 2023                  38.1             38.1              38.1
      Bank loan 2                                                           10 Jan 2022                 26.8             26.8              26.8
      Total bank loans, secured                                          at 30 Jun 2016                 64.9             64.9              64.9
                                                                         at 30 Jun 2015                    –                –                 –

      Repayments are made monthly and include capital and interest, with interest referenced to the benchmark rate (Taxa Referencial)
      determined by the Central Bank of Brazil.
      (b) Foreign securitised notes
      During the current financial year, Goodman acquired certain entities in Brazil. One of these entities has issued notes, which
      is secured by a property asset and are non-recourse to the Consolidated Entity. As at 30 June 2016, the balance drawn is
      A$94.6 million (BRL 224.1 million) denominated in Brazilian real. The notes expire on 9 August 2030 with ongoing monthly
      repayments of both capital and interest. Interest on the notes is accruing at a rate (plus margin) equivalent to that on the Brazilian
      Government’s treasury bonds (also known as NTN-B) that were of similar duration at the time of issuing the notes. The interest on
      the notes and the rental income earned by the secured property asset are both inflation linked.




      74                                              GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Capital management continued
                    12. Interest bearing liabilities continued
                    (c) Bank loans, unsecured
                                                                                                     Amounts drawn down in A$M equivalents
                    		                                                                 Facility limit –
                    Facility Facility maturity date                                   A$M equivalent            NZD             JPY             Total




For personal use only
                    Bank loan 1                                        31 Jul 2019               50.0              –              –                –
                    Bank loan 2                                        31 Jul 2018              162.6           80.8              –             80.8
                    Bank loan 3                                        31 Jul 2018              148.7              –              –                –
                    Bank loan 4                                       30 Sep 2019                50.4              –              –                –
                    Bank loan 5                                       30 Sep 2019                37.5              –              –                –
                    Bank loan 6                                        31 Jul 2018              167.5              –              –                –
                    Bank loan 7                                       14 Apr 2021               152.2           47.8              –             47.8
                    Bank loan 8                                       31 Mar 2021               122.2           47.8              –             47.8
                    Bank loan 9                                       31 Mar 2019                30.0              –              –                –
                    Bank loan 10                                      31 Mar 2021               148.7              –              –                –
                    Bank loan 11                                      29 Sep 2019               104.1              –           45.5             45.5
                    Bank loan 12                                      29 Sep 2019               195.2              –           84.6             84.6
                    Bank loan 13                                      31 Mar 2021               195.2              –              –                –
                    Total bank loans, unsecured                    at 30 Jun 2016             1,564.3          176.4          130.1            306.5
                                                                   at 30 Jun 2015             1,422.2          227.0          106.2            333.2

                    (d) Euro medium-term notes
                    As at 30 June 2016, Goodman Australia Finance Pty Limited, a controlled entity of GIT, has on issue A$445.4 million (2015:
                    A$509.9 million) Euro medium-term notes. All notes were issued at a fixed coupon of 9.75% payable annually. The notes mature
                    on 16 July 2018. The notes are listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange and the market value of the notes using the quoted price
                    at 30 June 2016 was A$512.0 million (2015: A$620.3 million).
                    (e) United States senior notes
                    As at 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity has notes on issue in the United States 144A/Reg S bond market as follows:
                    + A$436.4 million (US$325.0 million) maturing on 12 November 2020. The senior unsecured notes were issued at a fixed coupon
                      of 6.375% payable semi-annually;
                    + A$671.4 million (US$500.0 million) maturing on 15 April 2021. The senior unsecured notes were issued at a fixed coupon of
                      6.375% payable semi-annually; and
                    + A$671.4 million (US$500.0 million) maturing on 22 March 2022. The senior unsecured notes were issued at a fixed coupon of
                      6.0% payable semi-annually.
                    (f) Foreign private placements
                    As at 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity has the following unsecured foreign private placements:
                    + A$40.1 million (€27.0 million) denominated in Euros. On 29 July 2016, this facility was fully repaid and cancelled; and
                    + A$162.7 million (¥12.5 billion) denominated in Japanese yen. The facility has a fixed coupon of 3.32% payable semi-annually
                      and expires on 3 April 2023.




                                                                 GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                   75
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Capital management continued
      12. Interest bearing liabilities continued
      (g) Finance facilities
                                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                                         Facilities        Facilities
                                                                                                                                         available          utilised
                                                                                                                                                $M                $M




For personal use only
      At 30 June 2016
      Secured:
      – Bank loans		                    64.9    64.9
      – Foreign securitised notes		     94.6    94.6
      Unsecured:
      – Bank loans		                 1,564.3   306.5
      – Euro medium-term notes		       445.4   445.4
      – United States senior notes		 1,779.2 1,779.2
      – Foreign private placements1		  202.8   202.8
      – Bank guarantees2		                 –    38.0
      		                             4,151.2 2,931.4
      At 30 June 2015
      Unsecured:
      – Bank loans		                 1,422.2   333.2
      – Euro medium-term notes		       509.9   509.9
      – United States senior notes		 1,719.0 1,719.0
      – Foreign private placements		   171.9   171.9
      – Bank guarantees2		–                     30.1
      		3,823.0                              2,764.1
    1. On 29 July 2016, a facility of $40.1 million was fully repaid and cancelled (refer to note 12(f)).
    2. Bank guarantees are drawn from facilities available under unsecured bank loans.

      13. Other financial assets and liabilities                                          Other financial assets
      Other financial assets and liabilities are recognised initially on                                                                         Consolidated
      the trade date at which the Consolidated Entity becomes a                                                                               2016           2015
      party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.                                                                                   $M             $M
                                                                                          Current
      Derivative financial instruments and hedging                                        Derivative financial instruments                        –                4.4
      The Consolidated Entity uses derivative financial instruments                                                                               –                4.4
      to hedge its economic exposure to foreign exchange and                              Non-current
      interest rate risks arising from operating, investing and                           Derivative financial instruments1                 329.8              234.0
      financing activities. In accordance with its treasury policy, the                   Investment in unlisted securities,
      Consolidated Entity does not hold or issue derivative financial                     at fair value                                       0.3                0.8
      instruments for speculative trading purposes.
                                                                                                                                            330.1              234.8
      The Consolidated Entity’s derivative financial instruments
                                                                                        1. Includes fair values of cross currency interest rate swaps amounting to
      are not designated as a hedge for accounting purposes, and
                                                                                           $258.2 million (2015: $176.9 million) entered into to hedge the United
      accordingly movements in the fair value of derivative financial                      States senior notes (refer to note 12(e)).
      instruments are recognised in the income statement.
      Cash flow hedges                                                                    Other financial liabilities
                                                                                                                                                 Consolidated
      Certain of the Consolidated Entity’s associates and JVs                                                                                 2016           2015
      continue to designate interest rate swaps as a cash flow hedge                                                                           $M             $M
      for accounting purposes. The Consolidated Entity’s share of                         Current
      the effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives                   Derivative financial instruments                     0.1               50.5
      in associates and JVs that are designated and qualify as cash
      flow hedges is recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve. The                                                                            0.1               50.5
      gain or loss relating to any ineffective portion is recognised in                   Non-current
      the income statement.                                                               Derivative financial instruments1                 274.3              347.3
                                                                                                                                            274.3              347.3
                                                                                        1. Includes fair values of cross currency interest rate swaps amounting to
                                                                                           $nil (2015: $64.4 million) entered into to hedge the United States senior
                                                                                           notes (refer to note 12(e)) and the Japanese yen denominated private
                                                                                           placement (refer to note 12(f)).




      76                                                       GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Capital management continued                                       Goodman monitors capital on the basis of both the gearing
                    14. Financial risk management                                      ratio and the weighted average cost of debt. Gearing is
                                                                                       reviewed on a Consolidated Entity basis and the gearing ratio
                    The Directors have ultimate responsibility for the Consolidated    for the Consolidated Entity is calculated as the total interest
                    Entity’s capital management and financial risk management          bearing liabilities less cash as a percentage of the total assets
                    (FRM) processes and have established policies, documented in       excluding cash.
                    the Consolidated Entity’s FRM policy document, to ensure both
                    the efficient use of capital and the appropriate management of     Goodman’s key financial risks are market risk (including foreign




For personal use only
                    the exposure to financial risk.                                    exchange and interest rate risk), liquidity risk and credit risk.
                    The Group Investment Committee is Goodman’s primary forum          (a) Market risk
                    where recommendations regarding capital allocation and             Foreign exchange risk
                    financial risk management (in accordance in the FRM policy)
                    are discussed and approved. The Group Investment Committee         Goodman is exposed to foreign exchange risk through its
                    meets every week during the financial year.                        investments in New Zealand, Hong Kong, China, Japan,
                                                                                       Continental Europe, the United Kingdom, North America and
                    Goodman’s treasury function is responsible for preparing the       Brazil. Foreign exchange risk represents the loss that would
                    following reports for consideration at each of the Consolidated    be recognised from adverse fluctuations in currency prices
                    Entity’s Board meetings:                                           against the Australian dollar as a result of the Consolidated
                                                                                       Entity’s net investment in foreign operations, future commercial
                    + analysis of capital allocation and funding requirements          transactions, and other foreign currency denominated assets
                      against the Consolidated Entity’s gearing constraint;            and liabilities.
                    + analysis of the Consolidated Entity’s liquidity and
                      funding position;                                                In managing foreign currency risks, the Consolidated Entity
                    + analysis of the Consolidated Entity’s debt maturity profile;     aims to reduce the impact of short-term fluctuations on the
                    + a review of all the hedge exposures and the                      Consolidated Entity’s earnings and net assets. However, over
                      completed hedges;                                                the long term, permanent changes in foreign exchange will
                    + compliance with the Consolidated Entity’s hedging policy         have an impact on both earnings and net assets.
                      and recommendations for future hedging strategies; and
                    + full mark to market of all derivative positions.                 The Consolidated Entity’s capital hedge policy for each
                                                                                       overseas region is to hedge between 65% and 90% of
                    Under the FRM policy, the Consolidated Entity’s derivative         foreign currency denominated assets with foreign currency
                    financial instruments are not designated as a hedge for            denominated liabilities. This is achieved by borrowing in the
                    accounting purposes, and accordingly such derivative financial     same currency as the overseas investments to form a natural
                    instruments are marked to market, with the movement in value       economic hedge against any foreign currency fluctuations and/
                    recognised in profit or loss.                                      or using derivatives such as cross currency interest rate swaps
                                                                                       (CCIRS) and foreign exchange contracts (FECs).
                    Capital management
                    The Consolidated Entity’s principal capital management
                    objectives are to maintain a strong capital base and provide
                    funds for operating activities (including development
                    expenditure), capital expenditure and investment opportunities
                    as they arise. This is achieved through an appropriate mix of
                    debt, equity and hybrid instruments.
                    The Consolidated Entity is able to alter the capital mix by
                    issuing new Goodman securities or hybrid securities, through
                    the operation of a distribution reinvestment plan, adjusting
                    the timing of development and capital expenditure and selling
                    assets to reduce borrowings. Goodman also manages capital
                    through its distribution policy in which distributions made
                    to Securityholders are based on the greater of 60% of the
                    Consolidated Entity’s operating profit or taxable income of GIT.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                        77
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Capital management continued
      14. Financial risk management continued
      (a) Market risk continued
      Foreign exchange risk continued
      As at 30 June 2016, the principal that is hedged, the weighted average exchange rates and the periods to expiry, by currency,
      are set out below:




For personal use only
                                         2016                          2015
      			                                       Weighted 			                  Weighted
      			                                        average 			                   average
      CCIRS: AUD receivable Amounts   Amounts   exchange  Amounts   Amounts   exchange
      Expiry by currency     payable receivable      rate  payable receivable      rate
      NZD payable             NZD’M        A$M   NZD/AUD    NZD’M        A$M   NZD/AUD
      2–5 years                               (100.0)            65.4 1.1674 (100.0)                              65.4          1.2252
                                              (100.0)            65.4		(100.0)                                    65.4
      HKD payable                             HKD’M              A$M        HKD/AUD            HKD’M              A$M         HKD/AUD
      Less than 1 year                             –               –      – (1,050.0)                            128.4          8.1868
      2–5 years                             (3,390.0)          529.4 6.5396 (1,540.0)                            204.1          7.5622
                                            (3,390.0)          529.4		(2,590.0)                                  332.5
      JPY payable                             JPY’M              A$M         JPY/AUD            JPY’M             A$M         JPY/AUD
      2–5 years                                    –                – – (11,000.0)                               128.0         86.0500
                                                   –                –		(11,000.0)                                128.0
      EUR payable                             EUR’M              A$M        EUR/AUD             EUR’M             A$M         EUR/AUD
      Less than 1 year                             –               –      –   (50.0)                              69.2          0.7226
      2–5 years                               (470.0)          616.7 0.7644 (420.0)                              541.3          0.7765
                                              (470.0)          616.7		(470.0)                                    610.5
      GBP payable                             GBP’M              A$M        GBP/AUD            GBP’M              A$M         GBP/AUD
      2–5 years                               (170.0)          282.2 0.6035 (170.0)                              282.2          0.6035
                                              (170.0)          282.2		(170.0)                                    282.2
      			                                      Weighted			                   Weighted
      			                                       average 			                   average
                           Amounts   Amounts   exchange  Amounts   Amounts   exchange
      FECs: GBP receivable  payable receivable      rate  payable receivable      rate
      Expiry                   A$M     GBP/M   AUD/GBP       A$M     GBP’M   GBP/AUD
      Less than 1 year                             –                –      – (171.1)                              85.0          2.0129
      1–2 years                               (103.2)            50.0 2.0648      –                                  –               –
      2–5 years                                    –                –      – (103.2)                              50.0          2.0640
                                              (103.2)            50.0		      (274.3)                             135.0
      			                                      Weighted			                   Weighted
      			                                       average 			                   average
                           Amounts   Amounts   exchange  Amounts   Amounts   exchange
      FECs: USD receivable  payable receivable      rate  payable receivable      rate
      Expiry                 CNY’M     USD’M   USD/CNY     CNY’M     USD’M   USD/CNY
      2–5 years                             (1,614.6)          225.0 7.1759                          –               –                –
                                            (1,614.6)          225.0		                               –               –




      78                                           GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Capital management continued
                    14. Financial risk management continued
                    (a) Market risk continued
                    Foreign exchange risk continued
                    At 30 June 2016, Goodman’s notes issued in the United States 144A/Reg S bond market and also foreign private placements
                    denominated in Japanese yen create both an interest rate and a foreign currency risk exposure. Goodman’s policy is to minimise




For personal use only
                    its exposure to both interest rate and exchange rate movements. Accordingly, Goodman has entered into both USD/EUR and
                    USD/GBP CCIRS, to provide a capital hedge against assets denominated in Euros and British pounds sterling. Details of these
                    CCIRS are set out below:
                                                       2016                          2015
                    			                                       Weighted 			                  Weighted
                    			                                        average 			                   average
                    CCIRS: USD receivable Amounts   Amounts   exchange  Amounts   Amounts   exchange
                    Expiry by currency     payable receivable      rate  payable receivable      rate
                    EUR payable                             EUR’M            USD’M         USD/EUR            EUR’M           USD’M         USD/EUR
                    2–5 years                               (250.8)           355.0  0.7065                        –               –                –
                    Over 5 years                              (76.6)          100.0  0.7657                   (327.4)          455.0           0.7195
                                                            (327.4)           455.0 		                        (327.4)          455.0
                    GBP payable                             GBP’M            USD’M        USD/GBP             GBP’M           USD’M         USD/GBP
                                                                   					
                    2–5 years                                 (55.6)  90.0  0.6176      –      –      –
                    Over 5 years                              (76.4) 120.0  0.6369 (132.0) 210.0 0.6286
                                                            (132.0)  210.0 		      (132.0) 210.0
                    			                                       Weighted 			                  Weighted
                    			                                        average 			                   average
                    CCIRS: JPY receivable Amounts   Amounts   exchange  Amounts   Amounts   exchange
                    Expiry                 payable receivable      rate  payable receivable      rate
                    GBP payable                             GBP’M            JPY’M         JPY/GBP            GBP’M            JPY’M         JPY/GBP
                    Over 5 years                                 –                –   –                        (85.9)       11,300.0           0.0076
                                                                 –                – 		                         (85.9)       11,300.0

                    Sensitivity analysis
                    Throughout the financial year, if the Australian dollar had been 5% (2015: 5%) stronger against all other currencies, with all
                    other variables held constant, the profit attributable to Securityholders, excluding derivative mark to market and unrealised
                    foreign exchange movements, would have decreased by A$21.9 million (2015: A$12.6 million decrease). If the Australian dollar
                    had been 5% (2015: 5%) weaker against all other currencies, with all other variables held constant, the profit attributable to
                    Securityholders, excluding derivative mark to market and unrealised foreign exchange movements, would have increased by
                    A$21.9 million (2015: A$12.6 million increase).




                                                                 GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                    79
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Capital management continued
      14. Financial risk management continued
      (a) Market risk continued
      Interest rate risk
      Goodman’s interest rate risk arises from variable rate borrowings and also fixed rate to floating rate CCIRS that hedge the
      currency risk associated with the USD denominated notes. The Consolidated Entity adopts a policy of ensuring that between




For personal use only
      60% and 100% of its current year exposure to changes in interest rates on borrowings is on a fixed rate basis. The Consolidated
      Entity enters into interest rate swaps (IRS) to manage cash flow risks associated with the interest rates on borrowings that are
      floating. The IRS contracts are for 90 day intervals and involve quarterly payments or receipts of the net amount of interest.
      As at 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity’s interest rate risk exposure based on existing interest bearing liabilities and derivative
      financial instruments is set out below:
                                                                                  Interest bearing              Impact of derivatives           Net interest
                                                                                         liabilities           CCIRS1               IRS       rate exposure
                                                                                              A$M                A$M               A$M                 A$M
      30 June 2016				
      Fixed rate liabilities    2,387.3  (893.0)  854.8                                                                                               2,349.1
      Floating rate liabilities   506.1   912.3  (854.8)                                                                                                563.6
                                2,893.4    19.3       –                                                                                               2,912.7
      30 June 2015				
      Fixed rate liabilities    2,361.7  (982.8)  762.8                                                                                               2,141.7
      Floating rate liabilities   372.3 1,164.8  (762.8)                                                                                                774.3
                                2,734.0   182.0       –                                                                                               2,916.0
    1. The impact of the CCIRS amends the total borrowings exposure as a result of the difference in the foreign currency exchange rate between the
       contracted rate and the year end spot rate.

      As a result of the fixed rate interest bearing liabilities and derivative financial instruments that exist at the end of the financial year,
      the Consolidated Entity would have the following fixed interest rate exposure at the end of each of the next five financial years:
                                                                                                       2016                                  2015
                                                                                                            Weighted 		                            Weighted
                                                                                    Fixed interest           average   Fixed interest               average
                                                                                    rate exposure        interest rate rate exposure            interest rate
      Number of years post balance date                                                      A$M        % per annum             A$M            % per annum
      1 year                                                                               2,397.0                4.51           2,397.9                4.95
      2 years                                                                              2,583.3                4.39           2,388.5                5.00
      3 years                                                                              2,172.1                3.44           2,297.6                4.94
      4 years                                                                              1,793.7                3.50           1,538.2                3.78
      5 years                                                                              1,318.0                3.21           1,183.2                3.84

      Sensitivity analysis
      Based on the Consolidated Entity’s interest bearing liabilities and derivative financial instruments at 30 June 2016, if interest rates
      on borrowings had been 100 basis points per annum (2015: 100 basis points per annum) higher/lower, with all other variables
      held constant, the Consolidated Entity’s profit attributable to Securityholders for the financial year would have been A$5.6 million
      lower/higher (2015: A$7.7 million).
      Price risk
      The Consolidated Entity is not materially exposed to price risk.




      80                                                  GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Capital management continued
                    14. Financial risk management continued
                    (b) Liquidity risk
                    Liquidity risk is the risk that the Consolidated Entity will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due.
                    The Consolidated Entity’s objective is to maintain sufficient liquidity to fund working capital, capital expenditure, investment
                    opportunities, debt expiries and distributions. This is achieved through the monthly preparation of a three year cash flow forecast
                    to understand the uses of funds and to identify potential shortfalls in funding. This allows the Consolidated Entity to plan for




For personal use only
                    renewal of debt facilities, negotiation of new debt facilities, new issues of securities, including the distribution reinvestment plan,
                    and other potential sources of funding.
                    Goodman’s treasury function is responsible for reporting details of all debt maturities to the Board at its regular meetings.
                    Goodman’s treasury function is also responsible for reporting to the Board all the information and term sheets relating to
                    any financing arrangements being contemplated or negotiated by the Consolidated Entity, for its review and approval.
                    The Consolidated Entity seeks to spread its debt maturities such that the total debt maturing in a single financial year
                    does not exceed Board approved policy levels.
                    The contractual maturities of financial liabilities are set out below:
                                                   Carrying    Contractual        Less than					                                                                    More than
                                                    amount      cash flows           1 year 1–2 years 2–3 years 3–4 years 4–5 years                                   5 years
                                                        $M              $M              $M        $M        $M        $M        $M                                        $M
                    As at 30 June 2016
                    Non-derivative
                    financial liabilities
                    Payables                     492.5                492.5           407.4             65.7              1.9              7.5             10.0               –
                    Bank loans, secured            64.9                64.9            12.0                –                –                –                –            52.9
                    Foreign securitised notes      94.6                94.6             8.7                –                –                –                –            85.9
                    Bank loans, unsecured1       306.5                306.5               –                –             80.7            130.1             95.7               –
                    Euro medium-term notes,
                    unsecured                    445.4                575.8            85.1             43.4            447.3                 –                –               –
                    United States senior notes,
                    unsecured                  1,779.2              2,367.7           135.5           112.4             112.4            112.8         1,193.5            701.1
                    Foreign private place-
                    ments, unsecured             202.8                246.6              7.7             6.2               6.2              6.3             6.2           214.0
                    Total non-derivative
                    financial liabilities      3,385.9              4,148.6           656.4           227.7             648.5            256.7         1,305.4        1,053.9
                    Derivative financial
                    (assets)/liabilities – net
                    Net settled2                  (20.7)                (5.1)          (10.0)            2.6               1.0              1.8             1.1             (1.6)
                    Gross settled:3
                    (Inflow)                      (34.7)             (539.7)           (94.7)          (97.2)            (77.0)           (81.6)         (144.9)           (44.3)
                    Outflow                           –               489.4             39.9          203.9             103.1              36.9            38.7             66.9
                    Total derivative
                    financial (assets)/
                    liabilities – net            (55.4)                (55.4)          (64.8)         109.3              27.1             (42.9)         (105.1)           21.0
                    As at 30 June 2015
                    Non-derivative
                    financial liabilities
                    Payables                     472.2                473.2           371.4             66.2             16.2              1.9             7.5             10.0
                    Bank loans, unsecured1       333.2                339.7               –                –                –            230.0           109.7                –
                    Euro medium-term notes,
                    unsecured                    509.9                710.8            97.7             49.9             49.9            513.3                 –               –
                    United States senior notes,
                    unsecured                  1,719.0              2,422.8           140.6           108.6             108.6            108.6           108.9        1,847.5
                    Foreign private place-
                    ments, unsecured             171.9                215.9              6.5             5.3               5.3              5.3             5.3           188.2
                    Total non-derivative
                    financial liabilities      3,206.2              4,162.4           616.2           230.0             180.0            859.1           231.4        2,045.7
                    Derivative financial
                    liabilities/(assets) – net
                    Net settled2                   22.4                11.3              4.4             5.7              (1.9)             1.8             0.8              0.5
                    Gross settled:3
                    (Inflow)                          –              (504.0)           (91.1)          (89.8)            (84.7)           (62.9)          (58.3)          (117.2)
                    Outflow                      137.0                652.6             96.7            50.4            211.2            145.0             50.2             99.1
                    Total derivative
                    financial liabilities/
                    (assets) – net               159.4                159.9            10.0            (33.7)           124.6              83.9             (7.3)          (17.6)
                  1. Contractual cash flows relating to bank loans exclude any estimate of interest payments that might arise under the Consolidated Entity’s revolving
                     loan facilities.
                  2. Net settled includes IRS and foreign currency contracts.
                  3. Gross settled includes CCIRS.
                                                                         GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                     81
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Capital management continued
      14. Financial risk management continued
      (c) Credit risk
      Credit risk represents the loss that would be recognised if counterparties failed to perform as contracted.
      The maximum exposure to credit risk on financial assets, excluding investments, of the Consolidated Entity which have been
      recognised on the statement of financial position, is the carrying amount.




For personal use only
      The Consolidated Entity has a policy of assessing the creditworthiness of all potential customers and is not materially exposed
      to any one customer. The Consolidated Entity evaluates all customers’ perceived credit risk and may require the lodgement of
      rental bonds or bank guarantees, as appropriate, to reduce credit risk. In addition, all rents are payable monthly in advance.
      The Consolidated Entity minimises credit risk by dealing with major financial institutions in relation to cash and short-term
      borrowings. Concentration of credit risk exists from time to time on receivables for the proceeds of disposals of investment
      properties. The credit risk is minimised as legal title is only transferred upon receipt of proceeds for the sale of those assets and
      typically Goodman will have either received a cash deposit or be the beneficiary of a bank guarantee for 10% to 20% of the total
      proceeds.
      From time to time, the Consolidated Entity also makes loans to managed partnerships, typically to fund development projects.
      In making its investment decisions, the Consolidated Entity will undertake a detailed assessment of the development feasibility
      and credit risks associated with the relevant counterparties.
      The credit risks associated with financial instruments are managed by:
      + transacting with multiple derivatives counterparties that have a long-term investment credit rating; and
      + utilising International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) agreements with derivative counterparties in order to limit
        exposure to credit risk through netting of amounts receivable and amounts payable to individual counterparties (refer below).
      Master netting or similar agreements
      The Consolidated Entity enters into derivative transactions under ISDA master netting off agreements. Under these agreements,
      where certain credit events occur (such as a default), all outstanding transactions under the agreement are terminated and a single
      net termination value is payable in full and final settlement.
      As the Consolidated Entity does not have any current legally enforceable right to offset, the fair values associated with derivative
      financial instruments have been presented gross in the statement of financial position. However, if a credit event occurred, the
      ISDA master netting off agreement would allow A$124.1 million (2015: A$144.5 million) of financial assets and financial liabilities
      in relation to the Consolidated Entity’s derivative financial instruments to be offset.
      (d) Fair values of financial instruments
      The carrying amounts shown in the statement of financial position and fair values of financial assets and liabilities are as follows:
      		                Carrying 		                                                                                                        Carrying
      		                 amount   Fair value                                                                                                amount            Fair value
      		                   2016         2016                                                                                                  2015                  2015
      Consolidated Note      $M          $M                                                                                                     $M                   $M
      Financial assets
      Cash                                  17(a) 1,337.0 1,337.0   746.5                                                                                          746.5
      Receivables                              7    437.5   437.5   390.5                                                                                          390.5
      Other financial assets:                13
      – IRS		                                        57.4    57.4    43.0                                                                                          43.0
      – CCIRS		                                     272.4   272.4   189.1                                                                                         189.1
      – FECs		                                          –       –     6.3                                                                                           6.3
      – Investments in unlisted securities		          0.3     0.3     0.8                                                                                           0.8
      		                                          2,104.6 2,104.6 1,376.2                                                                                       1,376.2
      Financial liabilities
      Payables                                 8    492.5   492.5   472.2                                                                                         472.2
      Interest bearing liabilities1          12   2,865.2 3,097.6 2,707.9                                                                                       3,081.0
      Other financial liabilities:           13
      – IRS		                                        36.8    36.8    71.7                                                                                          71.7
      – CCIRS		                                     218.1   218.1   326.1                                                                                         326.1
      – FECs		                                       19.5    19.5       –                                                                                             –
      		                                          3,632.1 3,864.5 3,577.9                                                                                       3,951.0
    1. The fair value of certain fixed rate interest bearing liabilities has been determined by reference to the quoted market prices at 30 June 2016 (refer to note 12).




      82                                                       GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Capital management continued
                    14. Financial risk management continued
                    (d) Fair values of financial instruments continued
                    Fair value hierarchy
                    The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method (see note 1(g)):
                                                                                               Level 1          Level 2          Level 3             Total




For personal use only
                                                                                                  $M               $M               $M                 $M
                    As at 30 June 2016
                    Available for sale financial assets                                              –               –               0.3              0.3
                    Derivative financial assets                                                      –           329.8                 –            329.8
                                                                                                     –           329.8               0.3            330.1
                    Derivative financial liabilities                                                 –           274.4                 –            274.4
                                                                                                     –           274.4                 –            274.4
                    As at 30 June 2015
                    Available for sale financial assets                                              –               –               0.8              0.8
                    Derivative financial assets                                                      –           238.4                 –            238.4
                                                                                                     –           238.4               0.8            239.2
                    Derivative financial liabilities                                                 –           397.8                 –            397.8
                                                                                                     –           397.8                 –            397.8

                    There were no transfers between the levels during the year.
                    Valuation techniques used to derive Level 2 and Level 3 fair values
                    The Level 2 derivative financial instruments held by the Consolidated Entity consist of interest rate swaps, cross currency interest
                    rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts.
                    The fair values of derivative financial instruments are determined using generally accepted pricing models which discount
                    estimated future cash flows based on the terms and maturity of each contract and current market interest rates and/or foreign
                    currency rates, adjusted for specific features of the instruments.
                    15. Dividends and distributions
                    Distributions are recognised when they are declared by the distributing entities and before deduction of any withholding tax.
                    Any non-recoverable withholding tax is included in income tax.
                    (a) Dividends declared by the Company
                    No dividends were declared or paid by Goodman Limited during the financial year ended 30 June 2016 or up to the date
                    of this report.
                    (b) Distributions declared and paid/payable by GIT
                                                                                                            Distribution   Total amount          Date of
                                                                                                                    cpu             $M          payment
                    Distributions for the current financial year
                    – 31 Dec 2015                                                                                  11.9           210.6      22 Feb 2016
                    – 30 Jun 2016                                                                                  11.1           197.4      26 Aug 2016
                                                                                                                   23.0           408.0
                    Distributions for the prior financial year
                    – 31 Dec 2014                                                                                  11.1           193.7      20 Feb 2015
                    – 30 Jun 2015                                                                                  11.1           194.6      26 Aug 2015
                                                                                                                   22.2           388.3

                    Movement in provision for distributions to Securityholders
                          Consolidated
                    		 2016            2015
                    		 $M               $M
                    Balance at the beginning of the year		                                                                         194.6             178.8
                    Provisions for distributions		                                                                                 408.0             388.3
                    Distributions paid		                                                                                          (309.7)           (283.1)
                    Distribution reinvestment plan		                                                                                (95.5)            (89.4)
                    Balance at the end of the year		                                                                               197.4             194.6

                    (c) Dividends declared by GLHK
                    GLHK did not declare any dividends during the financial year. On 11 August 2016, GLHK proposed a dividend of 1.0 cent per
                    security amounting to $17.8 million (2015: $nil), which will be paid on 26 August 2016.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                      83
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Capital management continued
      16. Issued capital
      (a) Ordinary securities
      Ordinary shares
      Ordinary shares of the Company are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to issues of ordinary shares and
      options are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.




For personal use only
                                                                                     2016           2015                2016            2015
                                                                                      Number of securities               $M              $M
      Stapled securities – issued and fully paid 1,778,318,630 1,753,035,922                                        8,192.2          8,096.7
      Less: Accumulated issue costs			                                                                               (160.5)          (160.5)
      Total issued capital			                                                                                       8,031.7          7,936.2

      Terms and conditions
      Stapled security means one share in the Company stapled to one unit in GIT and one CDI over a share in GLHK. Holders of
      stapled securities are entitled to receive dividends or distributions as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote
      per security at Securityholders’ meetings. In the event of a winding up, Securityholders rank after creditors and are fully entitled
      to any proceeds of liquidation.
      Effective 1 July 1998, the Company Law Review Act 1998 abolished the concept of par value shares and the concept of
      authorised capital. Accordingly, the Company does not have authorised capital or par value in respect of its issued shares.
      Movement in ordinary securities
      							Security-
      		           Number of Issue price GL GIT GLHK holders
      Date Details  securities         $ $M $M    $M     $M
      30 Jun 2014 Balance before accumulated issue costs 1,727,685,976		    472.6                            6,922.5      612.2      8,007.3
      26 Aug 2014 Distribution reinvestment plan             8,888,516 5.11    4.5                              35.3        5.6         45.4
      1 Sep 2014 Securities issued to employees
                  under the LTIP                             8,843,233    –      –                                  –          –             –
      8 Oct 2014  Securities issued to employees
                  under the GTEP                                42,336    –      –                                 –          –            –
      20 Feb 2015 Distribution reinvestment plan             7,575,861 5.80    5.4                              33.0        5.6         44.0
      30 Jun 2015 Balance before accumulated issue costs 1,753,035,922		 482.5                               6,990.8      623.4      8,096.7
      26 Aug 2015 Distribution reinvestment plan             7,196,343 6.31    4.8                              35.1        5.5         45.4
      31 Aug 2015 Securities issued to employees
                  under the LTIP                             9,824,337    –      –                                  –          –             –
      23 Sep 2015 Securities issued to employees
                  under the GTEP                                41,712    –      –                                 –           –           –
      22 Feb 2016 Distribution reinvestment plan             8,220,316 6.09    7.3                              36.7         6.1        50.1
                  Less: Accumulated issue costs		                            (11.4)                           (148.5)       (0.6)     (160.5)
      30 Jun 2016 Closing balance                        1,778,318,630		 483.2                               6,914.1      634.4      8,031.7




      84                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Capital management continued
                    16. Issued capital continued
                    (b) Share based payments
                    Share based payment transactions
                    The fair value of performance rights over securities at the grant date is expensed with a corresponding increase in the employee
                    compensation reserve. The share based payments expense is calculated over the period to the vesting date and is adjusted to




For personal use only
                    reflect the actual number of performance rights for which the related service and non-market vesting conditions are expected
                    to be met. The accumulated share based payments expense of performance rights which have vested or lapsed is transferred
                    from the employee compensation reserve to (accumulated losses)/retained earnings. The fair values of performance rights are
                    measured at grant date using a combination of Black Scholes pricing models and Monte Carlo simulations.
                    At 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity had two share based payment schemes, the LTIP and the GTEP. In addition, a specific
                    long-term incentive plan exists for Goodman’s employees in New Zealand. Details of these schemes are set out below:
                    LTIP
                    Performance rights issued under the LTIP entitle an employee to either acquire Goodman securities for $nil consideration
                    or, in certain jurisdictions, to receive an amount in cash equal to the value of the securities, subject to the vesting conditions
                    having been satisfied. Further details regarding the vesting conditions are included in the remuneration report section of the
                    Directors’ report.
                    The movement in the number of equity settled and cash settled performance rights under the LTIP was as follows:
                                                                                                                                        Number of rights
                                                                                                                                      2016            2015
                    Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                                                    52,112,100        45,681,781
                    Granted                                                                                                     21,886,940        16,751,695
                    Exercised                                                                                                  (10,252,137)        (9,220,982)
                    Forfeited                                                                                                    (1,238,063)       (1,100,394)
                    Outstanding at the end of the year                                                                          62,508,840        52,112,100
                    Exercisable at the end of the year                                                                                    –                 –

                    The model inputs for performance rights awarded during the current financial year include the following:
                                                                                                                             Rights issued      Rights issued
                                                                                                                            on 24 Nov 2015     on 23 Sep 2015
                    Fair value at measurement date ($)		                                                                              4.44                4.06
                    Security price ($)		                                                                                              6.09                5.62
                    Exercise price ($)		                                                                                                 –                   –
                    Expected volatility (%)		                                                                                        24.02               25.03
                    Rights’ expected weighted average life (years)		                                                                   3.8                 3.9
                    Dividend/distribution yield per annum (%)		                                                                       5.48                5.39
                    Average risk free rate of interest per annum (%)		                                                                2.41                2.31

                    The fair value of services received in return for performance rights granted under the LTIP is measured by reference to the fair
                    value of the performance rights granted. The estimate of the fair value of the services received is measured as follows:
                    + operating EPS tranche: these rights have been valued as a granted call option, using the standard Black Scholes model with
                      a continuous dividend/distribution yield; and
                    + relative TSR tranche: these rights have been valued using a Monte Carlo model which simulated total returns for each of the
                      ASX 100 stocks, and discounted the future value of any potential future vesting performance rights to arrive at a present value.
                      The model uses statistical analysis to forecast total returns, based on expected parameters of variance and co-variance.
                    At 30 June 2016, a liability of $16.0 million (2015: $11.6 million) was recognised in relation to cash settled performance rights.
                    GTEP
                    Under the GTEP, a number of Australian based employees are also offered up to $1,000 annually of restricted securities.
                    The intention of the GTEP is to broaden employee alignment with Securityholders. Under tax legislation, employees with
                    adjusted taxable income of less than $180,000 per annum are not subject to income tax when these restricted securities
                    are granted. This tax exemption requires that there be no forfeiture conditions and that participating employees be restricted
                    from dealing with the securities for three years.
                    Goodman’s New Zealand Long Term Incentive Plan
                    Under Goodman’s New Zealand Long Term Incentive Plan, employees receive approximately half of their LTI in the form of
                    performance rights over GMT units that vest subject to meeting performance hurdles based on the achievement of distributable
                    earnings targets by GMT and the relative total unitholder return from holding GMT units compared to other NZX property vehicles.
                    On vesting, delivery of units in GMT will be made from units held by the Consolidated Entity or acquired on market.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                         85
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Other items
      17. Notes to the cash flow statement
      (a) Reconciliation of cash
      For the purpose of the cash flow statement, cash includes cash on hand at the bank and short-term deposits at call.
      Cash at the balance date as shown in the cash flow statement is reconciled to the related items in the statement of financial
      position as follows:




For personal use only
            Consolidated
      		 2016            2015
      		 $M               $M
      Cash assets                                                                                                1,337.0               746.5

      (b) Reconciliation of profit for the year to net cash provided by operating activities
            Consolidated
      		 2016            2015
      		 $M               $M
      Profit for the year                                                                                        1,294.7           1,229.2
      Items classified as investing activities
      Net gain on disposal of investment properties                                                                 (18.1)               (7.8)
      Net loss/(gain) on disposal of controlled entiites                                                              2.3              (33.3)
      Net loss/(gain) on disposal of equity investments                                                              42.5                (0.4)
      Non-cash items
      Amortisation and depreciation                                                                                   7.7                6.6
      Share based payments expense                                                                                   66.9               51.0
      Net gain from fair value adjustments on investment properties                                                (327.8)            (515.9)
      Impairment losses                                                                                             249.1               28.2
      Share of net results of equity accounted investments                                                         (928.6)            (614.1)
      Net finance expense                                                                                            13.0              127.8
      Income tax expense                                                                                             75.6               21.0
      Operating profit before changes in working capital and provisions                                             477.3              292.3
      Changes in assets and liabilities during the year:
      – (Increase)/decrease in receivables                                                                           (95.3)            134.4
      – Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                                          171.4             (257.7)
      – (Increase)/decrease in other assets                                                                            (4.0)               6.0
      – Increase in payables                                                                                          68.7               21.1
      – Decrease in provisions                                                                                         (6.8)              (0.7)
                                                                                                                    611.3              195.4
      Distributions/dividends received from equity accounted investments                                            421.5              511.6
      Net finance costs paid                                                                                       (183.2)              (21.0)
      Net income taxes paid                                                                                          (19.5)             (31.3)
      Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                     830.1              654.7

      (c) Non-cash transactions
      During the current financial year, the Consolidated Entity’s distribution reinvestment plan was active for the August 2015 and
      February 2016 distributions. In relation to these distributions, $95.5 million was made in the form of Goodman securities.
      In the prior financial year, the significant non-cash transactions were as follows:
      + the Consolidated Entity’s distribution reinvestment plan was active for the August 2014 and February 2015 distributions.
        In relation to these distributions, $89.4 million was made in the form of Goodman securities; and
      + the Consolidated Entity received distributions of $31.7 million from GAP and GADP in the form of units in the respective
        managed partnership.




      86                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Other items continued
                    18. Reserves
                             Consolidated
                    		 2016               2015
                      Note $M              $M
                    Asset revaluation reserve1                     18(a)                                                                                    (5.3)            (142.8)
                    Cash flow hedge reserve                        18(b)                                                                                    (5.9)                (5.0)




For personal use only
                    Foreign currency translation reserve           18(c)                                                                                  (28.2)               (28.7)
                    Employee compensation reserve                  18(d)                                                                                 102.5                  78.3
                    Defined benefit funds actuarial losses reserve 18(e)                                                                                  (30.3)               (34.2)
                    Total reserves		                                                                                                                       32.8              (132.4)
                  1. In prior years, unrealised gains or losses on investment properties were transferred from (accumulated losses)/retained earnings to the asset revaluation
                     reserve. From 1 July 2015, the Consolidated Entity has amended its practice such that these unrealised gains or losses are maintained in (accumulated
                     losses)/retained earnings and any relevant amounts included in the asset revaluation reserve at 1 July 2015 have been transferred back to (accumulated
                     losses)/retained earnings.

                    The reserves of the Consolidated Entity are apportioned below between the amounts Securityholders are entitled to by virtue of
                    their shareholding in the Company, their unitholding in GIT and their CDIs over shares of GLHK:
                                                                                 GL                           GIT                         GLHK                  Securityholders
                                                                         2016           2015         2016            2015       2016             2015           2016        2015
                                                                          $M             $M           $M              $M         $M               $M             $M          $M
                    (a) Asset revaluation reserve
                    Balance at the beginning of the year     (326.0)                  (178.0)      191.3            (929.8)      (8.1)            2.1         (142.8)       (1,105.7)
                    (Decrease)/increase due to revaluation
                    of other financial assets                   (6.7)                   (2.2)         6.6              2.1          –              –                (0.1)       (0.1)
                    Transfers to/from retained earnings/
                    (accumulated losses)                      305.6                   (141.2)      (170.1)      1,132.6            1.7           (7.3)         137.2          984.1
                    Effect of foreign currency translation       5.5                     (4.6)        0.4          (13.6)         (5.5)          (2.9)           0.4           (21.1)
                    Balance at the end of the year            (21.6)                  (326.0)        28.2         191.3         (11.9)           (8.1)          (5.3)        (142.8)
                    (b) Cash flow hedge reserve
                    Balance at the beginning of the year        (0.1)                   (0.1)         (4.9)           (9.6)         –              –                (5.0)       (9.7)
                    Change in value of financial instruments       –                       –          (0.9)            0.8          –              –                (0.9)        0.8
                    Transfers to other comprehensive income        –                       –             –             4.1          –              –                   –         4.1
                    Effect of foreign currency translation       0.1                       –          (0.1)           (0.2)         –              –                   –        (0.2)
                    Balance at the end of the year                 –                    (0.1)         (5.9)           (4.9)         –              –                (5.9)       (5.0)
                    Refer to note 13 for the accounting policy relating to this reserve.
                    (c) Foreign currency translation reserve
                    Balance at the beginning of the year     (155.4)                   (83.5)        21.8           (251.1)    104.9             77.5           (28.7)       (257.1)
                    Transfers to the income statement          34.3                        –            –                –         –                –            34.3             –
                    Net exchange differences on conversion
                    of foreign operations                     138.4                     (71.9)     (172.3)          272.9        0.1          27.4             (33.8)         228.4
                    Balance at the end of the year             17.3                   (155.4)      (150.5)           21.8      105.0         104.9             (28.2)         (28.7)
                    Refer to note 1(c) for the accounting policy relating to this reserve.
                    (d) Employee compensation reserve
                    Balance at the beginning of the year         6.9                     4.1         64.7            57.0         6.7             3.2           78.3           64.3
                    Equity settled share based payments expense 30.7                    25.5         16.2             7.7         4.4             3.5           51.3           36.7
                    Transfers to retained earnings/
                    (accumulated losses)                       (27.1)                  (22.7)           –               –          –                –           (27.1)         (22.7)
                    Balance at the end of the year              10.5                     6.9         80.9            64.7       11.1              6.7          102.5            78.3
                    Refer to note 16(b) for the accounting policy relating to this reserve.
                    (e) Defined benefit funds actuarial losses reserve
                    Balance at the beginning of the year      (34.2)                   (22.3)            –               –          –              –            (34.2)         (22.3)
                    Actuarial losses on defined benefit
                    superannuation funds                        (0.4)                    (9.1)           –               –          –              –             (0.4)           (9.1)
                    Effect of foreign currency translation       4.3                     (2.8)           –               –          –              –              4.3            (2.8)
                    Balance at the end of the year            (30.3)                   (34.2)            –               –          –              –           (30.3)          (34.2)
                    Refer to note 2 for the accounting policy relating to this reserve.
                    Total reserves                               (24.1)      (508.8)                (47.3)          272.9      104.2         103.5              32.8         (132.4)




                                                                          GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                        87
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Other items continued
      19. Retained earnings/(accumulated losses)
      The retained earnings/(accumulated losses) of the Consolidated Entity are apportioned below between the amounts
      Securityholders are entitled to by virtue of their shareholding in the Company, their unitholding in GIT and their CDIs over shares of
      GLHK:
                                                                     GL                       GIT                      GLHK                    Securityholders




For personal use only
                                                            2016           2015      2016            2015      2016           2015             2016        2015
                                                             $M             $M        $M              $M        $M             $M               $M          $M
      Balance at the beginning of the year                 398.7           14.9   (1,338.5)         (720.9)   186.3           94.2       (753.5)        (611.8)
      (Loss)/profit for the year                          (131.9)         219.9    1,232.4           903.3    174.1           84.8      1,274.6        1,208.0
      Transfers to/from asset
      revaluation reserve1                                (305.6)         141.2     170.1      (1,132.6)       (1.7)           7.3        (137.2)       (984.1)
      Transfers from employee
      compensation reserve                                   27.1          22.7         –             –           –           –             27.1          22.7
      Dividends/distributions declared                          –             –    (408.0)       (388.3)          –           –           (408.0)       (388.3)
      Balance at the end of the year                        (11.7)        398.7    (344.0)     (1,338.5)      358.7       186.3              3.0        (753.5)
    1. Refer to note 18.

      20. Other non-controlling interests
      Goodman issued hybrid securities in Goodman PLUS Trust, a controlled entity of GIT, that meet the definition of equity for the
      purpose of the Consolidated Entity. The hybrid securities are preferred, perpetual non-call securities which are listed on the ASX.
      Goodman PLUS Trust pays, at its discretion, distributions at a market rate plus a margin. The hybrid securities may be exchanged
      or repurchased in certain circumstances. Accordingly, these hybrid securities have been classified as equity and presented
      as other non-controlling interests. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of hybrid securities are recognised as a
      deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.
      For the year ended 30 June 2016, the movement in Goodman PLUS was as follows:
                                                                                                                                          Consolidated
                                                                                                                                      2016             2015
                                                                                                                                       $M               $M
      Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                           325.8               325.8
      Profit attributable to other non-controlling interests                                                                           20.1                21.2
      Distributions paid to holders of Goodman PLUS                                                                                   (20.1)              (21.2)
      Balance at the end of the year1                                                                                                325.8               325.8
    1. The non-controlling interest balance is net of issue costs.

      The key terms of the Goodman PLUS are as follows:
      + distributions under Goodman PLUS are discretionary and payable quarterly on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and
        31 December at a margin of 3.90% per annum over the three month Bank Bill Swap Rate;
      + the first remarketing date is 30 September 2017 and thereafter every five years. After 30 September 2017, the Goodman PLUS
        may be repurchased or exchanged;
      + a step-up margin of 0.25% per annum will apply if Goodman PLUS are not repurchased, exchanged or successfully remarketed
        on or before 30 September 2022;
      + a final step-up margin of 0.75% per annum will apply if Goodman PLUS are not repurchased or exchanged on or before
        31 December 2038; and
      + Goodman PLUS holders will have the right to require the Trust to elect to repurchase or exchange the Goodman PLUS on
        31 December 2073.
      Distributions declared during the current financial year by Goodman PLUS Trust to holders of hybrid securities were $20.1 million
      (2015: $21.2 million), or 614.8 cents per unit (2015: 647.9 cents per unit).




      88                                                      GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Other items continued
                    21. Controlled entities
                    Controlled entities are entities controlled by the Company. The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and
                    liabilities of all entities controlled by the Consolidated Entity as at 30 June 2016 and the results of all such entities for the year
                    ended 30 June 2016.
                    Where an entity either began or ceased to be controlled by the Company during the financial year, the results of that entity are




For personal use only
                    included only from or to the date control commenced or ceased.
                    Unrealised gains and losses and inter-entity balances resulting from transactions with or between controlled entities are eliminated
                    in full on consolidation.
                    The significant controlled entities of Goodman Limited are set out below:
                    Significant controlled entities                                                                    Country of establishment/incorporation
                    Carter Street Trust                                                                                                             Australia
                    GA Industrial Portfolio Trust                                                                                                   Australia
                    GIT Investments Holding Trust No.3                                                                                              Australia
                    Goodman Australia Finance Pty Limited                                                                                           Australia
                    Goodman Capital Trust                                                                                                           Australia
                    Goodman Europe Development Trust                                                                                                Australia
                    Goodman Finance Australia Trust                                                                                                 Australia
                    Goodman Funding Pty Limited                                                                                                     Australia
                    Goodman Funds Management Australia Limited                                                                                      Australia
                    Goodman Funds Management Limited                                                                                                Australia
                    Goodman Industrial Funds Management Limited                                                                                     Australia
                    Goodman Industrial Trust                                                                                                        Australia
                    Goodman PLUS Trust                                                                                                              Australia
                    Goodman Property Services (Aust) Pty Limited                                                                                    Australia
                    Goodman Treasury Trust                                                                                                          Australia
                    Goodman Ultimo Trust                                                                                                            Australia
                    MAC Unit Trust                                                                                                                  Australia
                    MIP Trust                                                                                                                       Australia
                    The Moorabbin Airport Unit Trust                                                                                                Australia
                    Goodman Management Services (Belgium) NV                                                                                         Belgium
                    Goodman Brasil Logistica S.A.                                                                                                       Brazil
                    Goodman Investimentos e Participações S.A.                                                                                          Brazil
                    GJDP Limited                                                                                                              Cayman Islands
                    Goodman China Asset Management Limited                                                                                    Cayman Islands
                    Goodman China Developments                                                                                                Cayman Islands
                    Goodman Developments Asia                                                                                                 Cayman Islands
                    MGI HK Finance                                                                                                            Cayman Islands
                    Goodman Management Consulting (Beijing) Co. Ltd                                                                                    China
                    Goodman Management Consulting (Shanghai) Co. Ltd                                                                                   China
                    Goodman France Sàrl                                                                                                               France
                    Goodman Germany GmbH                                                                                                            Germany
                    GFM Hong Kong Limited                                                                                                         Hong Kong
                    Goodman Asia Limited                                                                                                          Hong Kong
                    Goodman China Limited                                                                                                         Hong Kong
                    Goodman Hong Kong Investment Trust                                                                                            Hong Kong
                    Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited                                                                                                Hong Kong
                    GPS Hong Kong Limited                                                                                                         Hong Kong
                    Goodman Japan Funds Limited                                                                                                        Japan
                    Goodman Japan Limited                                                                                                              Japan
                    ABPP Investment Jersey Limited                                                                                                    Jersey
                    Goodman Finance (Jersey) Limited                                                                                                  Jersey
                    Goodman Management (Jersey) Limited                                                                                               Jersey
                    Goodman Property Holdings (Jersey) Limited                                                                                        Jersey
                    GELF Management (Lux) Sàrl                                                                                                   Luxembourg
                    GJL Management Lux Sàrl                                                                                                      Luxembourg
                    Goodman Europe (Lux) Sàrl                                                                                                    Luxembourg
                    Goodman Finance Two (Lux) Sàrl                                                                                               Luxembourg
                    Goodman Finance (Lux) Sàrl                                                                                                   Luxembourg
                    Goodman Management Holdings (Lux) Sàrl                                                                                       Luxembourg
                    Goodman Meadow Logistics Sàrl                                                                                                Luxembourg
                    Goodman Midnight Logistics (Lux) Sàrl                                                                                        Luxembourg
                    Goodman Property Opportunities (Lux) Sàrl, SICAR                                                                             Luxembourg
                    GPO Advisory (Lux) Sàrl                                                                                                      Luxembourg




                                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                         89
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Other items continued
      21. Controlled entities continued
      Significant controlled entities                                                                 Country of establishment/incorporation
      Goodman Finance NZ Limited                                                                                               New Zealand
      Goodman Holdings (NZ) Limited                                                                                            New Zealand
      Goodman Investment Holdings (NZ) Limited                                                                                 New Zealand
      Goodman Property Services (NZ) Limited                                                                                   New Zealand




For personal use only
      Goodman (NZ) Limited                                                                                                     New Zealand
      Goodman (Paihia) Limited                                                                                                 New Zealand
      Goodman (Wynyard Precinct) Limited                                                                                       New Zealand
      Goodman Poland Sp zoo                                                                                                          Poland
      Goodman Galaxy Holding BV                                                                                             The Netherlands
      Goodman Business Services (UK) Limited                                                                                United Kingdom
      Goodman Development Management (UK) Limited                                                                           United Kingdom
      Goodman Eastside Locks UK Ltd                                                                                         United Kingdom
      Goodman Logistics Developments (UK) Limited                                                                           United Kingdom
      Goodman Operator (UK) Limited                                                                                         United Kingdom
      Goodman Real Estate Adviser (UK) Limited                                                                              United Kingdom
      Goodman Real Estate (UK) Limited                                                                                      United Kingdom
      Goodman UK Limited                                                                                                    United Kingdom
      Goodman Birtcher Development Management LLC                                                                             United States
      Goodman Birtcher Investment GP LLC                                                                                      United States
      Goodman Birtcher North America LLC                                                                                      United States
      Goodman Birtcher North America Management LLC                                                                           United States
      Goodman Birtcher Property Management LP                                                                                 United States
      Goodman Birtcher Property Management USA GP Inc                                                                         United States
      Goodman Management USA Inc                                                                                              United States
      Tarpon Properties REIT Inc                                                                                              United States

      Acquisition of operating management platform in Brazil
      On 17 March 2016, Goodman and WTorre agreed to split their respective interests in the assets and liabilities of the Brazilian
      property development joint venture, WT Goodman. Under the agreement, Goodman acquired the entities holding the management
      platform, four property assets and associated external debt and as consideration cancelled the 50% equity interest that it owned
      in WT Goodman.
      The identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed are as follows:
                                                                                                                                        2016
                                                                                                                                         $M
      Cash		                                8.7
      Inventories		                     229.4
      Other assets		                      11.2
      Interest bearing liabilities		   (132.9)
      Deferred tax liabilities		         (20.5)
      Other payables		                     (1.9)
      Total net idenitifiable assets		    94.0

      No goodwill was recognised on the acquisition of the Brazil entities.
      In the three months ended 30 June 2016, the Brazil operations contributed revenue of $6.2 million and loss before tax of
      $2.4 million to the results of the Consolidated Entity.
      The derecognition of the Consolidated Entity’s existing investment in the WT Goodman joint venture resulted in a loss of
      $64.2 million which is included as part of the net loss on disposal of equity investments. This loss includes the amount transferred
      through the income statement from the foreign currency translation reserve and transaction costs.
      Disposal of controlled entities
      During the year, the Consolidated Entity disposed of four controlled entities with total assets of $42.0 million (primarily investment
      properties) and total liabilities of $37.8 million for a consideration of $1.9 million.




      90                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Other items continued
                    22. Related parties
                    The names of key management personnel of the Consolidated Entity at any time during the financial year are as follows:
                    Non-Executive Directors		                 Executive Directors
                    Mr Ian Ferrier, AM		                      Mr Gregory Goodman
                    Mr Philip Fan		                           Mr Anthony Rozic




For personal use only
                    Mr John Harkness		                        Mr Philip Pearce­1
                    Ms Anne Keating		                         Mr Danny Peeters
                    Ms Rebecca McGrath		                      Other senior executives
                    Mr Phillip Pryke		                        Mr Nick Kurtis
                    Mr Jim Sloman, OAM		                      Mr Nick Vrondas
                    		                                        Mr Jason Little.
                  1. Mr Philip Pearce ceased to be a KMP effective 12 July 2016.

                    Remuneration of key management personnel
                    The key management personnel remuneration totals are as follows:
                                                                                                              Consolidated                        Goodman Limited1
                                                                                                          2016            2015                  2016           2015
                                                                                                           $M              $M                    $M              $M
                    Short-term employee benefits                                                            8.5              18.3                   –                –
                    Post-employment benefits                                                                0.2               0.2                   –                –
                    Equity compensation benefits                                                           15.2              11.4                   –                –
                    Long-term employee benefits                                                             6.7               0.1                   –                –
                                                                                                           30.6              30.0                   –                –
                  1. The remuneration is paid by wholly-owned controlled entities of the Company.

                    Individual Directors’ and executives’ compensation disclosures
                    Information regarding individual Directors’ and executives’ compensation and some equity instruments disclosures as required
                    by Corporations Regulations 2M.3.03 is provided in the remuneration report section of the Directors’ report.
                    Transactions with associates and JVs
                    The transactions with managed partnerships during the financial year were as follows:
                                                                    Revenue from disposals              Revenue from management                  Interest charged on
                                                                    of investment properties        services and development activities        loans to related parties
                                                                     2016             2015                 2016           2015                  2016              2015
                                                                       $M              $M                   $M              $M                    $M                $M
                    Associates                                         2.7              11.2             750.1             576.9                  0.3              1.7
                    JVs                                                  –                 –             356.8             171.6                 (0.1)             1.0

                    Amounts due from managed partnerships at 30 June 2016 were as follows:
                                                                                                              Amounts due                          Loans provided
                                                                                                           from related parties1                    by Goodman2
                                                                                                          2016             2015                 2016            2015
                                                                                                            $M               $M                  $M               $M
                    Associates
                    GAIP                                                                                    6.9               4.7                  –                 –
                    GAP                                                                                     2.6               2.3                  –                 –
                    GMT                                                                                    10.8               0.1                  –                 –
                    GHKLP                                                                                   9.4               7.9                  –                 –
                    GJCP                                                                                    1.1                 –                  –                 –
                    GEP                                                                                    17.8              15.6               16.9              20.0
                    ABPP                                                                                    1.7               1.9                  –                 –
                                                                                                           50.3              32.5               16.9              20.0
                    JVs
                    GCLP                                                                                    8.6                 –                  –                 –
                    Other JVs                                                                               5.8               3.5               18.0              28.8
                                                                                                           14.4               3.5               18.0              28.8
                  1. Amounts due from related parties are either receivable within 30 days or on completion of the related development project.
                  2. Loans provided by Goodman to associates and JVs have generally been provided on an arm’s length basis. At 30 June 2016, a shareholder loan
                     of $16.9 million (2015: $20.0 million) has been provided to GEP and its controlled entities, and incurs interest at 8.4% per annum.




                                                                        GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                            91
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Other items continued
      23. Commitments
                                                                                                                            Consolidated
                                                                                                                        2016             2015
                                                                                                                         $M               $M
      Non-cancellable operating lease commitments
      Future operating lease commitments not provided for in the financial statements and payable:




For personal use only
      – Within one year                                                                                                 18.9              16.3
      – One year or later and no later than five years                                                                  47.1              34.0
      – Later than five years                                                                                            6.8               9.6
                                                                                                                        72.8              59.9

      Development activities
      At 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity was also committed to expenditure in respect of $393.2 million (2015: $431.4 million)
      on inventories and other development activities.
      Investment properties
      At 30 June 2016, capital expenditure commitments on Goodman’s existing investment property portfolio was $69.7 million
      (2015: $18.9 million).
      Managed partnerships
      At 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity has made an equity commitment of $89.7 million (2015: $97.6 million) into GEP.
      In relation to GAIP and GEP, the Consolidated Entity offers limited liquidity facilities to investors, which allow the investors to sell
      to the Consolidated Entity some or all of their investment in the managed partnerships. Limits apply to these liquidity facilities and
      Goodman is only required to offer to purchase up to $7.5 million of the issued capital of GAIP each quarter and EUR 25 million
      of the issued capital of GEP each half year. Furthermore, the Consolidated Entity is only required to purchase units where its
      co-investment in GAIP or GEP is either below a prescribed limit or a maximum amount of liquidity has been provided. Currently,
      Goodman’s interest (together with its custodian’s interest) in GAIP and GEP is below the prescribed limit and both liquidity
      facilities are open for investors.
      Furthermore, in respect of certain partnerships, Goodman and its investment partners have committed to invest further capital,
      subject to the unanimous approval by the partners of the relevant property acquisition and/or development for which the funding
      is required. Goodman’s commitment in respect of these partnerships is set out below:
      + $467.2 million (2015: $223.3 million) into GCLP;
      + $411.2 million (2015: $336.0 million) into GJDP;
      + $327.2 million (2015: $nil) into GUKP;
      + $1,200.3 million (2015: $1,212.0 million) into GNAP; and
      + $10.6 million (2015: $10.7 million) into other development partnerships.
      24. Auditors’ remuneration
                                                                                                                            Consolidated
                                                                                                                        2016             2015
                                                                                                                        $000             $000
      Audit services
      Auditor of the Company:
      – Audit and review of financial reports (KPMG Australia)                                                         925.1            977.7
      – Audit and review of financial reports (overseas KPMG firms)                                                    934.9            944.5
                                                                                                                     1,860.0          1,922.2
      Other assurance services
      – Other regulatory services (KPMG Australia)                                                                      30.8              72.4
      – Investigative accounting services (overseas KPMG firms)                                                            –              74.1
      – Property advisory services (KPMG Australia)                                                                        –              14.7
      – Property advisory services (overseas KPMG firms)                                                                10.1                 –
      – Other advisory services (KPMG Australia)                                                                        35.0                 –
      Taxation services
      – Taxation compliance services (KPMG Australia)                                                                      –              2.6
      – Taxation compliance services (overseas KPMG firms)                                                             164.0            242.4
      – Other taxation advice (KPMG Australia)                                                                          34.1             31.0
      – Other taxation advice (overseas KPMG firms)                                                                    164.0            138.4
                                                                                                                       438.0            575.6
      Total paid/payable to KPMG                                                                                     2,298.0          2,497.8
      Other auditors
      – Audit and review of financial reports (non-KPMG firms)                                                         188.2            188.8




      92                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Other items continued                                                    Parent Entity capital commitments
                    25. Parent Entity disclosures                                            The Parent Entity has no capital commitments (2015: $nil).
                    The financial information for the Parent Entity, Goodman                 Parent Entity contingencies
                    Limited, disclosed below, has been prepared on the same
                    basis as the consolidated financial statements, except as                Capitalisation Deed Poll
                    set out below:                                                           The Company and certain of its wholly-owned controlled
                                                                                             entities are investors under a Capitalisation Deed Poll




For personal use only
                    Investments in controlled entities and                                   (CDP) dated 23 May 2007. Under the CDP, each investor
                    managed partnerships                                                     undertakes to pay to the relevant controlled entity borrower
                    Investments in controlled entities and managed partnerships              (borrower) any amounts owing under the CDP when the
                    are accounted for at cost in the financial statements of                 borrower fails to make a payment. Any payments by an
                    Goodman Limited. Distributions/dividends received from                   investor to a borrower will be by way of loan to, or proceeds
                    managed partnerships are recognised in profit or loss,                   for the subscription of equity in, the borrower by the
                    rather than being deducted from the carrying amount of                   investor. As at 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity had
                    these investments.                                                       A$306.5 million (2015: A$333.2 million) of debt which had
                                                                                             the benefit of the CDP.
                    Tax consolidation
                    The Company is the head entity in a tax consolidated                     Euro medium-term note programme
                    group comprising all Australian wholly-owned subsidiaries                Under the Euro medium-term note programme (refer to
                    (this excludes GIT and its controlled entities). The head                note 12(d)), Goodman Australia Finance Pty Limited, a
                    entity recognises all of the current tax assets and liabilities          controlled entity of GIT, issued £250 million notes, maturing
                    of the tax consolidated group (after elimination of intra-               on 16 July 2018, at a fixed coupon of 9.75% per annum.
                    group transactions).                                                     Goodman Limited, Goodman Funds Management Limited,
                                                                                             as responsible entity of GIT, and GLHK have unconditionally
                    The tax consolidated group has entered into a tax funding                and irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several basis the
                    arrangement that requires wholly-owned subsidiaries to                   payment of principal and interest in respect of these Euro
                    make contributions to the head entity for current tax assets             medium-term notes.
                    and liabilities arising from external transactions during the
                    financial year. Under the tax funding arrangements, the                  United States senior notes
                    contributions are calculated on a stand-alone basis so                   Under the issue of notes in the United States 144A/Reg
                    that the contributions are equivalent to the tax balances                S bond market (refer to note 12(e)), Goodman Funding Pty
                    generated by external transactions entered into by wholly-               Limited, a controlled entity of GIT, issued US$325.0 million,
                    owned subsidiaries within the tax consolidated group. The                US$500.0 million and US$500.0 million notes maturing
                    timing of contributions reflects the timing of the head entity’s         on 12 November 2020, 15 April 2021 and 22 March
                    obligations to make payments for tax liabilities to the relevant         2022 respectively. Goodman Limited, Goodman Funds
                    tax authorities. The assets and liabilities arising under the tax        Management Limited, as responsible entity of GIT, and GLHK
                    funding arrangement are recognised as inter-company assets               have unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on a joint
                    and liabilities with a consequential adjustment to income tax            and several basis the payment of principal and interest in
                    expense/revenue.                                                         respect of the notes.
                    Financial guarantees                                                     Goodman PLUS guarantee
                    Where the Parent Entity has provided financial guarantees                Goodman Limited, Goodman Funds Management Limited,
                    in relation to loans and payables of controlled entities for             as responsible entity of GIT, and GLHK have unconditionally
                    no compensation, the fair values of these guarantees are                 and irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several basis the
                    accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of                 payment of the moneys owing to the holders of Goodman
                    the cost of the investment.                                              PLUS (refer to note 20) under the terms of issue and
                    As at, and throughout the financial year ended, 30 June                  subscription terms for those securities.
                    2016, the parent company of the Consolidated Entity was                  26. Events subsequent to balance date
                    Goodman Limited.
                                                                  2016                2015   On 11 August 2016, Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited
                                                                   $M                  $M    proposed a dividend of 1.0 cent per security to be paid
                                                                                             on 26 August 2016.
                    Result of the Parent Entity
                    Profit/(loss) for the year              70.2                 (577.0)     In the opinion of the Directors, other than the declaration of
                    Other comprehensive income for the year    –                      –      the dividend, there were no events subsequent to balance
                    Total comprehensive income for the year 70.2                 (577.0)     date, and up to the date of signature of this Directors’
                                                                                             report, that would require adjustment or disclosure in the
                    Financial position of the
                                                                                             consolidated financial report.
                    Parent Entity at year end
                    Current assets                         480.6                 283.6
                    Total assets                         1,703.4               1,382.3
                    Current liabilities                  1,682.5               1,532.8
                    Total liabilities                    1,682.5               1,532.8
                    Total equity of the
                    Parent Entity comprising:
                    Issued capital                         728.8                  668.4
                    Profits reserve                         90.7                   90.7
                    Employee compensation reserve            9.1                    5.5
                    Accumulated losses                    (807.7)                (915.1)
                    Total equity                            20.9                 (150.5)



                                                                     GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                         93
      DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION
      GOODMAN LIMITED AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES



      In the opinion of the directors of Goodman Limited:
      (a)	the consolidated financial statements and the notes set out on pages 45 to 93 and the remuneration report that is contained
           on pages 28 to 39 in the Directors’ report, are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
            (i)	giving a true and fair view of the Consolidated Entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2016 and of its performance for the
                 financial year ended on that date; and
            (ii)	complying with Australian Accounting Standards (including Australian Accounting Interpretations) and the Corporations




For personal use only
                  Regulations 2001; and
      (b)	there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due
           and payable.
      The Directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from the Group Chief
      Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2016.
      The Directors draw attention to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, which includes a statement of compliance with
      International Financial Reporting Standards.
      Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




      Ian Ferrier, AM                                      Gregory Goodman
      Independent Chairman                                 Group Chief Executive Officer
      Sydney, 11 August 2016




      94                                               GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                    TO THE MEMBERS OF GOODMAN LIMITED




                    Report on the consolidated financial report                                                                        We performed the procedures to assess whether in all material
                    We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial                                                            respects the consolidated financial report presents fairly, in
                    report of Goodman Limited (the Company), which comprises                                                           accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and Australian
                                                                                                                                       Accounting Standards, a true and fair view which is consistent




For personal use only
                    the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June
                    2016, and consolidated income statement and consolidated                                                           with our understanding of the Consolidated Entity’s financial
                    statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement                                                          position and of its performance.
                    of changes in equity and consolidated cash flow statement                                                          We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained
                    for the year ended on that date, notes 1 to 26 comprising                                                          is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                    a summary of significant accounting policies and other                                                             audit opinion.
                    explanatory information and the directors’ declaration of the
                    Consolidated Entity comprising the Company and the entities                                                        Independence
                    it controlled at the year’s end or from time to time during the                                                    In conducting our audit, we have complied with the
                    financial year.                                                                                                    independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001.
                    Directors’ responsibility for the consolidated                                                                     Auditor’s opinion
                    financial report                                                                                                   In our opinion:
                    The directors of the Company are responsible for the
                    preparation of the consolidated financial report that gives a                                                      (a) the consolidated financial report of Goodman Limited is in
                    true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting                                                             accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                    Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal                                                          (i)	giving a true and fair view of the Consolidated Entity’s
                    control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the                                                               financial position as at 30 June 2016 and of its
                    preparation of the consolidated financial report that is free                                                               performance for the year ended on that date; and
                    from material misstatement whether due to fraud or error. In
                    note 1, the directors also state, in accordance with Australian                                                        (ii)	complying with Australian Accounting Standards and
                    Accounting Standard AASB 101 Presentation of Financial                                                                       the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                    Statements, that the financial statements of the Consolidated                                                      (b) the consolidated financial report also complies with
                    Entity comply with International Financial Reporting Standards.                                                         International Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed in
                    Auditor’s responsibility                                                                                                note 1.
                    Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the consolidated                                                    Report on the remuneration report
                    financial report based on our audit. We conducted our audit                                                        We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages
                    in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. These                                                            28 to 39 of the Directors’ report for the year ended 30 June
                    Auditing Standards require that we comply with relevant ethical                                                    2016. The directors of the company are responsible for the
                    requirements relating to audit engagements and plan and                                                            preparation and presentation of the remuneration report in
                    perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance whether the                                                       accordance with Section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                    consolidated financial report is free from material misstatement.                                                  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the remuneration
                    An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit                                                            report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with
                    evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the                                                                  auditing standards.
                    consolidated financial report. The procedures selected depend                                                      Auditor’s opinion
                    on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the
                    risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial                                                       In our opinion, the remuneration report of Goodman Limited for
                    report, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk                                                        the year ended 30 June 2016, complies with Section 300A of
                    assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to                                                    the Corporations Act 2001.
                    the entity’s preparation of the consolidated financial report that
                    gives a true and fair view in order to design audit procedures
                    that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the
                    purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
                    the entity’s internal control. An audit also includes evaluating
                    the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the
                    reasonableness of accounting estimates made by the
                                                                                                                                       KPMG
                    directors, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
                    consolidated financial report.




                                                                                                                                       John Teer                          Eileen Hoggett
                                                                                                                                       Partner                            Partner
                                                                                                                                       Sydney, 11 August 2016             Sydney, 11 August 2016


                    KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG
                    network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG            Liability limited by a scheme approved under
                    International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.   Professional Standards Legislation.




                                                                                                GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                           95
      GOODMAN INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016



      Contents                                                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      Directors’ report                                          97   Basis of preparation
      Lead auditor’s independence declaration                   105    1 Basis of preparation                          111
      Consolidated statement of financial position              106   Results for the year
      Consolidated income statement                             107    2 Profit before income tax                      113




For personal use only
                                                                       3 Segment reporting                             114
      Consolidated statement of comprehensive income            108
                                                                       4 Income tax                                    115
      Consolidated statement of changes in equity               109
                                                                      Operating assets and liabilities
      Consolidated cash flow statement                          110    5 Property assets                               115
                                                                       6 Receivables                                   122
                                                                       7 Payables                                      123
                                                                      Capital management
                                                                       8 Net finance income/(expense)                  123
                                                                       9 Interest bearing liabilities                  125
                                                                      10 Other financial assets and liabilities        126
                                                                      11 Financial risk management                     127
                                                                      12 Provision for distributions                   133
                                                                      13 Issued capital                                134
                                                                      Other items
                                                                      14 Notes to the cash flow statement              134
                                                                      15 Reserves                                      136
                                                                      16 Accumulated losses                            136
                                                                      17 Non-controlling interests                     137
                                                                      18 Controlled entities                           138
                                                                      19 Related party disclosures                     139
                                                                      20 Commitments                                   140
                                                                      21 Auditors’ remuneration                        140
                                                                      22 Parent Entity disclosures                     140
                                                                      23 Events subsequent to balance date             141
                                                                      Directors’ declaration                           142
                                                                      Independent auditor’s report                     143




      96                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                    The directors (Directors) of Goodman Funds Management Limited (Responsible Entity), the responsible entity for Goodman
                    Industrial Trust (GIT, Trust or Parent Entity), present their Directors’ report together with the consolidated financial report of GIT and
                    the entities it controlled (Consolidated Entity) at the end of, or during, the year ended 30 June 2016 and the audit report thereon.
                    GIT is deemed to be a controlled entity of Goodman Limited (GL). In this consolidated financial report, GL and its controlled
                    entities are referred to as Goodman Group.
                    GIT’s units are stapled to both shares in GL and CHESS Depositary Interests (CDIs) over shares in Goodman Logistics (HK)




For personal use only
                    Limited (GLHK). The units in GIT, shares in GL and CDIs over ordinary shares in GLHK are quoted as a single security on the
                    Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) as Goodman Group stapled securities.
                    Principal activities
                    The principal activity of the Consolidated Entity during the year was property investment. There were no significant changes to
                    the nature of the Consolidated Entity’s activities during the year.
                    Directors
                    The Directors at any time during, or since the end of, the year were:
                    Directors                                                                                                                            Appointment date
                    Mr Ian Ferrier, AM (Independent Chairman)                                                                                      23 February 2005
                    Mr Gregory Goodman (Group Chief Executive Officer)                                                                              17 January 1995
                    Mr Philip Fan (Independent Director)                                                                                           1 December 2011
                    Mr John Harkness (Independent Director)                                                                                       1 September 2004
                    Ms Anne Keating (Independent Director)                                                                                          6 February 2004
                    Ms Rebecca McGrath (Independent Director)                                                                                           3 April 2012
                    Mr Philip Pearce (Managing Director, Greater China)                                                       1 January 2013 (resigned 12 July 2016)
                    Mr Danny Peeters (Executive Director, Corporate)                                                                                 1 January 2013
                    Mr Phillip Pryke (Independent Director)                                                                                         13 October 2010
                    Mr Anthony Rozic (Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer)                                                                          1 January 2013
                    Mr Jim Sloman, OAM (Independent Director)                                                                                       1 February 2006
                    Details of the Directors’ qualifications, experience and special responsibilities are set out on pages 101 to 102 in this Directors’ report.
                    Company Secretary
                    The Company Secretary at any time during, or since the end of, the year was:
                    Company Secretary                                                                                                                    Appointment date
                    Mr Carl Bicego                                                                                                                       24 October 2006

                    Details of the Company Secretary’s qualifications and experience are set out on page 102 in this Directors’ report.
                    Directors’ meetings
                    The number of Directors’ meetings held (including meetings of committees of Directors) and the number of meetings attended by
                    each of the Directors during the financial year were:
                    			                                                                                               Remuneration and
                    		                            Audit Committee                                                   Nomination Committee          Risk and Compliance
                                Board meetings        meetings                                                           meetings                 Committee meetings
                    Directors Held1    Attended2 Held1     Attended                                                  Held1     Attended            Held1     Attended
                    Mr Ian Ferrier                              11            11             4            4              3             3             –             –
                    Mr Gregory Goodman                          11            11             –            –              –             –             –             –
                    Mr Philip Fan                               11            11             4            4              –             –             4             4
                    Mr John Harkness                            11            11             4            4              –             –             4             4
                    Ms Anne Keating                             11            10             –            –              3             3             4             4
                    Ms Rebecca McGrath                          11            11             –            –              3             3             4             4
                    Mr Philip Pearce3                           11            10             –            –              –             –             –             –
                    Mr Danny Peeters                            11            10             –            –              –             –             –             –
                    Mr Phillip Pryke                            11            11             4            4              3             3             –             –
                    Mr Anthony Rozic                            11             9             –            –              –             –             –             –
                    Mr Jim Sloman                               11            11             –            –              3             3             4             4
                  1. Reflects the number of meetings individuals were entitled to attend.
                  2. Each Director attended every scheduled meeting. Several additional meetings were held on short notice for which some Directors were unable to attend.
                     However, they were able to review papers and provide their input into the meeting. At all times, there was a majority of independent Directors at all
                     meetings.
                  3. Mr Philip Pearce resigned as a Director on 12 July 2016.




                                                                        GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                 97
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      CONTINUED



      Operating and financial review                                     In regard to Goodman Group’s urban renewal strategy,
      Goodman Group’s strategy                                           $0.8 billion of sites in Sydney have now settled, with a further
                                                                         $1.0 billion of settlements expected in FY17.
      Goodman Group’s vision is to be a global leader in industrial
      property. This vision is executed through the integrated           The Consolidated Entity’s investment earnings are in line
      own+develop+manage business model, which is supported              with expectations, with the share of net results from equity
      by five strategic pillars. These pillars are:                      accounted investments continuing to grow, notwithstanding
                                                                         the asset rotation. However, net property income has




For personal use only
      + Quality partnerships – develop and maintain strong               decreased compared to the prior year due to the asset
        relationships with key stakeholders including customers,         disposals in Australia.
        capital partners, suppliers and employees;
      + Quality product and service –deliver high quality product        Property valuations
        and customer service in key logistics markets globally by        The strength of investment markets in most of the Consolidated
        actively leveraging Goodman Group’s industrial sector            Entity’s regions has resulted in the Consolidated Entity’s
        expertise, development and management experience and             valuation gains from urban renewal properties and share of
        global operating platform;                                       property valuation gains exceeding $0.75 billion, with the
      + Culture and brand – promote Goodman Group’s unique               weighted average capitalisation rate tightening from 7.0% to
        and recognisable brand and embed Goodman Group’s                 6.4% across the year.
        core values across each operating division to foster a
        strong and consistent culture;                                   Statement of financial position
      + Operational efficiency –optimise business resources to                                                           Consolidated
        ensure effectiveness and drive efficiencies; and                                                              2016          2015
      + Capital efficiency – maintain active capital management                                                        $M             $M
        to facilitate appropriate returns and sustainability of
                                                                         Stabilised investment properties         2,061.0          2,052.2
        the business.
                                                                         Cornerstone investments
      The performance of the Consolidated Entity, as represented         in partnerships                          3,893.3          3,166.5
      by the results of its operations for the year, was as follows:     Development holdings                       135.3            209.0
                                                                         Loans to related parties                 3,013.9          3,233.1
                                                     Consolidated        Cash                                     1,183.6            602.4
                                                  2016          2015     Other assets                               365.9            359.9
                                                   $M             $M
                                                                         Total assets                            10,653.0          9,623.1
      Net property income                    97.7                113.0
      Share of net results of equity                                     Interest bearing liabilities             2,584.3          2,604.8
      accounted investments                                              Other liabilities                          879.3            824.0
      (before asset revaluations and                                     Total liabilities                        3,463.6          3,428.8
      derivative mark to market movements) 244.4                 239.0   Non-controlling interests                  325.8            325.8
      Investment earnings                   342.1                352.0   Net assets attributable
      Property valuations                   767.4                556.7   to Unitholders                           6,863.6          5,868.5
      Profit attributable to unitholders
      of GIT (Unitholders)                1,434.8                903.3   Stabilised investment properties
      Total comprehensive income                                         The value of stabilised investment properties has increased
      attributable to Unitholders         1,268.6              1,169.4   by $8.8 million to $2,061.0 million, which is primarily due
                                                                         to revaluation gains during the year of $317.4 million
      Property investment                                                offset by asset disposals. The majority of the stabilised
      Investment earnings comprise gross property income, net of         investment properties are in Australia and the positive
      property expenses, and the Consolidated Entity’s share of the      planning outcomes from urban renewal sites have been
      results of equity accounted investments. The key drivers for       a key contributor to valuation gains.
      maintaining or growing the Consolidated Entity’s investment
      earnings are increasing the level of assets in partnerships        Cornerstone investments in partnerships
      (subject also to the Consolidated Entity’s direct and indirect     The value of cornerstone investments in partnerships has
      interest), maintaining or increasing occupancy and rental levels   increased by $726.8 million to $3,893.3 million. The increase
      within the portfolio, changes to rent levels and changes in        is driven primarily by valuations gains of $450.0 million arising
      financing arrangements.                                            from tightening of capitalisation rates and additional capital
                                                                         contributions of $313.2 million to fund asset acquisitions.
      During FY16, Goodman Group experienced sound underlying
      property fundamentals across its operating divisions. Like for     Loans to related parties
      like rental growth was 1.9% and robust leasing activity resulted   Loans to related parties are primarily loans to GL, GLHK
      in 3.3 million square metres of space being leased across          and their controlled entities. The majority of interest bearing
      the portfolio globally, equating to $346.5 million of annual       liabilities in Goodman Group is held by the Consolidated
      net property income. Additionally, retention rates for existing    Entity which on-lends the proceeds to other members of
      customers remained high at 79%. This has ensured that overall      Goodman Group to fund acquisitions and developments.
      occupancy was maintained at 96%, with the weighted average         Loans to related parties have decreased by $219.2 million
      lease expiry at 4.7 years.                                         to $3,013.9 million. The decrease is primarily due to the
      Goodman Group has continued to take advantage of the               repayment of loans by GLHK and its controlled entities using
      market demand for industrial property assets with further          proceeds from operating cash flows and the repayment of
      selective asset rotation across most of its operating divisions.   loans by GL and its controlled entities using the proceeds
      Goodman Group and its managed partnerships disposed of             from the sale of urban renewal assets, partially offset by
      $2.2 billion of property assets (excluding urban renewal sites)    the reversal of impairment losses of $202.3 million on
      in FY16, the most significant disposals being in Australia and     loans to GL.
      Continental Europe.


      98                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating and financial review continued                              Distributions
                    Cash and interest bearing liabilities                                 The total distribution declared to ordinary Unitholders during
                    Interest bearing liabilities net of cash are $1,400.7 million         the year was 23.0 cents per unit (2015: 22.2 cents per unit).
                    compared to $2,002.4 million at 30 June 2015. The decrease            Further details of distributions paid or declared during the year
                    is primarily due to the repayment of loans by related parties         are set out in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
                    and the proceeds received from the disposal of urban                  Environmental regulations
                    renewal assets.




For personal use only
                                                                                          The Consolidated Entity has policies and procedures in place
                    Issued capital                                                        that are designed to ensure that, where operations are subject
                    The movement in units on issue in GIT during the year is set          to any particular and significant environmental regulation
                    out below:                                                            under a law of Australia, those obligations are identified and
                                                                                          appropriately addressed. The Directors have determined that
                                                                    Consolidated          there has not been any material breach of those obligations
                                                                 2016          2015       during the year.
                                                                   M             M
                                                                                          Interests of the Responsible Entity
                    Units on issue at the beginning
                    of the year                           1,753.0              1,727.7    The Responsible Entity did not hold any units either directly
                    Units issued                             25.3                 25.3    or indirectly in the Consolidated Entity at any time during
                                                                                          the year and up to the date of signature of the consolidated
                    Units on issue at the end of the year 1,778.3              1,753.0    financial report.
                    Capital management                                                    Indemnification and insurance of officers and auditors
                    Goodman Group has maintained its prudent approach to                  The Responsible Entity is entitled to be indemnified out of
                    capital management, facilitated by the receipt of $0.8 billion        the assets of the Trust. Current and former directors of the
                    proceeds from urban renewal disposals. At 30 June 2016,               Responsible Entity are entitled to be indemnified under the
                    Goodman Group had available liquidity of $2.6 billion and had         constitution of the Responsible Entity. The directors of the
                    a weighted average debt maturity profile of 4.4 years, with debt      Responsible Entity are also directors of GL. Deeds of Indemnity
                    maturities fully covered up to June 2021. Gearing decreased to        have been executed by GL, consistent with the Constitution
                    11.8% (30 June 2015: 17.3%) and interest cover of 5.5 times           of GL, in favour of each Director. The Deed indemnifies each
                    (30 June 2015: 6.0 times) provides significant headroom relative      Director to the extent permitted by law for liabilities (other than
                    to the Goodman Group’s financing covenants.                           legal costs) incurred in their capacity as a director of GL, the
                                                                                          Responsible Entity or other controlled entities of GL and, in
                    As a consequence of Goodman Group’s strong cash position,
                                                                                          respect of legal costs, for liabilities incurred in defending or
                    the distribution reinvestment plan (DRP) is no longer in
                                                                                          resisting civil or criminal proceedings.
                    operation and the final distribution from GIT will be 11.1 cents
                    per unit. GIT’s total distributions for the year are 23.0 cents per   Goodman Group has insured to the extent permitted by law,
                    unit, with an interim distribution of 11.9 cents per unit paid in     current and former directors and officers of the Responsible
                    February 2016.                                                        Entity in respect of liability and legal expenses incurred in
                                                                                          their capacity as a director or officer. As it is prohibited under
                    In relation to the wider Goodman Group, a dividend of 1.0 cent
                                                                                          the terms of the contract of insurance, the Directors have not
                    per security has been proposed by GLHK.
                                                                                          included details of the nature of the liabilities covered or the
                    Outlook                                                               amount of the premiums paid.
                    The focused and consistent execution of Goodman Group’s               The auditors of the Consolidated Entity are not indemnified by
                    business strategy, has created a strong, globally diversified         the Consolidated Entity or covered in any way by this insurance
                    platform that will sustain earnings growth for future periods         in respect of the audit.
                    and create long-term value for Securityholders, customers and
                    capital partners.
                    In FY17, Goodman Group will continue to target asset rotation
                    opportunities, including urban renewal, to further improve asset
                    and income quality across the portfolios. These proceeds will
                    be used to reduce gearing, giving future financial flexibility
                    to Goodman Group and its partnerships, and also to provide
                    capital for reinvestment into Goodman Group’s development
                    business, which continues to benefit from customer demand
                    for new modern facilities.
                    Further information as to other likely developments in the
                    operations of the Consolidated Entity and the expected results
                    of those operations in future financial years has not been
                    included in this Directors’ report because disclosure of the
                    information would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice
                    to the Consolidated Entity.




                                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                           99
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      CONTINUED



      Fees paid to and interests held by related entities and Directors
      Fees were paid or are payable to GL and its associated entities for services provided during the year. Details of these fees and the
      interests of the Responsible Entity and other related party information are set out in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.
      The relevant interest of each Director in Goodman Group stapled securities as notified by the Directors to the ASX in accordance
      with section 205G(1) of the Corporations Act 2001 at the date of signature of this Directors’ report is as follows:
      		                                                                                                                         Number of




For personal use only
                    Number                                                                                                     performance
      Directors of securities                                                                                                         rights
      Non-Executive
      Mr Ian Ferrier                                                                                              175,912                 –
      Mr Philip Fan                                                                                                72,958                 –
      Mr John Harkness                                                                                             95,897                 –
      Ms Anne Keating                                                                                              64,033                 –
      Ms Rebecca McGrath                                                                                           26,406                 –
      Mr Phillip Pryke                                                                                            114,232                 –
      Mr Jim Sloman                                                                                                88,128                 –
      Executive
      Mr Gregory Goodman                                                                                       37,984,597        4,885,979
      Mr Philip Pearce                                                                                            225,000        1,607,484
      Mr Danny Peeters                                                                                          1,383,895        1,850,310
      Mr Anthony Rozic                                                                                            854,182        2,045,559

      At 30 June 2016, Mr Anthony Rozic and Mr Philip Pearce held 1,000 and 1,646 respectively of the perpetual preferred units
      (Goodman PLUS) issued by Goodman PLUS Trust. None of the other Directors holds any relevant interests in Goodman PLUS.




      100                                           GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Qualifications, experience and special responsibilities              Mr John Harkness – Independent Director
                    of Directors and Company Secretary                                   Chairman of the Audit Committee and Risk and
                    Board of Directors                                                   Compliance Committee
                                                                                         Appointed 1 September 2004; Tenure 11 years, 10 months
                    Mr Ian Ferrier, AM – Independent Chairman
                    Member of the Audit Committee and Remuneration and                   John is a Fellow of Chartered Accountants Australia and New
                    Nomination Committee                                                 Zealand and the Australian Institute of Company Directors. He
                    Appointed 23 February 2005; Tenure 11 years, 4 months                was a partner of KPMG for 24 years and National Executive




For personal use only
                                                                                         Chairman for five years. Since leaving KPMG in June 2000,
                    Ian was appointed Chairman on 28 July 2009 (having been              John has held a number of non-executive director roles. He is
                    Acting Chairman from 28 November 2008). Ian is a Fellow of           currently Chairman of Charter Hall Retail Management Limited
                    Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand and has              (director since August 2003), the management company of
                    in excess of 40 years of experience in company corporate             Charter Hall Retail REIT. He is also Chairman of the Reliance
                    recovery and turnaround practice. Ian is also a director of          Rail group (since 2011). He was formerly a director of Sinclair
                    a number of private and public companies. He is currently            Knight Merz Management Pty Limited (from 2010 to December
                    Chairman of Reckon Limited (director since August 2004) and          2013). John is a member of the Territorial Headquarters
                    a director of EnergyOne Limited (since January 2007). He was         and Sydney Advisory Board of the Salvation Army and the
                    formerly the Chairman of InvoCare Limited (from March 2001 to        Chairman of the National Foundation for Medical Research
                    October 2013) and Australian Vintage Ltd (from March 1991 to         and Innovation.
                    May 2015).
                                                                                         Ms Anne Keating – Independent Director
                    His experience is essentially concerned with understanding the       Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                    financial and other issues confronting company management,           and Risk and Compliance Committee
                    analysing those issues and implementing policies and                 Appointed 6 February 2004; Tenure 12 years, 5 months
                    strategies which lead to success. Ian has significant experience
                    in property and development, tourism, manufacturing,                 Anne has 20 years of experience as a director of public
                    retail, hospitality and hotels, infrastructure and aviation and      companies. She is currently a director of REVA Medical, Inc.
                    service industries.                                                  (since October 2010), GI Dynamics, Inc. (since June 2011) and
                                                                                         The Garvan Institute of Medical Research. Anne is also the
                    Mr Gregory Goodman – Group Chief Executive Officer                   Chairman of Houlihan Lokey Australia Pty Ltd, the Australian
                    Appointed 17 January 1995; Tenure 21 years, 5 months                 arm of the global investment bank, Houlihan Lokey, based in
                    Gregory is responsible for Goodman Group’s overall operations        Los Angeles. Anne was formerly a director of Ardent Leisure
                    and the implementation of its strategic plan. He has over 30         Group (March 1998 to September 2014) and ClearView Wealth
                    years of experience in the property industry with significant        Limited (November 2010 to October 2012) and, prior to that,
                    expertise in the industrial property arena. Gregory was a            of Spencer Street Station Redevelopment Holdings Limited,
                    co-founder of Goodman Group, playing an integral role in             Insurance Australia Group Limited and STW Limited.
                    establishing its specialist global position in the property market   Anne is also a Governor of the Cerebral Palsy Alliance
                    through various corporate transactions, including takeovers,         Research Foundation and was, until May 2012, a trustee for
                    mergers and acquisitions.                                            the Centennial Park and Moore Park Trust. Her last executive
                    He is a director of Goodman (NZ) Limited (the manager of             position was as General Manager, Australia for United Airlines
                    the New Zealand Exchange listed Goodman Property Trust),             for nine years until 2001.
                    and director and/or representative on other subsidiaries,            Ms Rebecca McGrath – Independent Director
                    management companies and partnerships of Goodman Group.              Chairman of the Risk and Compliance Committee and
                    Mr Philip Fan – Independent Director                                 Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                    Member of the Audit Committee and Risk and                           Appointed 3 April 2012; Tenure 4 years, 3 months
                    Compliance Committee                                                 Rebecca is currently a director of Incitec Pivot Limited (since
                    Appointed 1 December 2011; Tenure 4 years, 7 months                  September 2011) and OZ Minerals Limited (since November
                    Philip was formerly an executive director and is now an              2010). Rebecca is also currently a director of CSR Limited
                    independent non-executive director of Hong Kong Stock                (since February 2012) and has announced her retirement from
                    Exchange listed China Everbright International Ltd, a company        that Board. In addition, Rebecca is a director of Barristers’
                    which focuses on the business of environmental protection            Chambers Limited and of Scania Australia Pty Limited.
                    through the development and operation of numerous waste-             Rebecca is also Chairman of Project New Dawn Ltd, a social
                    to-energy and waste water treatment plants in China. Earlier         welfare not for profit. In addition, Rebecca is a director of
                    in his career, he was an executive director of CITIC Pacific         Barristers’ Chambers Limited and of Scania Australia Pty
                    Ltd in charge of industrial projects in China. He is currently       Limited. Rebecca is also Chairman of Project New Dawn Ltd,
                    a director of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange listed Hysan              a social welfare not for profit. During her executive career at
                    Development Co Ltd, China Aircraft Leasing Group Holdings            BP plc she held numerous senior roles in finance, operations,
                    Limited, First Pacific Company Limited and Goulian Securities        corporate planning, project management and marketing in
                    Co. Ltd. He is also a member of the Asia Advisory Committee          Australasia, the UK, and Europe. Her most recent executive
                    of AustralianSuper.                                                  experience was as Chief Financial Officer of BP Australasia.
                    Philip holds a Bachelor’s Degree in Industrial Engineering           Rebecca holds a Bachelors Degree of Town Planning, a
                    and a Master’s Degree in Operations Research from Stanford           Masters of Applied Science (Project Management) and
                    University, as well as a Master’s Degree in Management               is a graduate of the Cambridge University Business and
                    Science from Massachusetts Institute of Technology.                  Environment Program. She is a Fellow of the Australian Institute
                                                                                         of Company Directors.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                   101
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      CONTINUED



      Qualifications, experience and special responsibilities            Mr Anthony Rozic – Deputy Chief Executive Officer
      of Directors and Company Secretary continued                       Appointed 1 January 2013; Tenure 3 year, 6 months
      Mr Philip Pearce – Managing Director, Greater China                Anthony’s responsibilities for Goodman Group include assisting
      Appointed 1 January 2013; Tenure 3 year, 6 months                  in setting and managing strategy, business performance,
      Resigned 12 July 2016                                              corporate transactions and related operational projects with
      Philip was responsible for the strategic development and           direct line management of marketing, information technology
      continued expansion of the Goodman Group’s business in             (IT), human resources, legal, compliance, insurance,




For personal use only
      the Greater China region. He joined Goodman Group in 2002          sustainability and health & safety. Anthony joined Goodman
      and has over 16 years of experience in real estate investment      Group in 2004 and until February 2009, was Group Chief
      in the Asia Pacific region, including four years in Singapore      Financial Officer where his responsibilities also included
      with Ascendas-MGM Funds Management Limited, the                    financial reporting, management reporting, forecasting and
      manager of Ascendas Real Estate Investment Trust. Prior to         budgeting, tax, and capital and financial risk management.
      joining Goodman Group, he was at AMP Henderson Global              Anthony is a qualified Chartered Accountant and has
      Investors in Sydney where he worked in various roles within        over 20 years’ experience in the property industry having
      the AMP Henderson Property Group including valuation, asset        previously held a number of senior roles in the property funds
      management and fund management.                                    management industry and chartered accountancy profession.

      Philip holds a Bachelor of Commerce and Graduate Diploma           Anthony is also a director of the Goodman Group’s subsidiaries
      in Finance and Investment.                                         and was recently responsible for establishing the Goodman
                                                                         Group’s investment into the United States where he continues
      Mr Danny Peeters – Executive Director, Corporate                   to be actively involved operationally.
      Appointed 1 January 2013; Tenure 3 year, 6 months
                                                                         Mr Jim Sloman, OAM – Independent Director
      Danny has oversight of Goodman Group’s European and                Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
      Brazilian operations and strategy. Danny has been with             and Risk and Compliance Committee
      Goodman Group since 2006 and has 17 years of experience in         Appointed 1 February 2006; Tenure 10 years, 5 months
      the property and logistics sectors. Danny is a director and/or
      representative of Goodman Group’s fund management entities,        Jim has over 40 years of experience in the building and
      subsidiaries and partnerships in Europe and Brazil.                construction industries in Australia and overseas, including
                                                                         experience with Sir Robert McAlpine & Sons in London,
      During his career, Danny has built up extensive experience         Lend Lease Corporation in Australia and as Deputy Chief
      in the design, implementation and outsourcing of pan-              Executive and Chief Operating Officer of the Sydney Organising
      European supply chain and real estate strategies for various       Committee for the Olympic Games (SOCOG) from 1997 to
      multinationals. Danny was Chief Executive Officer of Eurinpro,     2001. He was the CEO and a director of MI Associates Pty
      a developer of tailor-made logistic property solutions in Europe   Limited, a company established by him and comprising
      acquired by Goodman Group in May 2006.                             some of the leading members of the former SOCOG senior
      Mr Phillip Pryke – Independent Director                            management team. He advised on major events including
      Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee              the London 2012 Olympic Games and Rio de Janiero 2016
      and Member of the Audit Committee                                  Olympic Games. Jim is currently working as an advisor to the
      Appointed 13 October 2010; Tenure 5 years, 9 months                Qatar 2022 World Cup.

      Phillip is a director of North Ridge Partners Pty Limited and      In addition, Jim is Chairman of Laing O’Rourke Australia Pty
      Tru-Test Corporation Limited. He is also a director of Goodman     Limited and of several of its associated companies and a
      (NZ) Limited, the manager of the New Zealand Exchange              director of SHAPE Holdings Pty Limited and of several of its
      listed Goodman Property Trust. He was formerly the Deputy          associated companies. With his range of experience, Jim
      Chairman and Lead Independent Director of New Zealand              brings significant property, construction and major projects
      Exchange listed Contact Energy Limited.                            expertise to Goodman Group.

      Phillip has wide experience in the fishing, energy, financial      Company Secretary
      services, and health and technology industries and holds a         Mr Carl Bicego – Company Secretary
      Bachelor of Economics Degree.                                      Appointed 24 October 2006
                                                                         Carl is the Company Secretary of the Company and its
                                                                         Australian controlled entities, as well as Legal Counsel –
                                                                         Head of Corporate. He has over 18 years of legal experience
                                                                         in corporate law and joined Goodman Group from law firm
                                                                         Allens in 2006. Carl holds a Master of Laws and Bachelor of
                                                                         Economics/Bachelor of Laws (Hons).




      102                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Rights over Goodman Group stapled securities
                    Details of the performance rights over Goodman Group stapled securities held by the Directors are set out below. None of the
                    Non-Executive Directors held any rights over Goodman Group stapled securities. No rights have been granted since the end of
                    the financial year.
                    Performance rights
                                                        Number of                           Date		                                        		 Financial years




For personal use only
                                                performance rights                  performance  % vested in                  % vested in		               in which
                                                          granted                 rights granted prior years                     the year  % forfeited grant vests
                    Executive Directors
                    Mr Gregory Goodman                    2,000,000                25 Nov 2015                       –                 –              –    2019 – 2021
                                                            995,476                20 Nov 2014                       –                 –              –    2018 – 2020
                                                            947,368                22 Nov 2013                       –                 –              –    2017 – 2019
                                                            927,152                16 Nov 2012                       –              33.3              –    2016 – 2018
                                                            980,000                25 Nov 2011                    33.2              33.2            0.5    2015 – 2017
                                                            730,770                 1 Feb 2011                    66.7              33.3              –    2014 – 2016
                    Mr Philip Pearce                        450,000                25 Nov 2015                       –                 –              –    2019 – 2021
                                                            497,738                20 Nov 2014                       –                 –              –    2018 – 2020
                                                            394,737                22 Nov 2013                       –                 –              –    2017 – 2019
                                                            298,013                16 Nov 2012                       –              33.3              –    2016 – 2018
                                                            200,000                30 Sep 2011                    33.2              33.2            0.5    2015 – 2017
                                                            153,847                 1 Feb 2011                    66.7              33.3              –    2014 – 2016
                    Mr Danny Peeters                        450,000                25 Nov 2015                       –                 –              –    2019 – 2021
                                                            497,738                20 Nov 2014                       –                 –              –    2018 – 2020
                                                            421,053                22 Nov 2013                       –                 –              –    2017 – 2019
                                                            463,576                12 Oct 2012                       –              33.3              –    2016 – 2018
                                                            520,000                30 Sep 2011                    33.2              33.2            0.5    2015 – 2017
                                                            480,000                 1 Feb 2011                    66.7              33.3              –    2014 – 2016
                    Mr Anthony Rozic                        600,000                25 Nov 2015                       –                 –              –    2019 – 2021
                                                            542,987                20 Nov 2014                       –                 –              –    2018 – 2020
                                                            421,053                22 Nov 2013                       –                 –              –    2017 – 2019
                                                            463,576                12 Oct 2012                       –              33.3              –    2016 – 2018
                                                            520,000                30 Sep 2011                    33.2              33.2            0.5    2015 – 2017
                                                            480,000                 1 Feb 2011                    66.7              33.3              –    2014 – 2016

                    Unissued securities under option
                    Unissued securities under option include the performance rights awarded to employees of Goodman Group under the Long Term
                    Incentive Plan (LTIP).
                    At the date of signature of this Directors’ report, performance rights issued to employees under the LTIP and the applicable
                    relative total securityholder return (TSR) or earnings per security (EPS) performance hurdles were:
                                                                                        Exercise          Number of
                                                                                           price        performance
                    Expiry date                                                                $              rights1                               Performance hurdles2
                    Sep 2020                                                                     –        18,533,748          Relative TSR (25%) and operating EPS (75%)
                    Sep 2019                                                                     –        13,992,326          Relative TSR (25%) and operating EPS (75%)
                    Sep 2018                                                                     –        12,168,111          Relative TSR (25%) and operating EPS (75%)
                    Sep 2017                                                                     –         7,537,154          Relative TSR (25%) and operating EPS (75%)
                    Sep 2016                                                                     –         3,369,683          Relative TSR (25%) and operating EPS (75%)
                  1. The number of performance rights at the date of this Directors’ report is net of any rights forfeited.
                  2. Performance hurdles are based on the results of Goodman Group.




                                                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                        103
      DIRECTORS’ REPORT
      CONTINUED



      Events subsequent to balance date                                   The Directors’ report is made in accordance with a resolution
      In the opinion of the Directors, there were no events               of the Directors.
      subsequent to balance date, and up to the date of signature
      of this Directors’ report, that would require adjustment or
      disclosure in the consolidated financial report.
      Declaration by Group Chief Executive Officer and
      Chief Financial Officer




For personal use only
      The Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
      declared in writing to the Board of the Responsible Entity          Ian Ferrier, AM                  Gregory Goodman
      that, in their opinion, the financial records of the Consolidated   Independent Chairman             Group Chief Executive Officer
      Entity for the year ended 30 June 2016 have been properly
      maintained and the financial report of the Consolidated Entity      Sydney, 11 August 2016
      for the year ended 30 June 2016 complies with accounting
      standards and presents a true and fair view of the Consolidated
      Entity’s financial condition and operational results. This
      statement is required annually.
      Lead auditor’s independence declaration under section
      307C of the Corporations Act 2001
      The lead auditor’s independence declaration is set out on
      page 105 and forms part of this Directors’ report for the year.
      Rounding
      The Consolidated Entity is an entity of a kind referred to
      in Australian Securities & Investments Commission (ASIC)
      Corporations (Rounding in Financial/ Directors’ Reports)
      Instrument 2016/191, dated 24 March 2016. In accordance
      with that Instrument, amounts in this Directors’ report and the
      consolidated financial report have been rounded to the nearest
      hundred thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.




      104                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    LEAD AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION



                    Lead auditor’s independence declaration under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
                    To: the directors of Goodman Funds Management Limited, as responsible entity for Goodman Industrial Trust
                    I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audit for the financial year ended 30 June 2016, there
                    have been:




For personal use only
                    (i)	no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the
                         audit; and
                    (ii) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.




                    KPMG




                    John Teer
                    Partner
                    Sydney, 11 August 2016




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                     105
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
      AS AT 30 JUNE 2016



              Consolidated
      		 2016              2015
        Note $M             $M
      Current assets
      Cash                                              14(a)                                                  1,183.6       602.4
      Receivables                                          6                                                   3,016.0     3,326.7
      Inventories                                        5(b)                                                     22.2         9.0




For personal use only
      Other financial assets                              10                                                         –         4.4
      Other assets		                                                                                               5.8         5.4
      Total current assets		                                                                                   4,227.6     3,947.9
      Non-current assets
      Receivables                                          6                                                      10.0        12.0
      Inventories                                        5(b)                                                     94.6       125.5
      Investment properties                              5(b)                                                  2,079.5     2,126.7
      Investments accounted for using the equity method  5(b)                                                  3,893.3     3,166.5
      Other financial assets                              10                                                     348.0       244.5
      Total non-current assets		                                                                               6,425.4     5,675.2
      Total assets		                                                                                          10,653.0     9,623.1
      Current liabilities
      Deferred income		                                                                                              0.4       0.5
      Payables                                             7                                                       327.9     148.4
      Provision for distributions                         12                                                       197.4     194.6
      Other financial liabilities                         10                                                         0.1      50.5
      Total current liabilities		                                                                                  525.8     394.0
      Non-current liabilities
      Payables                                             7                                                      60.0        82.7
      Interest bearing liabilities                         9                                                   2,584.3     2,604.8
      Deferred tax liabilities                             4                                                      19.2           –
      Other financial liabilities                         10                                                     274.3       347.3
      Total non-current liabilities		                                                                          2,937.8     3,034.8
      Total liabilities		                                                                                      3,463.6     3,428.8
      Net assets		                                                                                             7,189.4     6,194.3
      Equity
      Issued capital                                      13                                                   7,249.7      7,131.4
      Reserves                                            15                                                      (68.1)      252.0
      Accumulated losses                                  16                                                    (318.0)    (1,514.9)
      Total equity attributable to Unitholders		                                                               6,863.6      5,868.5
      Non-controlling interests                           17                                                     325.8        325.8
      Total equity		                                                                                           7,189.4      6,194.3

      The consolidated statement of financial position is to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




      106                                          GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016



                            Consolidated
                    		 2016              2015
                      Note $M             $M
                    Revenue and other income
                    Gross property income		                                              146.4      160.6
                    Income from disposal of inventories		                                    1.2          –
                    Net gain from fair value adjustments on investment properties 5(e)   317.4      381.8




For personal use only
                    Net gain on disposal of investment properties                   2      36.4         6.7
                    Net gain on disposal of controlled entities                     2        2.1      32.1
                    Share of net results of equity accounted investments            2    699.6      422.8
                    Net gain on disposal of equity investments                      2      27.2           –
                    Other income		                                                           0.9        2.5
                    		                                                                 1,231.2    1,006.5
                    Property and other expenses
                    Property expenses		                                                   (48.7)     (47.6)
                    Inventory cost of sales		                                               (1.2)         –
                    Trust expenses		                                                      (38.9)     (20.9)
                    Impairment reversals/(losses)                                   2    186.6         (7.6)
                    Other expenses		                                                        (2.3)      (2.4)
                    		                                                                     95.5     (78.5)
                    Profit before interest and tax		                                   1,326.7      928.0
                    Net finance income/(expense)
                    Finance income                                                  8    335.6      266.2
                    Finance expense                                                 8   (185.8)    (267.8)
                    Net finance income/(expense)		                                       149.8        (1.6)
                    Profit before income tax		                                         1,476.5      926.4
                    Income tax expense                                              4     (21.6)       (1.9)
                    Profit for the year		                                              1,454.9      924.5
                    Profit attributable to Unitholders		                               1,434.8      903.3
                    Profit attributable to non-controlling interests		                     20.1       21.2
                    Profit for the year		                                              1,454.9      924.5

                    The consolidated income statement is to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                               GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                   107
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016



              Consolidated
      		 2016              2015
        Note $M             $M
      Profit for the year		                                         1,454.9     924.5
      Other comprehensive income for the year
      Items that are or may be reclassified to profit or loss
      Increase due to revaluation of other financial assets   15(a)      6.6      2.1




For personal use only
      Cash flow hedges:
      – Change in value of financial instruments              15(b)     (0.9)     0.8
      – Transfers from cash flow hedge reserve                15(b)        –      4.1
      Effect of foreign currency translation                    15   (171.9)    259.1
      Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax		          (166.2)    266.1
      Total comprehensive income for the year		                     1,288.7   1,190.6
      Total comprehensive income attributable to:
      Unitholders		                                                 1,268.6   1,169.4
      Non-controlling interests		                                      20.1      21.2
      Total comprehensive income for the year		                     1,288.7   1,190.6

      The consolidated statement of comprehensive income is to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




      108                                        GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016



                    Year ended 30 June 2015
                    Consolidated                                                           Attributable to Unitholders
                                                                                                           Accumu-                   Non-
                                                                                     Issued                    lated            controlling      Total
                                                                                     capital Reserves        losses        Total interests      equity
                                                                             Note        $M          $M          $M          $M         $M         $M
                    Balance at 1 July 2014                                          7,025.2     (1,154.4)    (897.3)     4,973.5     325.8     5,299.3




For personal use only
                    Total comprehensive income for the year
                    Profit for the year                                        16          –          –        903.3       903.3      21.2       924.5
                    Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                    –      266.1            –       266.1         –       266.1
                    Total comprehensive income for the year                                –      266.1        903.3     1,169.4      21.2     1,190.6
                    Transfers                                                              –    1,132.6     (1,132.6)          –         –           –
                    Contributions by and distributions to owners
                    Issue costs due to ordinary units                                   (0.1)          –           –         (0.1)        –         (0.1)
                    Distributions declared on ordinary units                   12          –           –      (388.3)     (388.3)         –     (388.3)
                    Distributions paid on Goodman PLUS                         17          –           –           –            –     (21.2)      (21.2)
                    Issue of ordinary units under the Goodman Group DRP                68.3            –           –        68.3          –        68.3
                    Issue of ordinary units under the Goodman Group LTIP               38.0            –           –        38.0          –        38.0
                    Equity settled share based payments transaction
                    relating to Goodman Group                                             –         7.7            –         7.7         –         7.7
                    Balance at 30 June 2015                                         7,131.4       252.0     (1,514.9)    5,868.5     325.8     6,194.3


                    Year ended 30 June 2016
                    Consolidated                                                           Attributable to Unitholders
                                                                                                           Accumu-                   Non-
                                                                                     Issued                    lated            controlling      Total
                                                                                     capital Reserves        losses        Total interests      equity
                                                                             Note        $M          $M          $M          $M         $M         $M
                    Balance at 1 July 2015                                          7,131.4       252.0     (1,514.9)    5,868.5     325.8     6,194.3
                    Total comprehensive income for the year
                    Profit for the year                                        16          –          –     1,434.8      1,434.8      20.1     1,454.9
                    Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                    –     (166.2)          –       (166.2)        –      (166.2)
                    Total comprehensive income for the year                                –     (166.2)    1,434.8      1,268.6      20.1     1,288.7
                    Transfers                                                              –     (170.1)      170.1            –         –           –
                    Contributions by and distributions to owners
                    Distributions declared on ordinary units                   12         –            –      (408.0)     (408.0)         –     (408.0)
                    Distributions paid on Goodman PLUS                         17         –            –           –           –      (20.1)      (20.1)
                    Issue of ordinary units under the Goodman Group DRP                71.7            –           –        71.7          –        71.7
                    Issue of ordinary units under the Goodman Group LTIP               46.6            –           –        46.6          –        46.6
                    Equity settled share based payments transaction
                    relating to Goodman Group                                             –         16.2          –         16.2         –        16.2
                    Balance at 30 June 2016                                         7,249.7        (68.1)    (318.0)     6,863.6     325.8     7,189.4

                    The consolidated statement of changes in equity is to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                    109
      CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016



              Consolidated
      		 2016              2015
        Note $M             $M
      Cash flows from operating activities
      Property income received		                                                                         158.9       163.5
      Proceeds from disposal of inventories		                                                              81.8            –
      Other cash receipts from services provided		                                                           0.1         0.4




For personal use only
      Property expenses paid		                                                                            (47.2)      (47.8)
      Payments for inventories		                                                                          (59.0)      (74.3)
      Other cash payments in the course of operations		                                                   (42.9)      (23.9)
      Dividends/distributions received from equity accounted investments		                               205.1       228.0
      Interest received		                                                                                    7.2       13.4
      Finance costs paid		                                                                              (258.0)     (116.0)
      Net income taxes paid		                                                                               (1.5)       (3.6)
      Net cash provided by operating activities                           14(b)                            44.5      139.7
      Cash flows from investing activities
      Proceeds from disposal of investment properties		                                                  408.2         50.8
      Proceeds from disposal of equity investments		                                                       92.5           –
      Net cash movement on disposal of controlled entities		                                                1.7      230.6
      Payments for investment properties		                                                                (69.1)      (33.4)
      Payments for equity investments		                                                                 (278.6)     (145.5)
      Net cash provided by investing activities		                                                        154.7       102.5
      Cash flows from financing activities
      Transaction costs from issue of units		                                                                –         (0.1)
      Proceeds from borrowings		                                                                         184.8       358.9
      Repayments of borrowings		                                                                        (255.6)     (279.0)
      Loans to related parties		                                                                         782.6       356.8
      Distributions paid		                                                                              (329.8)     (304.3)
      Net cash provided by financing activities		                                                        382.0       132.3
      Net increase in cash held		                                                                        581.2       374.5
      Cash at the beginning of the year		                                                                602.4       227.9
      Cash at the end of the year                                         14(a)                        1,183.6       602.4

      The consolidated cash flow statement is to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
      Non-cash transactions are included in note 14(c).




      110                                          GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                    Basis of preparation                                                (c) Foreign currency translation
                    1. Basis of preparation                                             Functional and presentation currency
                    Goodman Industrial Trust was established in Australia. The          Items included in the financial statements of each of the Trust’s
                    consolidated financial report of GIT for the year ended 30 June     controlled entities are measured using the currency of the
                    2016 comprises GIT and its controlled entities (Consolidated        primary economic environment in which the entity operates
                    Entity) and the Consolidated Entity’s interest in associates and    (functional currency). The consolidated financial report of GIT
                    joint ventures (JVs).                                               is presented in Australian dollars, which is the Trust’s functional




For personal use only
                                                                                        and presentation currency.
                    The stapling of GIT, GL and GLHK was implemented on
                    22 August 2012. Following approval of the stapling, units in        Transactions
                    GIT, shares in GL and CHESS Depositary Interests (CDIs) over        Foreign currency transactions are translated to each entity’s
                    shares in GLHK were stapled to one another and are quoted           functional currency at rates approximating the foreign
                    as a single security on the ASX. Goodman Funds Management           exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Amounts
                    Limited (the responsible entity of GIT), GL and GLHK must at all    receivable and payable in foreign currencies at the reporting
                    times act in the best interests of the stapled entity.              date are translated at the rates of exchange ruling on that date.
                    (a) Statement of compliance                                         Resulting exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss.
                    This consolidated financial report is a general purpose             Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in
                    financial report which has been prepared in accordance              terms of historical cost are translated at rates of exchange
                    with Australian Accounting Standards (including Australian          ruling at the date of the initial transaction. Non-monetary items
                    Accounting Interpretations) adopted by the Australian               which are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are
                    Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and the Corporations              translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair
                    Act 2001. International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)        value was determined.
                    form the basis of Australian Accounting Standards adopted
                    by the AASB. The consolidated financial report also complies        Translation of controlled foreign operations
                    with IFRS.                                                          The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated
                                                                                        into Australian dollars at foreign exchange rates ruling at the
                    The consolidated financial report is presented in Australian        balance date.
                    dollars and was authorised for issue by the directors (Directors)
                    of Goodman Funds Management Limited on 11 August 2016.              Revenue and expenses are translated at weighted average
                                                                                        rates for the financial year. Exchange differences arising on
                    (b) Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial              translation are taken directly to the foreign currency translation
                    report                                                              reserve. On cessation of operations in a foreign region, the
                    The consolidated financial report is prepared on the historical     cumulative exchange differences relating to the operations in
                    cost basis except that the following assets and liabilities are     that region, that have been included in the foreign currency
                    stated at fair value:                                               translation reserve, are reclassified to profit or loss.
                    + investment properties;                                            Exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part
                    + derivative financial instruments; and                             of the net investment in a foreign operation are recognised in
                    + financial instruments classified as available for sale.           the foreign currency translation reserve on consolidation.




                                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                      111
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Basis of preparation continued
      1. Basis of preparation continued
      (c) Foreign currency translation continued
      Exchange rates used
      The following exchange rates are the main exchange rates used in translating foreign currency transactions, balances and
      financial statements to Australian dollars:




For personal use only
                                                                                      Weighted average                      As at 30 June
      Australian dollar (AUD) to                                                     2016           2015                 2016            2015
      New Zealand dollars (NZD)                                                   1.0903            1.0755            1.0456            1.1381
      Hong Kong dollars (HKD)                                                     5.6530            6.4869            5.7786            5.9739
      Japanese yen (JPY)                                                         84.9874           95.5310           76.8420           94.1320
      Euros (EUR)                                                                 0.6565            0.6959            0.6725            0.6910
      British pounds sterling (GBP)                                               0.4919            0.5304            0.5613            0.4903
      United States dollars (USD)                                                 0.7285            0.8366            0.7447            0.7708

      (d) Income tax                                                       (g) Rounding
      Under current Australian income tax legislation, GIT is not liable   In accordance with ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/
      for income tax provided that each year the taxable income            Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, dated 24 March 2016,
      and any taxable capital gain derived from the sale of an asset       the amounts shown in the consolidated financial report have
      are fully distributed to Unitholders. The wholly-owned entities      been rounded to the nearest hundred thousand dollars, unless
      of GIT that operate in certain foreign jurisdictions are liable to   otherwise stated.
      pay tax in those jurisdictions.
                                                                           (h) Critical accounting estimates used in the preparation
      Tax allowances for building and plant and equipment                  of the consolidated financial statements
      depreciation are distributed to Unitholders in the form of tax       The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires
      deferred components of distributions. Any taxable capital gains      estimates and assumptions concerning the application
      are distributed.                                                     of accounting policies and the future to be made by the
      (e) Changes in accounting policy                                     Consolidated Entity. Estimates are continually evaluated and
                                                                           are based on historical experience and other factors, including
      The AASB has issued new standards and amendments to                  expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable
      standards that are first effective for the current accounting        under the circumstances.
      period of the Consolidated Entity. There are no significant
      changes in accounting policies for the current financial year.       The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk
                                                                           of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
      (f) Australian Accounting Standards issued but                       assets and liabilities within the next financial year can be found
      not yet effective                                                    in the following notes:
      As at the date of this consolidated financial report, the
      following Australian Accounting Standards were available for         + Note 5 – Property assets; and
      early adoption but have not been applied in preparing these          + Note 11 – Financial risk management.
      financial statements:                                                The accounting impacts of revisions to estimates are
      + revisions to AASB 9 Financial Instruments include                  recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and
        requirements for the classification and measurement                in any future periods affected.
        of financial assets and replace AASB 139 Financial                 Measurement of fair values
        Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. The
        revised AASB 9 Financial Instruments will become                   A number of the Consolidated Entity’s accounting policies and
        mandatory for the Consolidated Entity’s 30 June 2019               disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both
        financial statements. The new standard is not expected             financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.
        to have a material impact on the Consolidated Entity’s             When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the
        financial statements;                                              Consolidated Entity uses market observable data as far as
      + AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers                      possible. Fair values are categorised into different levels in
        provides a single revenue recognition model based on               a fair value hierarchy and have been defined as follows:
        the transfer of goods and services and the consideration
        expected to be received in return for that transfer. The           + Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
        new standard will become mandatory for the Consolidated              for identical assets or liabilities;
        Entity’s 30 June 2019 financial statements. Based on the           + Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within
        Consolidated Entity’s existing contractual arrangements,             Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
        the new standard is not expected to have a material impact           directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from
        on the Consolidated Entity’s financial statements; and               prices); and
      + AASB 16 Leases introduces a single lessee accounting               + Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based
        model and requires a lessee to recognise assets and                  on observable market data (unobservable inputs).
        liabilities for all leases with a term of more than 12 months,     Further information about the assumptions made in measuring
        unless the underlying asset is of low value. A lessee is           fair values is included in the following notes:
        required to recognise a right of use asset representing its
        right to use the underlying leased asset and a lease liability     + Note 5 – Property assets; and
        representing its obligations to make lease payments. The           + Note 11 – Financial risk management.
        new standard will become mandatory for the Consolidated
        Entity’s 30 June 2020 financial statements. The new
        standard is not expected to have a material impact on the
        Consolidated Entity’s financial statements.

      112                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Results for the year
                    2. Profit before income tax
                    Gross property income
                    Gross property income comprises rental income entitlements under operating leases, net of incentives provided, plus
                    recoverable outgoings.
                    Rental income entitlements under operating leases are recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease contract.




For personal use only
                    Where operating lease rental income is recognised relating to fixed increases in rentals in future years, an asset is recognised. This
                    asset is a component of the relevant investment property carrying amount. The cost of lease incentives provided to customers is
                    recognised on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease as a reduction of gross property income.
                    Recoverable outgoings are recognised as income when the relevant outgoings are recorded as an expense.
                    Disposal of inventories
                    The disposal of inventories is recognised when the significant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred. The gain or
                    loss on disposal of inventories is calculated as the difference between the carrying amount of the asset at the time of disposal
                    and the proceeds on disposal (less transaction costs and any provision for future rental guarantees) and is included in the income
                    statement in the period of disposal.
                    Disposal of investment properties
                    The disposal of an investment property is recognised when the significant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred.
                    The gain or loss on disposal of investment properties is calculated as the difference between the carrying amount of the property
                    at the time of the disposal and the proceeds on disposal (less transaction costs and any provision for future rental guarantees) and
                    is included in the income statement in the period of disposal. Any previously unrealised valuation gains or losses are transferred
                    from the asset revaluation reserve to accumulated losses/retained earnings.
                    Profit before income tax has been arrived at after crediting/(charging) the following items:
                            Consolidated
                    		 2016              2015
                      Note $M             $M
                    Disposal of investment properties
                    Net consideration from disposal of investment properties		                                   411.3      53.5
                    Carrying value of investment properties disposed – refer to note 5(e)                5(e)   (374.9)    (46.8)
                    Net gain on disposal of investment properties		                                               36.4        6.7
                    Disposal of controlled entities
                    Net consideration received and receivable from the disposal of controlled entities    18        6.3   225.1
                    Carrying value of net assets disposed                                                 18       (4.2) (193.0)
                    Net gain on disposal of controlled entities		                                                   2.1     32.1
                    Equity accounted investments
                    Share of net results of investments in associates
                    – Operating results after tax (before revaluations)                                5(f)(i)   205.4    204.6
                    – Fair value adjustments on investment properties                                  5(f)(i)   383.9    145.9
                    – Fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                       5(f)(i)      6.5       9.4
                    Share of net results of investments in JVs
                    – Operating results after tax (before revaluations)                                5(f)(ii)   39.0      34.4
                    – Fair value adjustments on investment properties                                  5(f)(ii)   66.1      29.0
                    – Fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                       5(f)(ii)    (1.3)     (0.5)
                    Share of net results of equity accounted investments		                                       699.6    422.8
                    Disposal of equity investments
                    Net consideration from disposal of associates and JVs		                                      135.8          –
                    Carrying value of associates and JVs disposed		                                             (108.6)         –
                    Net gain on disposal of equity investments		                                                  27.2          –
                    Impairment reversals/(losses)
                    Net reversal of impairment of receivables1		                                                 191.6          –
                    Impairment of inventories		                                                                    (5.0)     (7.6)
                    Impairment reversals/(losses)		                                                              186.6      (7.6)
                  1. During the current financial year, the Consolidated Entity recognised an impairment loss of $10.7 million on loans to controlled entities of GLHK and
                     reversed previous impairment losses of $202.3 million recognised on loans to GL.




                                                                          GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                   113
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Results for the year continued
      3. Segment reporting
      The Consolidated Entity reports the results and financial position of its operating segments based on the internal reports regularly
      reviewed by the Group Chief Executive Officer in order to assess each segment’s performance and to allocate resources to them.
      An operating segment is a component of the Consolidated Entity that engages in business activities from which it may earn
      revenues and incur expenses. All operating segments’ operating results are regularly reviewed by the Group Chief Executive




For personal use only
      Officer to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which discrete
      financial information is available.
      Segment results that are reported to the Group Chief Executive Officer include items that are directly attributable to a segment
      and the portion that can be allocated to the segment on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items include fair value adjustments and
      impairments, interest and tax expense, interest bearing receivables and payables, derivative financial instruments, provisions for
      distributions to Unitholders, provisions for distributions on hybrid securities, corporate assets, head office expenses and income
      tax assets and liabilities.
      The Consolidated Entity is based in Australia and has divisions in Australia, New Zealand, Asia, Continental Europe, the United
      Kingdom and North America.
      The activities and services undertaken by the divisions are direct and indirect ownership of investment properties. Information
      regarding the operations of each reportable segment is included on the following page.
      Information about reportable segments
                                        Australia and 		                   Continental		                          North
                                        New Zealand         Asia             Europe    United Kingdom           America           Total
                                        2016     2015  2016     2015      2016    2015  2016     2015         2016    2015    2016     2015
      Income statement                   $M        $M   $M       $M        $M      $M    $M       $M           $M       $M     $M       $M
      External revenues
      Gross property income           141.2     151.9        –       –        –       –      5.2      8.7        –       –   146.4   160.6
      Income from disposal
      of inventories                    1.2         –        –       –        –       –        –        –        –       –     1.2       –
      Other income                      0.8       2.3        –       –      0.1     0.2        –        –        –       –     0.9     2.5
      Total external revenues         143.2     154.2        –       –      0.1     0.2      5.2      8.7        –       –   148.5   163.1
      Reportable segment
      profit/(loss) before tax        296.4     268.6    55.7     22.9    44.9     37.5      5.2     52.1     25.6     8.5   427.8   389.6
      Share of net results of
      equity accounted investments
      Operating results (excluding
      fair value adjustments)         145.4     156.8    55.6     22.9    36.3     37.4      1.1     13.4      6.0     8.5   244.4   239.0
      Fair value adjustments –
      not included in reportable
      segment profit/(loss)           251.6     102.5   126.7     60.7    20.7     19.1        –      1.5     56.2       –   455.2   183.8
      Other material non-cash items
      not included in reportable segment
      profit/(loss) before tax
      Net gain/(loss) from fair value
      adjustments on investment
      properties                      321.1     390.4        –       –        –       –     (3.7)    (8.6)       –       –   317.4   381.8
                                        2016     2015    2016     2015    2016     2015    2016      2015     2016    2015    2016      2015
      Statement of financial position    $M       $M      $M       $M      $M       $M      $M        $M       $M      $M      $M        $M
      Reportable segment assets 4,259.7 4,149.5         756.8    576.8   474.4    480.2   121.1     115.1    566.4   243.1 6,178.4 5,564.7
      Included in reportable
      segments assets are:
      Investment properties        2,053.1 2,094.6           –       –        –       –    26.4      32.1        –       – 2,079.5 2,126.7
      Investments accounted
      for using the equity method 2,102.3 1,864.4       755.0    575.0   456.1    469.6   13.5       14.5    566.4   243.0 3,893.3 3,166.5
      Reportable segment liabilities 91.4 124.2             –        –       –     (0.7) 200.5        9.7     20.6     0.1 312.5 133.3




      114                                           GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Results for the year continued
                    3. Segment reporting continued
                    Reconciliation of reportable segment revenues, profit or loss, assets and liabilities
                                                                                                                                      2016             2015
                                                                                                                                       $M               $M
                    Revenues
                    Total revenue for reportable segments                                                                            148.5            163.1




For personal use only
                    Consolidated revenues                                                                                            148.5            163.1
                    Profit or loss
                    Total profit before tax for reportable segments                                                                  427.8            389.6
                    Corporate expenses not allocated to reportable segments                                                           (38.9)           (20.0)
                    Operating profit before net interest and income tax expense                                                      388.9            369.6
                    Valuation adjustments not included in reportable segment profit before tax
                    – Net gain from fair value adjustments on investment properties                                                  317.4            381.8
                    – Impairment reversals/(losses)                                                                                  186.6              (7.6)
                    – Fair value adjustments relating to associates and JVs                                                          455.2            183.8
                    Other non-cash items not included in reportable segment profit before tax                                         (21.4)             0.4
                    Net finance income/(expense) – refer to note 8                                                                   149.8              (1.6)
                    Consolidated profit before income tax                                                                          1,476.5            926.4
                    Assets
                    Assets for reportable segments                                                                                6,178.4           5,564.7
                    Unallocated amounts: loans to GL, GLHK and their controlled entities                                          3,013.9           3,222.2
                    Other unallocated amounts                                                                                     1,460.7             836.2
                    Consolidated total assets                                                                                    10,653.0           9,623.1
                    Liabilities
                    Liabilities for reportable segments                                                                              312.5            133.3
                    Unallocated amounts: interest bearing liabilities                                                              2,584.3          2,604.8
                    Other unallocated amounts                                                                                        566.8            690.7
                    Consolidated total liabilities                                                                                 3,463.6          3,428.8

                    4. Income tax                                                         Operating assets and liabilities
                    Under current Australian income tax legislation, GIT is not liable    5. Property assets
                    for income tax provided that each year the taxable income and         (a) Types of property assets
                    any taxable capital gain derived from the sale of an asset are
                    fully distributed to Unitholders. The controlled entities of GIT      The Consolidated Entity’s investment in property assets
                    that operate in certain foreign jurisdictions are liable to pay tax   includes both inventories and investment properties, which may
                    in those jurisdictions.                                               be held either directly or through its investments in partnerships
                                                                                          (both associates and JVs).
                    During the current year, a controlled entity of GIT recognised
                    a deferred tax liability of $19.2 million (2015: $nil) through        Inventories
                    the income statement arising from its share of fair value             Inventories relate to land and property developments that
                    gains on investment properties owned by Goodman North                 are held for sale or development and sale in the normal
                    America Partnership.                                                  course of the Consolidated Entity’s business. Where property
                                                                                          developments are forecast to be completed and sold more
                                                                                          than 12 months after the balance date, then the inventories
                                                                                          are classified as non-current.
                                                                                          Work in progress in relation to land subdivision and
                                                                                          development projects includes the costs of acquisition,
                                                                                          planning, management and development and holding costs
                                                                                          such as interest and taxes. Work in progress is carried at the
                                                                                          lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is
                                                                                          the estimated selling price in the normal course of business,
                                                                                          less the estimated costs of completion and selling expenses.
                                                                                          Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net realisable
                                                                                          value. The calculation of net realisable value requires
                                                                                          estimates and assumptions which are continually evaluated
                                                                                          and are based on historical experience and expectations
                                                                                          of future events that are believed to be reasonable under
                                                                                          the circumstances.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                        115
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Operating assets and liabilities continued                           (b) Summary of the Consolidated Entity’s investment
      5. Property assets continued                                         in property assets
      (a) Types of property assets continued                                      Consolidated
                                                                           		2016             2015
      Investment properties                                                 Note $M            $M
      Investment properties comprise investment interests in land          Inventories
      and buildings held for the purpose of leasing to produce rental      Current                          5(d)      22.2     9.0




For personal use only
      income and/or for capital appreciation. Investment properties        Non-current                      5(d)      94.6   125.5
      are carried at fair value. The calculation of fair value requires
      estimates and assumptions which are continually evaluated            		                                        116.8   134.5
      and are based on historical experience and expectations of           Investment properties
      future events that are believed to be reasonable under the           Stabilised investment properties		 2,061.0      2,052.2
      circumstances. Investment properties are not depreciated             Investment properties
      as they are subject to continual maintenance and regularly           under development		                        18.5    74.5
      revalued on the basis described below.                                                                5(e) 2,079.5   2,126.7
      Components of investment properties                                  Investments accounted
      Land and buildings (including integral plant and equipment)          for using the equity method
      comprising investment properties are regarded as composite           Associates                      5(f)(i) 2,947.4 2,495.0
      assets and are disclosed as such in the consolidated                 JVs                            5(f)(ii)   945.9   671.5
      financial report.                                                    		                                      3,893.3 3,166.5
      Investment property carrying values include the costs of             Total property assets		 6,089.6                 5,427.7
      acquiring the properties and subsequent costs of development,
      including costs of all materials used in construction, costs         (c) Estimates and assumptions in determining property
      of managing the project, holding costs and borrowing costs           carrying values
      incurred during the development period.                              Inventories
      Amounts provided to customers as lease incentives and assets         For both inventories held directly and inventories held in
      relating to fixed rental income increases in operating lease         partnerships, external valuations are not performed but
      contracts are included within investment property values.            instead valuations are determined using the feasibility studies
      Lease incentives are amortised over the term of the lease on         supporting the land and property developments. The end
      a straight-line basis.                                               values of the developments in the feasibility studies are based
                                                                           on assumptions such as capitalisation rates, letting up periods
      Direct expenditure associated with leasing a property is also        and incentives that are consistent with those observed in
      capitalised within investment property values and amortised          the relevant market. Where the feasibility study calculations
      over the term of the lease.                                          indicate that the forecast cost of a completed development
      Stabilised investment properties                                     will exceed the net realisable value, then the inventories
                                                                           are impaired.
      Stabilised investment properties are completed investment
      properties that are capable of earning rental income. An             Investment properties
      independent valuation of stabilised investment properties            Stabilised investment properties
      is obtained at least every three years to use as a basis for
      measuring the fair value of the properties.                          Stabilised investment properties refer to investment properties
                                                                           which are not under development. The fair value of stabilised
      At each balance date occurring between obtaining independent         investment properties is based on current prices in an active
      valuations, the Directors review the carrying value of the           market for similar properties in the same location and condition
      Consolidated Entity’s investment properties to be satisfied          and subject to similar lease and other contracts. The current
      that, in their opinion, the carrying value of the investment         price is the estimated amount for which a property could
      properties reflects the fair value of the investment properties at   be exchanged between a willing buyer and a willing seller in
      that date. Changes in fair value are recognised directly in the      an arm’s length transaction after proper marketing wherein
      income statement.                                                    the parties had each acted knowledgably, prudently and
                                                                           without compulsion.
      Investment properties under development
      Investment properties under development include land,                Approach to determination of fair value
      new investment properties in the course of construction and          The approach to determination of fair value of investment
      investment properties that are being redeveloped. Property           properties is applied to both investment properties held directly
      under development for future use as an investment property           and investment properties held in associates and JVs.
      is measured at fair value.
                                                                           Valuations are determined based on assessments and
      Deposits for investment properties                                   estimates of uncertain future events, including upturns and
      Deposits and other costs associated with acquiring investment        downturns in property markets and availability of similar
      properties that are incurred prior to the Consolidated Entity        properties, vacancy rates, market rents and capitalisation
      obtaining legal title are recorded at cost and disclosed as other    and discount rates. Recent and relevant sales evidence and
      assets in the statement of financial position.                       other market data are taken into account. Valuations are
                                                                           either based on an external, independent valuation or on
                                                                           an internal valuation.




      116                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating assets and liabilities continued                                 During the current financial year, the fair values of 98% (2015:
                    5. Property assets continued                                               94%) of these stabilised investment properties held directly by
                                                                                               the Consolidated Entity (by reference to carrying value) were
                    (c) Estimates and assumptions in determining property                      determined based on a valuation by an independent valuer
                    carrying values continued                                                  who held a recognised and relevant professional qualification
                    External valuations are undertaken only where market                       and had recent experience in the location and category of the
                    segments were observed to be active. In making the                         investment property being valued.
                    determination of whether a market segment is active,




For personal use only
                    the following characteristics are considered:                              For partnerships, typically 100% of the stabilised investment
                                                                                               property portfolios are valued by an independent valuer in each
                    + function of the asset (distribution/warehouse or                         financial year.
                      suburban office);
                    + location of asset (city, suburb or regional area);                       Investment properties under development
                    + carrying value of the asset (categorised by likely appeal                External valuations are generally not performed for investment
                      to private (including syndicates), national and institutional            properties under development held directly by the Consolidated
                      investors); and                                                          Entity, but instead valuations are determined using the
                    + categorisation as primary or secondary based on a                        feasibility studies supporting the developments. The end
                      combination of location, weighted average lease expiry,                  values of the developments in the feasibility studies are based
                      quality of tenant covenant (internal assessment based on                 on assumptions to determine capitalisation rates, letting up
                      available market evidence) and age of construction.                      periods and incentives that are consistent with those observed
                                                                                               in the relevant market adjusted for a profit and risk factor. This
                    Each property asset is assessed and grouped with assets                    profit and risk factor is dependent on the function, location and
                    in the same or similar market segments. Information on all                 size of the development and is generally in a market range of
                    relevant recent sales is also analysed using the same criteria             10% to 15%.
                    to provide a comparative set. Unless three or more sales are
                    observed in an individual market segment (taken together with              This practice of determining fair value by reference to the
                    any comparable market segments as necessary), that market                  development feasibility is generally also applied for the
                    segment is considered inactive.                                            Consolidated Entity’s investments in partnerships. However,
                                                                                               certain partnerships do obtain independent valuations for
                    Where a market segment is observed to be active, then                      investment properties under development each financial year.
                    external, independent valuations are performed for stabilised
                    investment properties where there has been more than a                     (d) Inventories
                    25 basis point movement in capitalisation rates and/or there                                                              Consolidated
                    has been a material change in tenancy profile and/or there has                                                         2016           2015
                    been significant capital expenditure and/or there has been a                                                            $M             $M
                    material change in use (or zoning) of the asset and/or it has
                    been three years since the previous external, independent                  Current
                    valuation. For all other stabilised investment properties in an            Development land                            22.2             9.0
                    active market segment, an internal valuation is performed                                                              22.2             9.0
                    based on observable capitalisation rates and referenced to                 Non-current
                    independent market data.                                                   Development land                            94.6           125.5
                    Where a market segment is observed to be inactive, then no                                                             94.6           125.5
                    external, independent valuations are performed and internal
                    valuations are undertaken based on discounted cash flow                    During the year, impairments of $5.0 million (2015: $7.6
                    (DCF) calculations. The DCF calculations are prepared over a               million) were recognised to write down development land
                    10 year period. The key inputs considered for each individual              to net realisable value.
                    calculation are rental growth rates, discount rates, market rental         (e) Investment properties
                    rates and letting up incentives. Discount rates are computed
                                                                                               Reconciliation carrying amount of directly held
                    using the 10 year bond rate or equivalent in each jurisdiction
                                                                                               investment properties
                    plus increments to reflect country risk, tenant credit risk and
                    industry risk. Where possible, the components of the discount                                                             Consolidated
                    rate are benchmarked to available market data.                                                                         2016           2015
                                                                                                                                            $M             $M
                    Market assessment
                                                                                               Carrying amount at the
                    At 30 June 2016, all markets in which the Consolidated Entity              beginning of the year                    2,126.7         1,950.4
                    operated were observed to be active and no adjustments were                Acquisitions                                37.0               –
                    made to the carrying value of stabilised investment properties             Capital expenditure                         24.9            37.2
                    arising from internal valuations using DCF calculations. The               Transfers in from inventory                  1.9               –
                    overall weighted average capitalisation rates for the divisional           Disposals:
                    portfolios (including partnerships) are set out in the table below:        – Carrying value of properties sold       (374.9)          (46.8)
                                                                          Total portfolio      – On disposal of interests in
                                                                        weighted average       controlled entities                        (50.7)         (204.9)
                                                                        capitalisation rate    Transfers to inventories                        –            (1.6)
                                                                          2016        2015     Net gain from fair value adjustments      317.4            381.8
                    Division                                                %             %    Effect of foreign currency translation       (2.8)          10.6
                    Australia1                                             6.7           7.3   Carrying amount at the
                    Hong Kong                                              5.4           6.0   end of the year                          2,079.5         2,126.7
                    Logistics – Continental Europe                         6.4           6.9   Analysed by segment:
                    Logistics – United Kingdom                             8.0           7.6   Australia and New Zealand                2,053.1         2,094.6
                    North America                                          4.5             –   United Kingdom                              26.4            32.1
                  1. Excludes urban renewal sites which are valued on a rate per residential                                            2,079.5         2,126.7
                     unit site basis.

                                                                          GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                   117
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Operating assets and liabilities continued
      5. Property assets continued
      (e) Investment properties continued
      Other information regarding directly held investment properties
      The fair value measurement approach for directly held investment properties has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value based
      on the inputs to the valuation technique used (see notes 1(h) and 5(c)). The majority of the Consolidated Entity’s directly held




For personal use only
      investment properties are in Australia and the valuation technique used in measuring the fair value, as well as the values assumed
      for the significant unobservable inputs, are summarised in the table below:
      Valuation technique                Significant unobservable input                                                 2016              2015
      Income capitalisation              Range of net market rents (per square metre per annum)                  $40 to $300       $42 to $300
                                         Capitalisation rate (weighted average)                                       6.70%             7.30%

      The estimated fair value would increase if net market rents were higher and/or if capitalisation rates were lower. The estimated fair
      value would decrease if the net market rents were lower and/or if the capitalisation rates were higher.
      In addition there are assets in Sydney, NSW that have been rezoned for residential mixed use. Certain of these sites have seen
      significant value uplifts as a result of the change in zoning, with the valuations of these sites determined by reference to comparable
      sales data, as summarised in the table below:
      Valuation technique Significant unobservable input                                                               2016              2015
      Direct comparison   Sales price for comparable residential sites (rate per unit)                           $100,000 to       $100,000 to
      		                                                                                                           $300,000          $300,000

      The Consolidated Entity leases out investment properties under operating leases. The weighted average lease expiry of Goodman
      Group’s directly held investment properties in Australia is 3.3 years.
      Non-cancellable operating lease commitments receivable from investment property customers
      The analysis in the table below reflects the gross property income, excluding recoverable outgoings, based on the Consolidated
      Entity’s existing lease agreements. It assumes that leases will not extend beyond the next review date where the customer has an
      option to end the lease.
                                                                                                                            Consolidated
                                                                                                                         2016            2015
                                                                                                                          $M              $M
      Non-cancellable operating lease commitments receivable:
      – Within one year                                                                                                  88.3             107.8
      – One year or later and no later than five years                                                                  177.9             275.8
      – Later than five years                                                                                           101.4             113.3
                                                                                                                        367.6             496.9

      (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method
      Investments accounted for using the equity method comprise of associates and JVs, which are collectively referred to by the
      Consolidated Entity as partnerships.
      Associates
      An associate is an entity over which the Consolidated Entity exercises significant influence but not control over their financial and
      operating policies. In the consolidated financial statements, investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method.
      Investments in associates are carried at the lower of the equity accounted amount and recoverable amount. Under this method,
      the Consolidated Entity’s share of post-acquisition gains or losses of associates is recognised in the consolidated income
      statement and its share of post-acquisition movements in reserves is recognised in consolidated reserves. Cumulative post-
      acquisition movements in both profit or loss and reserves are adjusted against the cost of the investment.
      JVs
      A JV is an arrangement in which the Consolidated Entity has joint control, whereby the Consolidated Entity has rights to the net
      assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities. In the consolidated financial statements,
      investments in JVs are accounted for using the equity method. Investments in JVs are carried at the lower of the equity accounted
      amount and recoverable amount. The Consolidated Entity’s share of the JVs’ net profit or loss is recognised in the consolidated
      income statement from the date joint control commences to the date joint control ceases. Movements in reserves are recognised
      directly in the consolidated reserves.
      Transactions eliminated on consolidation
      Unrealised gains resulting from transactions with associates and JVs, including those relating to contributions of non-monetary
      assets on establishment, are eliminated to the extent of the Consolidated Entity’s interest. Unrealised gains relating to associates
      and JVs are eliminated against the carrying amount of the investment. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as
      unrealised gains, unless they evidence an impairment of an asset.




      118                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating assets and liabilities continued
                    5. Property assets continued
                    (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method continued
                    (i) Investments in associates
                    The Consolidated Entity’s associates are set out below:
                                                                                           Consolidated share		                                                Consolidated




For personal use only
                                                                                             of net results     Consolidated                                    investment
                                                                                              recognised      ownership interest                              carrying amount
                                                                   Country of              2016          2015 2016          2015                              2016         2015
                    Name of associate                              establishment            $M             $M   %             %                                $M           $M
                    Property investment
                    Goodman Australia
                    Industrial Partnership (GAIP) Australia      229.5 148.3                                                 27.5             27.5         1,186.6         1,025.3
                    Goodman Australia Partnership
                    (GAP)                         Australia      131.1  68.8                                                 19.9             19.9           549.8            479.4
                    Goodman Hong Kong Logistics
                    Partnership (GHKLP)           Cayman Islands 182.4  83.6                                                 20.0             20.0           754.9            575.0
                    Goodman European Logistics
                    Partnership (GEP)             Luxembourg      52.8  45.8                                                 20.4             20.4           456.1            415.3
                    Arlington Business Parks
                    Partnership (ABPP)1           United Kingdom     –  13.4                                                     – –      –                                      –
                    		                                           595.8 359.9                                                      		2,947.4                                2,495.0
                  1. During the prior financial year, the Consolidated Entity disposed of a controlled entity that held its entire investment in ABPP to a controlled entity of GL
                     (refer to note 18).

                    The reconciliation of the carrying value at the beginning to the carrying value at the end of the year is set out as follow:
                                                                                                                                                              Consolidated
                                                                                                                                                           2016            2015
                    Movement in carrying amount of investments in associates                                                                                $M              $M
                    Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                                                       2,495.0             2,459.3
                    Share of net results after tax (before revaluations)                                                                                 205.4               204.6
                    Share of fair value adjustments on investment properties                                                                             383.9               145.9
                    Share of fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                                                                     6.5                9.4
                    Share of net results                                                                                                                 595.8               359.9
                    Share of movement in reserves                                                                                                          (1.0)               0.4
                    Acquisitions
                    Disposals:                                                                                                                             45.6               53.2
                    – Carrying value of investments sold                                                                                                  (34.8)                 –
                    – On disposal of interests in controlled entities                                                                                         –             (321.7)
                    Distributions received                                                                                                              (179.8)             (164.6)
                    Effect of foreign currency translation                                                                                                 26.6              108.5
                    Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                                             2,947.4             2,495.0




                                                                           GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                      119
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Operating assets and liabilities continued
      5. Property assets continued
      (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method continued
      (i) Investments in associates continued
      The table below includes further information regarding the Consolidated Entity’s investments in associates held at the end of the
      financial year:




For personal use only
                                                                                GAIP                     GAP                  GHKLP                         GEP
                                                                         2016       2015          2016         2015        2016    2015             2016           2015
                                                                          $M         $M            $M           $M          $M      $M               $M             $M
      Summarised statement
      of financial position
      Total current assets                                             595.9       436.3        464.3        380.3       325.8         46.0        185.0       348.5
      Total non-current assets                                       5,864.0     5,534.1      3,397.2      3,231.7     4,367.6      3,813.9      3,642.8     3,202.1
      Total current liabilities                                        171.9       528.1        134.1        238.0        84.7         85.1        132.1       117.1
      Total non-current liabilities                                  2,040.3     1,788.7        988.3      1,129.0       840.5        905.8      1,456.0     1,399.2
      Net assets (100%)                                              4,247.7     3,653.6      2,739.1      2,245.0     3,768.2      2,869.0      2,239.7     2,034.3
      Consolidated ownership interest                                 27.5%       27.5%        19.9%        19.9%       20.0%        20.0%        20.4%       20.4%
      Consolidated share of net assets                               1,169.3     1,005.8        545.5        447.2       753.6        573.8        456.1       414.3
      Capitalised costs                                                    –         2.8            –            –         1.3          1.2            –         1.0
      Distributions receivable1                                         17.3        16.7          4.3         32.2           –            –            –           –
      Carrying amount of investment                                  1,186.6     1,025.3        549.8        479.4       754.9        575.0        456.1       415.3
      Summarised statement of
      comprehensive income
      Revenue                                                          464.1        473.6       308.1        321.8        237.8        200.0       242.0          226.0
      Profit after tax and revaluations                                842.7        538.7       658.6        345.3        911.9        417.8       262.9          221.1
      Other comprehensive income                                         0.5          0.5         4.5          (0.4)          –            –           –              –
      Total comprehensive income (100%)                                843.2        539.2       663.1        344.9        911.9        417.8       262.9          221.1
      Distributions received and
      receivable by the Consolidated Entity                              68.2        67.0         60.8         30.1        17.4         15.6         33.4          28.6
    1. Distributions receivable relate to distributions provided for but not paid by the associate at 30 June 2016. This is applicable to trusts in Australia where
       unitholders are presently entitled to income at the end of the financial year.

      (ii) Investments in JVs
      A summary of the results and ownership interest of the Consolidated Entity’s principal JVs is set out below:
                                                                             Consolidated share		                                                Consolidated
                                                                               of net results     Consolidated                                    investment
                                                                                recognised      ownership interest                              carrying amount
                                                     Country of              2016          2015 2016          2015                              2016         2015
      Name of JV                                     establishment            $M             $M   %             %                                $M           $M
      Property investment
      KWASA Goodman Industrial
      Partnership (KGIP)       Australia  32.6 24.5 40.0 40.0 213.5                                                                                            195.1
      Property investment
      and development
      Goodman North America
      Partnership (GNAP)       USA        62.2  8.5 53.0 53.0 566.3                                                                                            243.0
      Other JVs		                          9.0 29.9			        166.1                                                                                            233.4
      		                                 103.8 62.9			        945.9                                                                                            671.5




      120                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating assets and liabilities continued
                    5. Property assets continued
                    (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method continued
                    (ii) Investments in JVs continued
                    The reconciliation of the carrying value at the beginning to the carrying value at the end of the year is set out as follows:
                                                                                                                                         Consolidated




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                      2016            2015
                    Movement in carrying amounts of JVs                                                                                $M              $M
                    Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                                     671.5             541.0
                    Share of net results after tax (before revaluations)                                                               39.0              34.4
                    Share of fair value adjustments on investment properties                                                           66.1              29.0
                    Share of fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                                                 (1.3)             (0.5)
                    Share of net results                                                                                             103.8               62.9
                    Acquisitions                                                                                                     267.6               92.2
                    Disposals                                                                                                         (73.8)                 –
                    Capital return                                                                                                      (0.3)             (0.4)
                    Distributions/dividends received                                                                                  (25.4)            (63.4)
                    Effect of foreign currency translation                                                                               2.5             39.2
                    Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                           945.9             671.5

                    The table below includes further information regarding the Consolidated Entity’s principal investments in JVs held at the end of the
                    financial year:
                                                                                                            KGIP                                GNAP
                                                                                                   2016              2015             2016              2015
                                                                                                    $M                $M               $M                $M
                    Summarised statement of financial position
                    Current assets
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                                       3.5              1.1              27.1              38.0
                    Other current assets                                                          299.8              1.8              19.6              27.2
                    Total current assets                                                          303.3              2.9              46.7              65.2
                    Total non-current assets                                                      548.6            793.2           1,038.5             406.8
                    Current liabilities                                                            11.9              6.1              24.8              21.6
                    Non-current liabilities
                    Financial liabilities                                                         300.0             298.4              0.7                0.5
                    Other non-current liabilities                                                   6.2               4.1                –                  –
                    Total non-current liabilities                                                 306.2             302.5              0.7                0.5
                    Net assets (100%)                                                             533.8             487.5          1,059.7              449.9
                    Consolidated ownership interest                                              40.0%             40.0%            53.0%              53.0%
                    Consolidated share of net assets                                              213.5             195.0            561.6              238.4
                    Capitalised costs                                                                 –               0.1              4.7                4.6
                    Carrying amount of investment in JV                                           213.5             195.1            566.3              243.0
                    Summarised statement of comprehensive income
                    Revenue                                                                         96.6             71.6             13.9                 0.7
                    Interest income                                                                  0.1              0.1                 –                  –
                    Interest expense                                                               (12.3)           (12.5)             (0.1)              (0.1)
                    Income tax expense                                                                 –                –              (0.1)                 –
                    Profit/(loss) after tax                                                         84.8             61.2            117.4               16.0
                    Total comprehensive income (100%)                                               81.7             61.2            117.4               16.0
                    Distributions received                                                          14.1             14.4               2.0              29.8

                    For the Consolidated Entity’s other JVs not included in the table above, the total profit after tax and revaluations is $46.7 million
                    (2015: $57.8 million) and other comprehensive income was $nil (2015: $nil).




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                         121
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Operating assets and liabilities continued
      6. Receivables
      Receivables comprise loans to related parties and trade and other receivables and are recognised on the date that they are
      originated, initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, receivables are
      measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less any impairment losses.
      The Consolidated Entity derecognises a receivable when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the receivable expire or it




For personal use only
      transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows on the receivable in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and
      rewards of the receivable are transferred.
      Impairment
      The carrying amounts of receivables is assessed at each balance date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment.
      If such indication exists, the receivable is written down to the present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at the
      original effective interest rate. The impairment is recognised in profit or loss in the reporting period in which it occurs.
      Calculation of recoverable amount
      The recoverable amount of the Consolidated Entity’s receivables carried at amortised cost is calculated as the present value of
      estimated future cash flows, discounted at the original effective interest rate (i.e. the effective interest rate computed at initial
      recognition of these financial assets). Receivables with a short duration are not discounted.
      Impairment of receivables is not recognised until objective evidence is available that a loss event has occurred. Significant
      receivables are individually assessed for impairment.
      Reversals of impairment
      Impairment losses are reversed when there is an indication that the impairment loss may no longer exist and there has been
      a change in the estimate used to determine the recoverable amount.
                                                                                                                              Consolidated
                                                                                                                           2016            2015
                                                                                                                            $M              $M
      Current
      Loans to related parties                                                                                         3,003.9           3,222.2
      Trade receivables                                                                                                    3.3               3.8
      Other receivables                                                                                                    6.2              98.6
      Amounts due from related parties                                                                                     2.6               2.1
                                                                                                                       3,016.0           3,326.7
      Non-current
      Loans to related parties                                                                                             10.0              10.9
      Other receivables                                                                                                       –               1.1
                                                                                                                           10.0              12.0

      The maximum exposure to credit risk at the balance date is the fair value of each class of receivable mentioned above. There is no
      material difference between the carrying values and the fair values of all current and non-current receivables.
      Receivables (current and non-current) denominated in currencies other than Australian dollars are as follows:
      Amounts in A$M                                                 NZD                JPY              EUR               GBP               USD
      2016                                                          257.7              25.7             122.2          2,378.8             312.3
      2015                                                          333.9              92.5             185.1          2,219.1             545.5

      Loans to related parties
      The Consolidated Entity’s loans to related parties principally relate to loans to GL, GLHK and their controlled entities and loans
      to associates and JVs. The interest rates on loans to related parties were 1.3% to 9.1% per annum (2015: 1.1% to 10.1%
      per annum). During the current financial year, the Consolidated Entity reversed impairment losses of $202.3 million previously
      recognised on loans to GL as there is no longer any indication that the debt will not be recoverable.




      122                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating assets and liabilities continued
                    7. Payables
                    Trade and other payables are recognised initially on the trade date at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs.
                    Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and other payables are measured at amortised cost.
                    The Consolidated Entity derecognises trade and other payables when the contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled
                    or expire.




For personal use only
                    Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when, and only when,
                    the Consolidated Entity has legal right to offset the amounts and intends to either settle on a net basis or to realise the asset and
                    settle the liability simultaneously.
                                                                                                                                              Consolidated
                                                                                                                                           2016            2015
                                                                                                                                            $M              $M
                    Current
                    Trade payables                                                                                                         7.2                  1.0
                    Other payables and accruals                                                                                          294.6                126.3
                    Rental income received in advance                                                                                      2.6                  2.3
                    Loans from related parties1                                                                                           23.5                 18.8
                                                                                                                                         327.9                148.4
                    Non-current
                    Other payables and accruals                                                                                           60.0                 82.7
                                                                                                                                          60.0                 82.7
                  1. Details of loans from related parties are set out in note 19.

                    Capital management
                    8. Net finance income/(expense)
                    Finance income
                    Income from the provision of loan facilities including establishment fees, line fees and interest income is recognised over the
                    relevant service period on an effective interest rate method, and, if not received at balance date, is reflected in the statement of
                    financial position as a receivable.
                    Finance costs
                    Expenditure incurred in obtaining debt finance is offset against the principal amount of the interest bearing liability to which
                    it relates, and is recognised as a finance cost on an effective interest rate basis over the life of the facility or until the facility
                    is significantly modified. Where a facility is significantly modified, any unamortised expenditure in relation to that facility and
                    incremental expenditure incurred in modifying the facility are recognised as a finance cost in the year in which the significant
                    modification occurs.
                    Finance costs relating to a qualifying asset are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset using a weighted average cost of debt.
                    Qualifying assets are assets which take a substantial time to get ready for their intended use or sale. All other finance costs are
                    expensed using the effective interest rate method.




                                                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                   123
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Capital management continued
      8. Net finance income/(expense) continued
                                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                                                                                                                                    2016            2015
                                                                                                                                     $M              $M
      Finance income
      Interest income from:




For personal use only
      – Related parties                                                                                                           222.4              209.9
      – Other parties                                                                                                               7.1                2.7
      Fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                                                                  106.1               53.6
                                                                                                                                  335.6              266.2
      Finance expense
      Interest expense from third party loans, overdrafts and derivatives                                                        (153.5)             (115.0)
      Other borrowing costs                                                                                                        (13.7)              (14.3)
      Foreign exchange loss                                                                                                        (30.2)            (160.0)
      Capitalised borrowing costs1                                                                                                  11.6                21.5
                                                                                                                                 (185.8)             (267.8)
      Net finance income/(expense)                                                                                                149.8                 (1.6)
    1. Borrowing costs were capitalised to inventories and investment properties under development during the financial year at rates between 4.8% and 7.0%
       per annum (2015: 5.1% and 7.8% per annum).

      9. Interest bearing liabilities
      Interest bearing liabilities comprise of bank loans, bonds and private placements. Interest bearing liabilities are recognised
      initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest bearing liabilities
      are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.
              Consolidated
      		 2016              2015
        Note $M             $M
      Non-current
      Unsecured
      – Bank loans                 9(a)   176.4     227.0
      – Euro medium-term notes     9(b)   445.4     509.9
      – US senior notes            9(c) 1,779.2   1,719.0
      – Foreign private placements 9(d)   202.8     171.9
      Borrowing costs		                    (19.5)    (23.0)
      		                                2,584.3   2,604.8

      (a) Bank loans, unsecured
                                                                                                                                    Amounts drawn down
                                                                                                                                      in A$M equivalents
      		                                                                       Facility limit –
      Facility Facility maturity date                                         A$M equivalent                     NZD                 JPY               Total
      Bank loan 1                                            31 Jul 19                   50.0                       –                   –                 –
      Bank loan 2                                            31 Jul 18                  162.6                    80.8                   –              80.8
      Bank loan 3                                            31 Jul 18                  148.7                       –                   –                 –
      Bank loan 4                                          30 Sep 19                     50.4                       –                   –                 –
      Bank loan 5                                          30 Sep 19                     37.5                       –                   –                 –
      Bank loan 6                                            31 Jul 18                  167.5                       –                   –                 –
      Bank loan 7                                           14 Apr 21                   152.2                    47.8                   –              47.8
      Bank loan 8                                          31 Mar 21                    122.2                    47.8                   –              47.8
      Bank loan 9                                          31 Mar 19                     30.0                       –                   –                 –
      Bank loan 10                                         31 Mar 21                    148.7                       –                   –                 –
      Total bank loans, unsecured                     at 30 Jun 2016                  1,069.8                   176.4                   –             176.4
                                                      at 30 Jun 2015                  1,177.8                   227.0                   –             227.0




      124                                                 GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Capital management continued
                    9. Interest bearing liabilities continued
                    (b) Euro medium-term notes, unsecured
                    As at 30 June 2016, Goodman Australia Finance Pty Limited, a controlled entity of GIT, had on issue A$445.4 million (2015:
                    A$509.9 million) Euro medium-term notes. All notes were issued at a fixed coupon of 9.75% payable annually. The notes mature
                    on 16 July 2018. The notes are listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange and the market value of the notes using the quoted price
                    at 30 June 2016 was A$512.0 million (2015: A$620.3 million).




For personal use only
                    (c) United States senior notes, unsecured
                    As at 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity had notes on issue in the United States 144A/Reg S bond market as follows:
                    + A$436.4 million (US$325.0 million) maturing on 12 November 2020. The senior unsecured notes were issued at a fixed coupon
                      of 6.375% payable semi-annually;
                    + A$671.4 million (US$500.0 million) maturing on 15 April 2021. The senior unsecured notes were issued at a fixed coupon
                      of 6.375% payable semi-annually; and
                    + A$671.4 million (US$500.0 million) maturing on 22 March 2022. The senior unsecured notes were issued at a fixed coupon
                      of 6.0% payable semi-annually.
                    (d) Foreign private placements, unsecured
                    As at 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity had the following unsecured foreign private placements:
                    + A$40.1 million (€27.0 million) denominated in Euros. On 29 July 2016, this facility was fully repaid and cancelled; and
                    + A$162.7 million (¥12.5 billion) denominated in Japanese yen. The facility has a fixed coupon of 3.32% payable semi-annually
                      and expires on 3 April 2023.
                    (e) Finance facilities
                                                                                                                                   Consolidated
                                                                                                                           Facilities        Facilities
                                                                                                                           available          utilised
                                                                                                                                  $M                $M
                    At 30 June 2016
                    Unsecured
                    – Bank loans		                 1,069.8   176.4
                    – Euro medium–term notes		       445.4   445.4
                    – United States senior notes		 1,779.2 1,779.2
                    – Foreign private placements1		  202.8   202.8
                    – Bank guarantees2		                 –    38.0
                    		                             3,497.2 2,641.8
                    At 30 June 2015
                    Unsecured
                    – Bank loans		                 1,177.8   227.0
                    – Euro medium–term notes		       509.9   509.9
                    – United States senior notes		 1,719.0 1,719.0
                    – Foreign private placements		   171.9   171.9
                    – Bank guarantees2		                 –    30.1
                    		                             3,578.6 2,657.9
                  1. On 29 July 2016, a facility of A$40.1 million was fully repaid and cancelled (refer to note 9(d)).
                  2. Bank guarantees relate to the Consolidated Entity’s unsecured bank facilities.




                                                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                        125
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Capital management continued
      10. Other financial assets and liabilities
      Derivative financial instruments and hedging
      The Consolidated Entity uses derivative financial instruments to hedge its economic exposure to foreign exchange and interest
      rate risks arising from operating, investing and financing activities. In accordance with its treasury policy, the Consolidated Entity
      does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes.




For personal use only
      The Consolidated Entity’s derivative financial instruments are not designated as a hedge for accounting purposes, and accordingly
      the movements in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognised in the income statement.
      Cash flow hedges
      Certain of the Consolidated Entity’s associates and JVs continue to designate interest rate swaps as a cash flow hedge for
      accounting purposes. The Consolidated Entity’s share of the effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivatives in
      associates and JVs that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve. The gain
      or loss relating to any ineffective portion is recognised in the income statement.
      Other financial assets
                                                                                                                                              Consolidated
                                                                                                                                           2016            2015
                                                                                                                                            $M              $M
      Current
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                         –                 4.4
                                                                                                                                               –                 4.4
      Non-current
      Derivative financial instruments1                                                                                                  329.8                234.0
      Investment in unlisted securities, at fair value                                                                                    18.2                 10.5
                                                                                                                                         348.0                244.5
    1. Includes fair values of cross currency interest rate swaps amounting to $258.2 million (2015: $176.9 million) entered into to hedge the United States senior
       notes (refer to note 9(c)).

      Other financial liabilities
                                                                                                                                              Consolidated
                                                                                                                                           2016            2015
                                                                                                                                            $M              $M
      Current
      Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                      0.1                50.5
                                                                                                                                            0.1                50.5
      Non-current
      Derivative financial instruments1                                                                                                  274.3                347.3
                                                                                                                                         274.3                347.3
    1. Included in the prior financial year is an amount of $64.4 million entered into to hedge the United States senior notes (refer to note 9(c)) and the Japanese
       yen denominated private placement (refer to note 9(d)).




      126                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Capital management continued                                       Goodman Group monitors capital on the basis of both the
                    11. Financial risk management                                      gearing ratio and the weighted average cost of debt. Gearing
                                                                                       is reviewed on a Goodman Group basis and the gearing
                    The Directors have ultimate responsibility for the Consolidated    ratio for Goodman Group is calculated as the total interest
                    Entity’s capital management and financial risk management          bearing liabilities less cash as a percentage of the total assets
                    processes and have established policies, documented in the         excluding cash.
                    Consolidated Entity’s financial risk management (FRM) policy
                    document, to ensure both the efficient use of capital and the      Goodman Group’s key financial risks are market risk (including




For personal use only
                    appropriate management of the exposure to financial risk.          foreign exchange and interest rate risk), liquidity risk and
                                                                                       credit risk.
                    The Group Investment Committee is Goodman Group’s primary
                    forum where recommendations regarding capital allocation           (a) Market risk
                    and FRM (in accordance in the FRM policy) are discussed and        Foreign exchange risk
                    approved. The Group Investment Committee meets every week
                    during the financial year.                                         The Consolidated Entity is exposed to foreign exchange
                                                                                       risk through its investments in New Zealand, Hong Kong,
                    Goodman Group’s treasury function is responsible for               Continental Europe, the United Kingdom and North America.
                    preparing the following reports for consideration at each          Foreign exchange risk represents the loss that would be
                    of the Consolidated Entity’s Board meetings:                       recognised from fluctuations in currency prices against the
                                                                                       Australian dollar as a result of the Consolidated Entity’s
                    + analysis of capital allocation and funding requirements          net investment in foreign operations, future commercial
                      against the Consolidated Entity’s gearing constraint;            transactions, and other foreign currency denominated assets
                    + analysis of the Consolidated Entity’s liquidity and              and liabilities.
                      funding position;
                    + analysis of the Consolidated Entity’s debt maturity profile;     In managing foreign currency risks, the Consolidated Entity
                    + a review of all the hedge exposures and the                      aims to reduce the impact of short-term fluctuations on the
                      completed hedges;                                                Consolidated Entity’s earnings and net assets. However, over
                    + compliance with the Consolidated Entity’s hedging policy         the long term, permanent changes in foreign exchange will
                      and recommendations for future hedging strategies; and           have an impact on both earnings and net assets.
                    + full mark to market of all derivative positions.
                                                                                       Goodman Group’s capital hedge policy for each overseas
                    Under the FRM policy, the Consolidated Entity’s derivative         region is to hedge between 65% and 90% of foreign currency
                    financial instruments are not designated as a hedge for            denominated assets with foreign currency denominated
                    accounting purposes, and accordingly such derivative financial     liabilities. This is achieved by borrowing in the same functional
                    instruments are marked to market, with the movement in value       currency as the overseas investments to form a natural
                    recognised in profit or loss.                                      economic hedge against any foreign currency fluctuations and/
                                                                                       or using derivatives such as cross currency interest rate swaps
                    Capital management                                                 (CCIRS) and foreign exchange contracts (FECs).
                    The Consolidated Entity’s principal capital management
                    objectives are to maintain a strong capital base and provide
                    funds for operating activities, capital expenditure and
                    investment opportunities as they arise. This is achieved through
                    an appropriate mix of debt, equity and hybrid instruments.
                    The Consolidated Entity is able to alter the capital mix by
                    issuing new stapled securities or hybrid securities, through the
                    operation of a DRP, adjusting the timing of capital expenditure
                    and selling assets to reduce borrowings. Goodman Group
                    also manages capital through its distribution policy in which
                    distributions made to Securityholders are based on the greater
                    of 60% of operating profit or taxable income of GIT.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                   127
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Capital management continued
      11. Financial risk management continued
      (a) Market risk continued
      As at 30 June 2016, the principal that is hedged, the weighted average exchange rates and the periods to expiry, by currency,
      are set out below:
                                         2016                          2015




For personal use only
      			                                       Weighted 			                  Weighted
      			                                        average 			                   average
      CCIRS: AUD receivable Amounts   Amounts   exchange  Amounts   Amounts   exchange
      Expiry by currency     payable receivable      rate  payable receivable      rate
      NZD payable             NZD’M        A$M  NZD/AUD     NZD’M        A$M  NZD/AUD
      2–5 years                               (100.0)            65.4 1.1674 (100.0)                              65.4          1.2252
                                              (100.0)            65.4		      (100.0)                              65.4
      HKD payable                             HKD’M              A$M        HKD/AUD            HKD’M              A$M         HKD/AUD
      Less than 1 year                             –               –      – (1,050.0)                            128.4          8.1868
      2–5 years                             (3,390.0)          529.4 6.5396 (1,540.0)                            204.1          7.5622
                                            (3,390.0)          529.4		      (2,590.0)                            332.5
      JPY payable                             JPY’M              A$M         JPY/AUD            JPY’M             A$M         JPY/AUD
      2–5 years                                    –                – – (11,000.0)                               128.0         86.0500
                                                   –                –		 (11,000.0)                               128.0
      EUR payable                             EUR’M              A$M        EUR/AUD             EUR’M             A$M         EUR/AUD
      Less than 1 year                             –               –      –   (50.0)                              69.2          0.7226
      2–5 years                               (470.0)          616.7 0.7644 (420.0)                              541.3          0.7765
                                              (470.0)          616.7		(470.0)                                    610.5
      GBP payable                             GBP’M              A$M        GBP/AUD            GBP’M              A$M         GBP/AUD
      2–5 years                               (170.0)          282.2 0.6035 (170.0)                              282.2          0.6035
                                              (170.0)          282.2		(170.0)                                    282.2

      			                                      Weighted 			                  Weighted
      			                                       average 			                   average
      FECs: GBP receivable Amounts   Amounts   exchange  Amounts   Amounts   exchange
      Expiry by currency    payable receivable      rate  payable receivable      rate
      AUD payable                               A$M           GBP/M         AUD/GBP               A$M           GBP’M         GBP/AUD
      Less than 1 year                             –                –      – (171.1)                              85.0          2.0129
      1–2 years                               (103.2)            50.0 2.0648      –                                  –               –
      2–5 years                                    –                –      – (103.2)                              50.0          2.0640
                                              (103.2)            50.0		      (274.3)                             135.0

      			                                      Weighted 			                  Weighted
      			                                       average 			                   average
      FECs: USD receivable Amounts   Amounts   exchange  Amounts   Amounts   exchange
      Expiry                payable receivable      rate  payable receivable      rate
                                              CNY’M           USD’M         USD/CNY            CNY/M            USD’M         USD/CNY
      2–5 years                             (1,614.6)          225.0 7.1759 –                                        –                –
                                            (1,614.6)          225.0		–                                              –




      128                                          GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Capital management continued
                    11. Financial risk management continued
                    (a) Market risk continued continued
                    At 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity’s notes issued in the United States 144A/Reg S bond market and also foreign private
                    placements denominated in Japanese yen created both an interest rate and a foreign currency risk exposure. The Consolidated
                    Entity’s policy is to minimise its exposure to both interest rate and exchange rate movements. Accordingly, the Consolidated
                    Entity has entered into both USD/EUR and USD/GBP CCIRS, to provide a capital hedge against assets denominated in Euros and




For personal use only
                    British pounds sterling. Details of these CCIRS are set out below:
                                                       2016                          2015
                    			                                       Weighted 			                  Weighted
                    			                                        average 			                   average
                    CCIRS: USD receivable Amounts   Amounts   exchange  Amounts   Amounts   exchange
                    Expiry by currency     payable receivable      rate  payable receivable      rate
                    EUR payable                              EUR’M            USD’M         USD/EUR             EUR’M            USD’M         USD/EUR
                    2–5 years                                (250.8)           355.0 0.7065      –                                    –               –
                    Over 5 years                               (76.6)          100.0 0.7657 (327.4)                               455.0          0.7195
                                                             (327.4)           455.0		(327.4)                                     455.0
                    GBP payable                              GBP’M            USD’M         USD/GBP             GBP’M            USD’M         USD/GBP
                    2–5 years                                  (55.6)           90.0 0.6176      –                                    –               –
                    Over 5 years                               (76.4)          120.0 0.6369 (132.0)                               210.0          0.6286
                                                             (132.0)           210.0		(132.0)                                     210.0
                    			                                       Weighted 			                  Weighted
                    			                                        average 			                   average
                    CCIRS: JPY receivable Amounts   Amounts   exchange  Amounts   Amounts   exchange
                    Expiry                 payable receivable      rate  payable receivable      rate
                    GBP payable                              GBP’M            JPY’M          JPY/GBP            GBP’M            JPY’M         JPY/GBP
                    Over 5 years                                  –                – – (85.9)                                  11,300.0          0.0076
                                                                  –                –		 (85.9)                                  11,300.0
                    Sensitivity analysis
                    Throughout the financial year, if the Australian dollar had been 5% (2015: 5%) stronger against all other currencies, with all
                    other variables held constant, the profit attributable to Unitholders, excluding derivative mark to market and unrealised foreign
                    exchange movements, would have decreased by A$18.6 million (2015: A$4.5 million decrease). If the Australian dollar had been
                    5% (2015: 5%) weaker against all other currencies, with all other variables held constant, the profit attributable to Unitholders,
                    excluding derivative mark to market and unrealised foreign exchange movements, would have increased by A$18.6 million
                    (2015: A$4.5 million increase).
                    Interest rate risk
                    The Consolidated Entity’s interest rate risk arises from variable rate borrowings and also fixed rate to floating rate CCIRS that
                    hedge the currency risk associated with the USD denominated notes and JPY denominated private placement. The Consolidated
                    Entity adopts a policy of ensuring that between 60% and 100% of its current year exposure to changes in interest rates on
                    borrowings is on a fixed rate basis. The Consolidated Entity enters into interest rate swaps (IRS) to manage cash flow risks
                    associated with the interest rates on borrowings that are floating. The IRS contracts are for 90 day intervals and involve quarterly
                    payments or receipts of the net amount of interest.




                                                                  GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                   129
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Capital management continued
      11. Financial risk management continued
      (a) Market risk continued continued
      Interest rate risk continued
      As at 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity’s interest rate risk exposure based on existing interest bearing liabilities and derivative
      financial instruments is set out below:




For personal use only
                                                                                   Interest bearing               Impact of derivatives           Net interest
                                                                                          liabilities            CCIRS1               IRS       rate exposure
                                                                                               A$M                 A$M               A$M                 A$M
      30 June 2016
      Fixed rate liabilities                                                                2,387.3              (893.0)              854.8            2,349.1
      Floating rate liabilities                                                               216.5               912.3              (854.8)             274.0
                                                                                            2,603.8                19.3                   –            2,623.1
      30 June 2015
      Fixed rate liabilities                                                                2,361.7             (982.8)               762.8            2,141.7
      Floating rate liabilities                                                               266.1            1,164.8               (762.8)             668.1
                                                                                            2,627.8              182.0                    –            2,809.8
    1. The impact of the CCIRS amends the total borrowings exposure as a result of the difference in the foreign currency exchange rate at the end of the
       financial year between the contracted rate and the year end spot rate.

      As a result of the fixed rate interest bearing liabilities and derivative financial instruments that existed at the end of the financial year,
      the Consolidated Entity would have the following fixed interest rate exposure at the end of each of the next five financial years:
                                                                                                        2016                                   2015
                                                                                                             Weighted 		                            Weighted
                                                                                     Fixed interest           average   Fixed interest               average
                                                                                     rate exposure        interest rate rate exposure            interest rate
      Number of years post balance date                                                       A$M        % per annum             A$M            % per annum
      1 year                                                                                2,397.0                4.51            2,397.9                  4.95
      2 years                                                                               2,583.3                4.39            2,388.5                  5.00
      3 years                                                                               2,172.1                3.44            2,297.6                  4.94
      4 years                                                                               1,793.7                3.50            1,538.2                  3.78
      5 years                                                                               1,318.0                3.21            1,183.2                  3.84

      Sensitivity analysis
      Based on the Consolidated Entity’s net interest rate exposure at 30 June 2016, if interest rates on borrowings had been 100 basis
      points per annum (2015: 100 basis points per annum) higher/lower, with all other variables held constant, the Consolidated Entity’s
      profit attributable to Unitholders for the financial year would have been A$2.7 million lower/higher (2015: A$6.7 million).
      Price risk
      The Consolidated Entity is not materially exposed to price risk.
      (b) Liquidity risk
      Liquidity risk is the risk that the Consolidated Entity will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The
      Consolidated Entity’s objective is to maintain sufficient liquidity to fund working capital, capital expenditure, investment
      opportunities, debt expiries and distributions. This is achieved through the monthly preparation of a three year cash flow forecast
      to understand the uses of funds and to identify potential shortfalls in funding. This allows the Consolidated Entity to plan for
      renewal of debt facilities, negotiation of new debt facilities, new issues of securities, including the DRP, and other potential
      sources of funding.
      Goodman Group’s treasury function is responsible for reporting details of all debt maturities to the Board at its regular meetings.
      Goodman Group’s treasury function is also responsible for reporting to the Board all the information and term sheets relating to
      any financing arrangements being contemplated or negotiated by the Consolidated Entity, for its review and approval.
      The Consolidated Entity seeks to spread its debt maturities such that the total debt maturing in a single financial year does not
      exceed Board approved policy levels.




      130                                                  GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Capital management continued
                    11. Financial risk management continued
                    (b) Liquidity risk continued
                    The contractual maturities of financial liabilities of the Consolidated Entity are set out below:
                                                   Carrying    Contractual        Less than					                                                                    More than
                                                    amount      cash flows           1 year 1–2 years 2–3 years 3–4 years 4–5 years                                   5 years




For personal use only
                                                        $M              $M              $M        $M        $M        $M        $M                                        $M
                    As at 30 June 2016
                    Non-derivative financial liabilities
                    Payables                       387.9         387.9                327.9             40.6              1.9               7.5            10.0                –
                    Bank loans, unsecured1         176.4         176.4                    –                –             80.7                 –            95.7                –
                    Euro medium-term notes,
                    unsecured                      445.4         575.8                 85.1             43.4            447.3                 –                –               –
                    United States senior
                    notes, unsecured             1,779.2      2,367.7                 135.5           112.4             112.4            112.8         1,193.5            701.1
                    Foreign private
                    placements, unsecured          202.8         246.6                   7.7             6.2               6.2              6.3             6.2           214.0
                    Total non-derivative
                    financial liabilities        2,991.7      3,754.4                 556.2           202.6             648.5            126.6         1,305.4            915.1
                    Derivative financial liabilities/(assets) – net
                    Net settled2                    (20.7)         (5.1)               (10.0)            2.6               1.0              1.8             1.1             (1.6)
                    Gross settled:3
                    (Inflow)                        (34.7)      (539.7)                (94.7)          (97.2)            (77.0)           (81.6)         (144.9)           (44.3)
                    Outflow                             –        489.4                  39.9          203.9             103.1              36.9            38.7             66.9
                    Total derivative financial
                    liabilities/(assets) – net     (55.4)        (55.4)                (64.8)         109.3              27.1             (42.9)         (105.1)           21.0
                    As at 30 June 2015
                    Non-derivative financial liabilities
                    Payables                       231.1         232.0                148.4             48.0             16.2              1.9              7.5            10.0
                    Bank loans, unsecured1         227.0         230.3                    –                –                –            230.0              0.3               –
                    Euro medium-term notes,
                    unsecured                      509.9         710.8                 97.7             49.9             49.9            513.3                 –               –
                    United States senior
                    notes, unsecured             1,719.0      2,422.8                 140.6           108.6             108.6            108.6           108.9        1,847.5
                    Foreign private
                    placements, unsecured          171.9         215.9                   6.5             5.3               5.3              5.3             5.3           188.2
                    Total non-derivative
                    financial liabilities        2,858.9      3,811.8                 393.2           211.8             180.0            859.1           122.0        2,045.7
                    Derivative financial liabilities/(assets) – net
                    Net settled2                    22.4          11.3                   4.4             5.7              (1.9)             1.8             0.8              0.5
                    Gross settled:3
                    (Inflow)                           –        (504.0)                (91.1)          (89.8)            (84.7)           (62.9)          (58.3)          (117.2)
                    Outflow                        137.0         652.6                  96.7            50.4            211.2            145.0             50.2             99.1
                    Total derivative
                    financial liabilities/(assets)
                    – net                          159.4         159.9                 10.0            (33.7)           124.6              83.9             (7.3)          (17.6)
                  1. Contractual cash flows relating to bank loans exclude any estimate of interest payments that might arise under the Consolidated Entity’s revolving
                     loan facilities.
                  2. Net settled relates to IRS and FECs.
                  3. Gross settled relates to CCIRS.




                                                                         GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                    131
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Capital management continued                                                       The credit risks associated with financial instruments are
      11. Financial risk management continued                                            managed by:
      (c) Credit risk                                                                    + transacting with multiple derivatives counterparties that
      Credit risk represents the loss that would be recognised if                          have a long-term investment credit rating; and
      counterparties failed to perform as contracted.                                    + utilising International Swaps and Derivatives Association
                                                                                           (ISDA) agreements with derivative counterparties in
      The maximum exposure to credit risk on financial assets,                             order to limit exposure to credit risk through netting of




For personal use only
      excluding investments, of the Consolidated Entity which have                         amounts receivable and amounts payable to individual
      been recognised on the statement of financial position, is the                       counterparties (refer below).
      carrying amount (refer to note 6).
                                                                                         Master netting or similar agreements
      The Consolidated Entity has a policy of assessing the                              The Consolidated Entity enters into derivative transactions
      creditworthiness of all potential customers and is not                             under ISDA master netting off agreements. Under these
      materially exposed to any one customer. The Consolidated                           agreements, where certain credit events occur (such as a
      Entity evaluates all customers’ perceived credit risk and may                      default), all outstanding transactions under the agreement are
      require the lodgement of rental bonds or bank guarantees,                          terminated and a single net termination value is payable in
      as appropriate, to reduce credit risk. In addition, all rents are                  full and final settlement.
      payable monthly in advance.
                                                                                         As the Consolidated Entity does not have any current legally
      The Consolidated Entity minimises credit risk by dealing with                      enforceable right to offset, the fair values associated with
      major financial institutions in relation to cash and short-                        derivative financial instruments have been presented gross in
      term borrowings. Concentration of credit risk exists from                          the statement of financial position. However, if a credit event
      time to time on receivables for the proceeds of disposals                          occurred, the ISDA master netting off agreement would allow
      of investment properties. The credit risk is minimised as                          A$124.1 million (2015: A$144.5 million) of financial assets
      legal title is only transferred upon receipt of proceeds for                       and financial liabilities in relation to the Consolidated Entity’s
      the sale of those assets and typically Goodman will have                           derivative financial instruments to be offset.
      either received a cash deposit or be the beneficiary of a bank
      guarantee for 10% to 20% of the total proceeds.
      From time to time, the Consolidated Entity also makes loans
      to partnerships. In making its investment decisions, the
      Consolidated Entity will undertake a detailed assessment of
      the credit risks associated with the relevant counterparties.

      (d) Fair value of financial instruments
      The carrying amounts shown in the statement of financial position and fair values of financial assets and liabilities are as follows:
      		                Carrying 		                                                                                                        Carrying
      		                 amount   Fair value                                                                                                amount            Fair value
      		                   2016         2016                                                                                                  2015                  2015
      Consolidated Note      $M          $M                                                                                                     $M                   $M
      Financial assets
      Cash                                  14(a) 1,183.6 1,183.6   602.4                                                                                          602.4
      Receivables:                             6         		
      – Loans to related parties		                3,013.9 3,013.9 3,233.1                                                                                        3,233.1
      – Trade and other receivables		                12.1    12.1   105.6                                                                                          105.6
      Other financial assets:                10          		
      – Interest rate swaps		                        57.4    57.4    43.0                                                                                           43.0
      – CCIRS		                                     272.4   272.4   189.1                                                                                          189.1
      – FECs		                                          –       –     6.3                                                                                            6.3
      – Investments in unlisted securities		         18.2    18.2    10.5                                                                                           10.5
      		                                          4,557.6 4,557.6 4,190.0                                                                                        4,190.0
      Financial liabilities
      Payables                                 7    387.9   387.9   231.1                                                                                          231.1
      Interest bearing liabilities1            9  2,584.3 2,958.8 2,604.8                                                                                        2,974.8
      Other financial liabilities:           10          		
      – Interest rate swaps		                        36.8    36.8    71.7                                                                                           71.7
      – CCIRS		                                     218.1   218.1   326.1                                                                                          326.1
      – FECs		                                       19.5    19.5       –                                                                                              –
      		                                          3,246.6 3,621.1 3,233.7                                                                                        3,603.7
    1. The fair value of certain fixed rate interest bearing liabilities has been determined by reference to the quoted market prices at 30 June 2016 (refer to note 9).




      132                                                      GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Capital management continued
                    11. Financial risk management continued
                    (d) Fair value of financial instruments continued
                    Fair value hierarchy
                    The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method (see note 1(h)):
                                                                                                Level 1          Level 2          Level 3                Total




For personal use only
                                                                                                   $M               $M               $M                    $M
                    As at 30 June 2016
                    Available for sale financial assets                                               –               –              18.2             18.2
                    Derivative financial assets                                                       –           329.8                 –            329.8
                                                                                                      –           329.8              18.2            348.0
                    Derivative financial liabilities                                                  –           274.4                 –            274.4
                                                                                                      –           274.4                 –            274.4
                    As at 30 June 2015
                    Available for sale financial assets                                               –               –              10.5             10.5
                    Derivative financial assets                                                       –           238.4                 –            238.4
                                                                                                      –           238.4              10.5            248.9
                    Derivative financial liabilities                                                  –           397.8                 –            397.8
                                                                                                      –           397.8                 –            397.8

                    There were no transfers between the levels during the year.
                    Valuation techniques used to derive Level 2 and Level 3 fair values
                    The Level 2 derivative financial instruments held by the Consolidated Entity consist of interest rate swaps, cross currency interest
                    rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts.
                    The fair values of derivative financial instruments are determined using generally accepted pricing models which discount
                    estimated future cash flows based on the terms and maturity of each contract and current market interest rates and or foreign
                    currency rates, adjusted for specific features of the instruments.
                    12. Provision for distributions
                    Distribution payable
                    Provisions for distributions payable are recognised in the reporting period in which the distributions are declared for the entire
                    undistributed amount regardless of the extent to which they will be paid in cash.
                    Distributions declared and paid/payable by GIT
                                                                                                             Distribution    Total amount          Date of
                                                                                                                     cpu              $M          payment
                    Distributions for the current financial year
                    – 31 Dec 2015                                                                                   11.9            210.6     22 Feb 2016
                    – 30 Jun 2016                                                                                   11.1            197.4     26 Aug 2016
                                                                                                                    23.0            408.0
                    Distributions for the prior financial year
                    – 31 Dec 2014                                                                                   11.1            193.7     20 Feb 2015
                    – 30 Jun 2015                                                                                   11.1            194.6     26 Aug 2015
                                                                                                                    22.2            388.3

                    Movement in provision for distributions to Unitholders
                          Consolidated
                    		 2016            2015
                    		 $M               $M
                    Balance at the beginning of the year		                                                                          194.6            178.8
                    Provisions for distributions		                                                                                  408.0            388.3
                    Distribution paid		                                                                                            (309.7)          (283.1)
                    Distribution reinvestment plan		                                                                                 (95.5)           (89.4)
                    Balance at the end of the year		                                                                                197.4            194.6

                    The Goodman Group DRP was active for the 30 June 2015 and 31 December 2015 distribution. As a consequence, $95.5 million
                    of the distribution paid during the year was issued in the form of Goodman Group stapled securities. The Goodman Group DRP
                    is suspended for the 30 June 2016 distribution.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                       133
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Capital management continued
      13. Issued capital
      Ordinary units
      Ordinary units of the Trust are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to issues of ordinary units and options
      are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.
            Consolidated




For personal use only
      		 2016            2015
      		 $M               $M
      1,778,318,630 (2015: 1,753,035,922) fully paid units on issue                                                                7,398.2             7,279.9
      Less: Issue costs1                                                                                                            (148.5)             (148.5)
                                                                                                                                   7,249.7             7,131.4
    1. Issue costs associated with the issue of units have been directly paid from the proceeds of the issues. These costs have been deducted from the issued
       capital in the statement of financial position, rather than charged as an expense of GIT, as they are considered to form part of the net equity raised.

      Terms and conditions
      A stapled security means one unit in GIT stapled to one share in GL and one CDI over an ordinary share in GLHK. Holders of
      stapled securities are entitled to receive distributions and dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote
      per stapled security at Securityholders’ meetings. In the event of a winding up of GL, GIT and GLHK, Securityholders rank after
      creditors and are fully entitled to any proceeds of liquidation.
                                                                                                                                                          Units
      Units on issue at 1 July 2014                                                                                                           1,727,685,976
      Issued under the Goodman Group DRP                                                                                                         16,464,377
      Issued under the Goodman Group LTIP                                                                                                         8,843,233
      Issued under the Goodman Group Tax Exempt Plan                                                                                                 42,336
      Units on issue at 30 June 2015                                                                                                          1,753,035,922
      Units on issue at 1 July 2015                                                                                                           1,753,035,922
      Issued under the Goodman Group DRP                                                                                                         15,416,659
      Issued under the Goodman Group LTIP                                                                                                         9,824,337
      Issued under the Goodman Group Tax Exempt Plan                                                                                                 41,712
      Units on issue at 30 June 2016                                                                                                          1,778,318,630

      Other items
      14. Notes to the cash flow statement
      (a) Reconciliation of cash
      For the purpose of the cash flow statement, cash includes cash on hand at the bank and short-term deposits at call. Cash at
      the balance date as shown in the cash flow statement is reconciled to the related items in the statement of financial position
      as follows:
            Consolidated
      		 2016            2015
      		 $M               $M
      Cash assets                                                                                                                  1,183.6               602.4




      134                                                  GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Other items continued
                    14. Notes to the cash flow statement continued
                    (b) Reconciliation of profit for the year to net cash provided by operating activities
                          Consolidated
                    		 2016            2015
                    		 $M               $M




For personal use only
                    Profit for the year                                                                                            1,454.9              924.5
                    Items classified as investing activities
                    Net gain on disposal of investment properties                                                                    (36.4)                (6.7)
                    Net gain on disposal of controlled entities                                                                        (2.1)             (32.1)
                    Net gain on disposal of equity investments                                                                       (27.2)                   –
                    Non-cash items
                    Net gain from fair value adjustments on investment properties                                                   (317.4)             (381.8)
                    Impairment (reversals)/losses                                                                                   (186.6)                7.6
                    Share of net results of equity accounted investments                                                            (699.6)             (422.8)
                    Net finance (income)/expense                                                                                    (149.8)                1.6
                    Income tax expense                                                                                                21.6                 1.9
                    Operating profit before changes in working capital and provisions                                                 57.4                92.2
                    Changes in assets and liabilities during the year:
                    – Decrease/(increase) in receivables                                                                               56.2               (43.8)
                    – Increase in inventories                                                                                         (19.6)              (37.0)
                    – Decrease in other assets                                                                                           6.1                 4.9
                    – (Decrease)/increase in payables                                                                                   (8.4)                1.7
                                                                                                                                       91.7                18.0
                    Dividends/distributions received from equity accounted investments                                               205.1               227.9
                    Net finance costs paid                                                                                          (250.8)             (102.6)
                    Net income taxes paid                                                                                               (1.5)               (3.6)
                    Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                          44.5              139.7

                    (c) Non-cash transactions
                    Distribution reinvestment plan
                    The Goodman Group DRP was active for the August 2015 and February 2016 distribution. In relation to these distributions,
                    $95.5 million (2015: $89.4 million) was in the form of stapled securities in Goodman Group.
                    In the prior financial year, the Consolidated Entity received its distributions of $31.7 million from investments in partnerships
                    in the form of units in the partnerships.
                    Disposal of equity investment
                    During the year, the Consolidated Entity received units in Goodman Property Trust (GMT) amounting to $34.5 million as
                    deferred consideration for the sale of its entire interest in Highbrook Development Limited in prior years. The units in GMT
                    were subsequently sold to a controlled entity of GL and settled via a related party loan.
                    During the prior year, the Consolidated Entity disposed of its entire interest in ABPP to a controlled entity of GL for net
                    consideration of $318.4 million in the form of a related party loan to a controlled entity of GL.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                         135
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Other items continued
      15. Reserves
               Consolidated
      		 2016               2015
        Note $M              $M
      Asset revaluation reserve1           15(a)                                                                                       7.4             170.5
      Cash flow hedge reserve              15(b)                                                                                      (5.9)              (5.0)




For personal use only
      Foreign currency translation reserve 15(c)                                                                                   (150.5)              21.8
      Employee compensation reserve        15(d)                                                                                     80.9               64.7
      Total reserves		                                                                                                              (68.1)             252.0
    1. In prior periods, unrealised gains or losses on investment properties were transferred from accumulated losses to the asset revaluation reserve. From
       1 July 2015, the Consolidated Entity has amended its practice such that these unrealised gains or losses are maintained in accumulated losses and any
       relevant amounts included in the asset revaluation reserve at 1 July 2015 have been transferred back to accumulated losses.

      		 2016                                                                                                                                            2015
      		$M                                                                                                                                                $M
      (a) Asset revaluation reserve
      Balance at the beginning of the year		                                                                                        170.5             (950.6)
      Increase due to revaluation of other financial assets		                                                                         6.6                 2.1
      Transfers (to)/from accumulated losses		                                                                                     (170.1)           1,132.6
      Effect of foreign currency translation		                                                                                        0.4               (13.6)
      Balance at the end of the year		                                                                                                7.4              170.5
      (b) Cash flow hedge reserve
      Balance at the beginning of the year		                                                                                          (5.0)              (9.7)
      Change in value of financial instruments		                                                                                      (0.9)               0.8
      Transfers to other comprehensive income		                                                                                          –                4.1
      Effect of foreign currency translation		                                                                                           –               (0.2)
      Balance at the end of the year		                                                                                                (5.9)              (5.0)
      (c) Foreign currency translation reserve
      Balance at the beginning of the year		                                                                                         21.8              (251.1)
      Net exchange differences on conversion of foreign operations		                                                               (172.3)              272.9
      Balance at the end of the year		                                                                                             (150.5)               21.8
      (d) Employee compensation reserve
      Balance at the beginning of the year		                                                                                          64.7              57.0
      Equity settled share based payments transaction relating to Goodman Group		                                                     16.2               7.7
      Balance at the end of the year		                                                                                                80.9              64.7
      Total reserves		                                                                                                               (68.1)            252.0

      16. Accumulated losses
             Consolidated
      		 2016             2015
      		$M                 $M
      Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                       (1,514.9)            (897.3)
      Profit attributable to Unitholders                                                                                          1,434.8              903.3
      Transfers from/(to) asset revaluation reserve                                                                                 170.1           (1,132.6)
      Distributions declared                                                                                                       (408.0)            (388.3)
      Balance at the end of the year                                                                                               (318.0)          (1,514.9)




      136                                                 GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Other items continued
                    17. Non-controlling interests
                    Goodman PLUS Trust, a controlled entity of GIT, has 3,269,665 hybrid securities on issue at a face value of $100 each. The hybrid
                    securities are preferred, perpetual non-call securities which are listed on the ASX. Goodman PLUS Trust pays, at its discretion,
                    distributions at a market rate plus a margin. The hybrid securities may be exchanged or repurchased in certain circumstances.
                    Accordingly, these hybrid securities have been classified as equity and presented as non-controlling interests. Incremental costs
                    directly attributable to the issue of hybrid securities are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.




For personal use only
                    For the year ended 30 June 2016, the movement in Goodman PLUS was as follows:
                           Consolidated
                    		 2016             2015
                    		$M                 $M
                    Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                        325.8           325.8
                    Profit attributable to non-controlling interests                                                              20.1            21.2
                    Distributions paid to holders of Goodman PLUS                                                                (20.1)          (21.2)
                    Balance at the end of the year1                                                                             325.8           325.8
                  1. The non-controlling interest balance is net of issue costs.

                    The key terms of the Goodman PLUS are as follows:
                    + distributions under Goodman PLUS are discretionary and payable quarterly on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and
                      31 December at a margin of 3.90% per annum over the three month Bank Bill Swap Rate;
                    + the first remarketing date is 30 September 2017 and thereafter every five years. After 30 September 2017, the Goodman PLUS
                      may be repurchased or exchanged;
                    + a step-up margin of 0.25% per annum will apply if Goodman PLUS are not repurchased, exchanged or successfully remarketed
                      on or before 30 September 2022;
                    + a final step-up margin of 0.75% per annum will apply if Goodman PLUS are not repurchased or exchanged on or before
                      31 December 2038; and
                    + Goodman PLUS holders will have the right to require the Trust to elect to repurchase or exchange the Goodman PLUS on
                      31 December 2073.
                    Distributions declared during the current financial year by Goodman PLUS Trust to holders of hybrid securities were $20.1 million
                    (2015: $21.2 million), or 614.8 cents per unit (2015: 647.9 cents per unit).




                                                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                       137
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Other items continued
      18. Controlled entities
      Controlled entities are entities controlled by the Trust. The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities
      of all entities controlled by the Parent Entity as at 30 June 2016 and the results of all such entities for the year ended 30 June
      2016.
      Where an entity either began or ceased to be controlled during the year, the results for that entity are included only from/to the




For personal use only
      date control commenced or ceased.
      Unrealised gains and losses and inter-entity balances resulting from transactions with or between controlled entities are eliminated
      in full on consolidation.
      The significant controlled entities of GIT are set out below:
      Significant controlled entities                                                                 Country of incorporation/establishment
      Carter Street Trust                                                                                                           Australia
      GA Industrial Portfolio Trust                                                                                                 Australia
      GIT Investments Holding Trust No.3                                                                                            Australia
      Goodman Australia Finance Pty Limited                                                                                         Australia
      Goodman Capital Trust                                                                                                         Australia
      Goodman Europe Development Trust                                                                                              Australia
      Goodman Finance Australia Trust                                                                                               Australia
      Goodman Funding Pty Limited                                                                                                   Australia
      Goodman Hong Kong Investment Trust                                                                                            Australia
      Goodman Jersey Holdings Trust                                                                                                 Australia
      Goodman PLUS Trust                                                                                                            Australia
      Goodman Treasury Trust                                                                                                        Australia
      Goodman Ultimo Trust                                                                                                          Australia
      Homebush Subtrust                                                                                                             Australia
      IBC Trust                                                                                                                     Australia
      MGA Industrial Portfolio Trust                                                                                                Australia
      MIP Trust                                                                                                                     Australia
      MGI HK Finance                                                                                                         Cayman Islands
      Goodman Holdings (Jersey) Limited                                                                                               Jersey
      Goodman Finance (Jersey) Limited                                                                                                Jersey
      Goodman Property Holdings (Jersey) Limited                                                                                      Jersey
      Goodman Finance (Lux) Sàrl                                                                                                Luxembourg
      Goodman Finance Two (Lux) Sàrl                                                                                            Luxembourg
      Goodman Finance NZ Limited                                                                                               New Zealand
      Tarpon Properties REIT Inc                                                                                               United States

      Disposal of interests in controlled entities
      During the year, the Consolidated Entity disposed of its entire interest in:
      + Goodman Palmers Trust to GL for a nominal consideration which reflects its fair value; and
      + Goodman (Wynyard Precinct) Limited to a controlled entity of GL for net consideration of NZ$6.9 million.
      During the prior year, the Consolidated Entity disposed of its entire interest in ABPP Investment Jersey Limited, which in turn, held
      the Consolidated Entity’s entire interest in ABPP, to a controlled entity of GL. In addition, the Consolidated Entity disposed of its
      entire interest in five controlled entities to a third party for a net consideration of $225.1 million.
      The effect of the disposals on the statement of financial position of the Consolidated Entity is as follows:
             Consolidated
      		 2016             2015
      		$M                 $M
      Total assets		                                                                                                    89.4            527.1
      Total liabilities		                                                                                              (85.2)          (334.1)
      Net assets disposed, at fair value		                                                                               4.2            193.0
      Net consideration		                                                                                                6.3            225.1




      138                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Other items continued
                    19. Related party disclosures
                    Key management personnel disclosures
                    GIT does not employ personnel in its own right. However, it is required to have an incorporated responsible entity to manage
                    its activities and the Responsible Entity is considered to be the key management personnel of the Consolidated Entity.
                    Transactions with Responsible Entity




For personal use only
                    In accordance with GIT’s Constitution, the Responsible Entity is entitled to be reimbursed where expenses have been incurred
                    on behalf of GIT:
                           Consolidated
                    		 2016             2015
                    		$                    $
                    Reimbursement of expenses                                                                                                 20,734,606          10,422,084

                    As at 30 June 2016, no amounts were owed to the Responsible Entity (2015: $nil).
                    Goodman Group
                    Other Goodman Group entities perform a number of services for the Consolidated Entity. The fees, costs and expenses for the
                    services performed during the year were as follows:
                           Consolidated
                    		 2016             2015
                    		$                    $
                    Property services fees (including property management and leasing)                                                         4,338,200           3,612,329
                    Development management and project fees                                                                                    3,619,566           3,061,128
                    Building supervisor costs reimbursed                                                                                       1,001,481           1,035,983
                    Reimbursement of expenses                                                                                                 17,822,753           9,190,858
                                                                                                                                              26,782,000          16,900,298

                    In addition to the above, interest bearing loans exist between the Consolidated Entity and other Goodman Group entities. At
                    30 June 2016, interest bearing loans of $3,013.9 million (2015: $3,456.9 million) were receivable by the Consolidated Entity from
                    other Goodman Group entities and $23.5 million (2015: $16.6 million) were payable by the Consolidated Entity to other Goodman
                    Group entities. Loans to related Goodman Group entities bear interest at rates referenced to the Consolidated Entity’s external
                    funding arrangements.
                    Transactions with associates and JVs
                    Transactions between the Consolidated Entity and its partnerships during the year were as follows:
                                                                                                                   Revenue from                          Interest charged
                                                                                                                disposals of assets                          on loans
                                                                                                               2016            2015                    2016             2015
                                                                                                                $M               $M                     $M               $M
                    Associates                                                                                 19.5                44.0                   –                    –
                    JVs                                                                                           –                   –                 0.1                  0.4

                    Amounts due from partnerships at 30 June 2016 were as follows:
                                                                                                                   Amounts due                            Loans provided
                                                                                                                from related parties1                 by Consolidated Entity2
                                                                                                               2016             2015                  2016             2015
                                                                                                                 $M               $M                    $M               $M
                    Associates                                                                                  1.9                 2.1                    –                   –
                    JVs                                                                                         0.7                   –                    –                10.9
                  1. Amounts due from related parties were receivable within 30 days.
                  2. In the prior financial year, the principal loan balance related to a shareholder loan provided to GGGAIF Huntingwood East which incurred interest at
                     5.1% per annum.




                                                                          GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                   139
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Other items continued
      20. Commitments
      Investment properties
      At 30 June 2016, capital expenditure commitments on the Consolidated Entity’s existing investment property portfolio were
      $nil million (2015: $25.6 million).
      Partnerships




For personal use only
      At 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity had an equity commitment of $89.7 million (2015: $97.6 million) into GEP.
      In relation to GAIP and GEP, the Consolidated Entity offers limited liquidity facilities to investors, which allow the investors to sell
      to the Consolidated Entity some or all of their investment in the managed partnerships. Limits apply to these liquidity facilities and
      Goodman is only required to offer to purchase up to $7.5 million of the issued capital of GAIP each quarter and EUR 25 million
      of the issued capital of GEP each half year. Furthermore, the Consolidated Entity is only required to purchase units where its
      co-investment in GAIP or GEP is either below a prescribed limit or a maximum amount of liquidity has been provided. Currently,
      Goodman’s interest (together with its custodian’s interest) in GAIP and GEP is below the prescribed limit and both liquidity
      facilities are open for investors.
      21. Auditors’ remuneration
                                                                                                                                           Consolidated
                                                                                                                                       2016             2015
                                                                                                                                       $000             $000
      Audit services
      Auditor of GIT:
      – Audit and review of financial reports (KPMG Australia)                                                                       445.3               477.4
      – Audit and review of financial reports (overseas KPMG firms)                                                                  158.3               150.6
                                                                                                                                     603.6               628.0
      Other regulatory services
      – Other regulatory services (KPMG Australia)                                                                                     30.8                72.4
      Other assurance services
      – Property advisory services (KPMG Australia)                                                                                        –                8.9
      Taxation services
      – Taxation compliance services (overseas KPMG firms)                                                                            14.7                31.0
      – Other taxation advice (overseas KPMG firms)                                                                                   24.8                16.9
                                                                                                                                      70.3               129.2
      Total paid/payable to KPMG                                                                                                     673.9               757.2
      Other auditors
      – Audit and review of financial reports (non-KPMG firms)                                                                             –                   –

      22. Parent Entity disclosures
      The individual financial statements of the Parent Entity show the following aggregate amounts:
      		2015
        2016 Restated
         $M       $M
      Result of the Parent Entity
      Profit for the year                                                                                                            732.2                 12.7
      Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                                        732.2                 12.7
      Financial position of the Parent Entity at year end
      Current assets                                                                                                               1,638.4             1,507.3
      Total assets                                                                                                                 5,231.5             4,572.2
      Current liabilities                                                                                                            382.4               181.8
      Total liabilities                                                                                                              382.4               181.8
      Net assets                                                                                                                   4,849.1             4,390.4
      Total equity of the Parent Entity comprising of:
      Issued capital                                                                                                                7,249.7            7,131.4
      Reserves1                                                                                                                        80.7             (353.5)
      Accumulated losses                                                                                                           (2,481.3)          (2,387.5)
      Total equity                                                                                                                  4,849.1            4,390.4
    1. In prior periods, unrealised losses on impairment of investments in controlled entities were transferred from accumulated losses to the asset revaluation
       reserve. From 1 July 2015, the Parent Entity has amended its practice such that these unrealised losses are maintained in accumulated losses. As a result
       of the change in practice, $402.1 million included in the asset revaluation reserve at 1 July 2015 has been transferred back to accumulated losses.




      140                                                  GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Other items continued                                              Euro medium-term note programme
                    22. Parent Entity disclosures continued                            Under the Euro medium-term note programme (refer to note
                    Change in accounting policy                                        9(b)), Goodman Australia Finance Pty Limited, a controlled
                                                                                       entity of GIT, issued £250 million notes, maturing on 16 July
                    During the current financial year, the Parent Entity changed       2018, at a fixed coupon of 9.75% per annum. Goodman Funds
                    its accounting policy for investments in controlled entities.      Management Limited, as responsible entity of GIT, and GL and
                    Investments in controlled entities are now accounted for           GLHK have unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on a
                    at cost in the individual financial statements of the Parent




For personal use only
                                                                                       joint and several basis the payment of principal and interest in
                    Entity. Previously, investments in controlled entities were        respect of these Euro medium-term notes.
                    accounted for at fair value with gains or losses recognised
                    in other comprehensive income. The accounting policy was           United States senior notes
                    changed to achieve consistency with GL, the parent entity          Under the issue of notes in the United States 144A/Reg S bond
                    of Goodman Group.                                                  market (refer to note 9(c)), Goodman Funding Pty Limited, a
                    The following table summarises the impact of the change in         controlled entity of GIT, issued US$325.0 million, US$500.0
                    accounting policy on the financial statements of the Parent        million and US$500.0 million notes maturing on 12 November
                    Entity. The change in accounting policy had no impact on the       2020, 15 April 2021 and 22 March 2022 respectively. Goodman
                    financial statements of the Consolidated Entity.                   Funds Management Limited, as responsible entity of GIT, and
                                                                                       GL and GLHK have unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed
                                                      As     Impact of                 on a joint and several basis the payment of principal and
                                               previously    change in            As   interest in respect of the notes.
                                                reported    accounting      restated
                                                    2015        policy          2015   Goodman PLUS guarantee
                                                      $M           $M            $M
                                                                                       Goodman Funds Management Limited, as responsible entity
                    Results of the Parent Entity                                       of GIT, and GL and GLHK have unconditionally and irrevocably
                    Profit for the year            12.7              –         12.7    guaranteed on a joint and several basis the payment of the
                    Other comprehensive income 91.6              (91.6)           –    moneys owing to the holders of Goodman PLUS (refer to
                    Total comprehensive income                                         note 17) under the terms of issue and subscription terms for
                    for the year                  104.3          (91.6)        12.7    those securities.
                    Financial position of the                                          Stapling agreement with GL and GLHK
                    Parent Entity at year end
                                                                                       In accordance with the stapling agreement between GIT,
                    Current assets              1,507.3              –      1,507.3
                                                                                       GL and GLHK, on request each party (and its subsidiaries)
                    Total assets                4,729.2         (157.0)     4,572.2
                                                                                       must provide financial support to the other party (and its
                    Current liabilities           181.8              –        181.8
                                                                                       subsidiaries). The financial support to the other party (and its
                    Total liabilities             181.8              –        181.8
                                                                                       subsidiaries) may include:
                    Net assets                  4,547.4         (157.0)     4,390.4
                    Total equity of the Parent                                         + lending money or providing financial accommodation;
                    Entity comprising of:                                              + guaranteeing any loan or other financing facility including
                    Issued capital              7,131.4              –      7,131.4      providing any security;
                    Reserves                     (196.5)        (157.0)      (353.5)   + entering into any covenant, undertaking, restraint
                    Accumulated losses         (2,387.5)             –     (2,387.5)     or negative pledge on the obtaining of any financial
                    Total equity                4,547.4         (157.0)     4,390.4      accommodation or the provision of any guarantee
                                                                                         or security in connection with any financial
                    Parent Entity capital commitments                                    accommodation; and
                    The Parent Entity has no capital commitments (2015: $nil).         + entering into any joint borrowing or joint financial
                    Parent Entity contingencies                                          accommodation and providing any guarantee, security,
                                                                                         indemnities and undertakings in connection with the
                    Capitalisation Deed Poll                                             relevant joint borrowing or joint financial accommodation.
                    GIT, GL, GLHK and certain of their wholly-owned controlled         A party need not do anything under the above arrangements to
                    entities are investors under a Capitalisation Deed Poll (CDP)      the extent that the party considers that it is not in the interests
                    dated 23 May 2007. Under the CDP, each investor undertakes         of Goodman Group Securityholders as a whole, or would
                    to pay to the relevant controlled entity borrower (borrower)       cause a member of the party’s group to contravene or breach
                    any amounts owing under the CDP when the borrower fails to         applicable laws or particular finance arrangements.
                    make a payment. Any payments by an investor to a borrower
                    will be by way of loan to, or proceeds for the subscription of     23. Events subsequent to balance date
                    equity in, the borrower by the investor. As at 30 June 2016, the   In the opinion of the Directors, there were no events
                    Consolidated Entity had A$176.4 million (2015: A$227.0 million)    subsequent to balance date, and up to the date of signature of
                    of debt which had the benefit of the CDP.                          the consolidated financial report, that would require adjustment
                                                                                       or disclosure in the consolidated financial report.




                                                                  GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                        141
      DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION
      GOODMAN INDUSTRIAL TRUST AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES



      In the opinion of the directors of Goodman Funds Management Limited, the responsible entity for Goodman Industrial Trust (Trust):
      (a)	the consolidated financial statements and the notes that are set out on pages 106 to 141, are in accordance with the
           Corporations Act 2001, including:
            (i)	giving a true and fair view of the Consolidated Entity’s financial position as at 30 June 2016 and of its performance for the
                 financial year ended on that date; and
            (ii)	complying with Australian Accounting Standards (including Australian Accounting Interpretations) and the Corporations




For personal use only
                  Regulations 2001; and
      (b) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Trust will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable.
      The directors of the Responsible Entity have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001
      from the Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2016.
      The directors of the Responsible Entity draw attention to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, which includes a statement
      of compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards.
      Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors of the Responsible Entity.




      Ian Ferrier, AM                                      Gregory Goodman
      Independent Chairman                                 Group Chief Executive Officer
      Sydney, 11 August 2016




      142                                              GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                    TO THE UNITHOLDERS OF GOODMAN INDUSTRIAL TRUST




                    We have audited the accompanying consolidated financial                                                            We performed the procedures to assess whether in all material
                    report of Goodman Industrial Trust (the Trust), which comprises                                                    respects the consolidated financial report presents fairly, in
                    the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June                                                     accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 and Australian
                    2016, and consolidated income statement and consolidated                                                           Accounting Standards, a true and fair view which is consistent




For personal use only
                    statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement                                                          with our understanding of the Consolidated Entity’s financial
                    of changes in equity and consolidated cash flow statement                                                          position and of its performance.
                    for the year ended on that date, notes 1 to 23 comprising
                    a summary of significant accounting policies and other                                                             We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
                    explanatory information and the directors’ declaration of the                                                      sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit
                    Consolidated Entity comprising the Trust and the entities it                                                       opinion.
                    controlled at the year’s end or from time to time during the                                                       Independence
                    financial year.                                                                                                    In conducting our audit, we have complied with the
                    Directors’ responsibility for the consolidated                                                                     independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001.
                    financial report                                                                                                   Auditor’s opinion
                    The directors of Goodman Funds Management Limited (the                                                             In our opinion:
                    Responsible Entity) are responsible for the preparation of the
                    consolidated financial report that gives a true and fair view                                                      (a)	the consolidated financial report of Goodman Industrial
                    in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the                                                              Trust is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001,
                    Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control as the                                                              including:
                    directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation
                                                                                                                                          (i)	giving a true and fair view of the Consolidated Entity’s
                    of the consolidated financial report that is free from material
                                                                                                                                               financial position as at 30 June 2016 and of its
                    misstatement whether due to fraud or error. In note 1, the
                                                                                                                                               performance for the year ended on that date; and
                    directors also state, in accordance with Australian Accounting
                    Standard AASB 101 Presentation of Financial Statements, that                                                          (ii)	complying with Australian Accounting Standards and
                    the financial statements of the Consolidated Entity comply with                                                             the Corporations Regulations 2001.
                    International Financial Reporting Standards.
                                                                                                                                       (b)	the consolidated financial report also complies with
                    Auditor’s responsibility                                                                                                International Financial Reporting Standards as disclosed in
                    Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the consolidated                                                         note 1.
                    financial report based on our audit. We conducted our audit
                    in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. These
                    Auditing Standards require that we comply with relevant ethical
                    requirements relating to audit engagements and plan and
                    perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance whether the
                    consolidated financial report is free from material misstatement.
                    An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit                                                            KPMG
                    evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the
                    consolidated financial report. The procedures selected depend
                    on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment of the
                    risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
                    report, whether due to fraud or error. In making those risk
                    assessments, the auditor considers internal control relevant to
                    the entity’s preparation of the consolidated financial report that
                    gives a true and fair view in order to design audit procedures
                    that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the
                                                                                                                                       John Teer                          Eileen Hoggett
                    purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
                                                                                                                                       Partner                            Partner
                    the entity’s internal control. An audit also includes evaluating
                    the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the                                                            Sydney, 11 August 2016             Sydney, 11 August 2016
                    reasonableness of accounting estimates made by the
                    directors, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
                    consolidated financial report.




                    KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG
                    network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG            Liability limited by a scheme approved under
                    International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.   Professional Standards Legislation.




                                                                                                GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                          143
      GOODMAN LOGISTICS (HK) LIMITED
      CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016




      Contents                                                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      Report of the directors                                   145   Basis of preparation
      Consolidated statement of financial position              149    1 Basis of preparation                            153
      Consolidated statement of comprehensive income            150   Results for the year
      Consolidated statement of changes in equity               151    2 Profit before interest and tax                  155




For personal use only
                                                                       3 Segment reporting                               156
      Consolidated cash flow statement                          152
                                                                       4 Income tax expense                              158
                                                                       5 Profit attributable to equity shareholders
                                                                         of the Company                                  159
                                                                      Operating assets and liabilities
                                                                       6 Property assets                                 159
                                                                       7 Receivables                                     164
                                                                       8 Payables                                        165
                                                                      Capital management
                                                                       9 Finance income and expense                      165
                                                                      10 Other financial assets                          166
                                                                      11 Financial risk management                       166
                                                                      12 Dividends                                       168
                                                                      13 Share capital                                   169
                                                                      Other items
                                                                      14 Notes to the consolidated cash flow statement   171
                                                                      15 Reserves                                        172
                                                                      16 Retained earnings                               172
                                                                      17 Investments in subsidiaries                     173
                                                                      18 Related party transactions                      173
                                                                      19 Commitments                                     175
                                                                      20 Contingencies                                   175
                                                                      21 Company level statement of financial position   176
                                                                      22 Subsequent events                               176
                                                                      Independent auditor’s report                       177




      144                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                    The directors have pleasure in submitting their annual                State of affairs
                    financial report together with the audited financial statements       On 7 August 2015, the Consolidated Entity and two other
                    of Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited (the Company) and its               partners established Goodman UK Partnership (GUKP), a
                    subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Consolidated Entity)    joint venture (JV) in the United Kingdom. GUKP was launched
                    for the year ended 30 June 2016.                                      through the acquisition of two properties from Goodman
                    Incorporation and principal place of business                         Group. The Consolidated Entity holds a 33.3% interest in
                                                                                          the JV.
                    Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited was incorporated in Hong




For personal use only
                    Kong on 18 January 2012 and has its principal place of                There were no other significant changes in the Consolidated
                    business at Suite 901, Three Pacific Place, 1 Queen’s Road            Entity’s state of affairs during the year.
                    East, Hong Kong.
                                                                                          Business review
                    On 22 August 2012, the Company became a party to the                  Goodman Group’s strategy
                    stapling deed with Goodman Limited (GL) and Goodman
                    Industrial Trust (GIT), and together the three entities and their     Goodman Group’s vision is to be a global leader in
                    subsidiaries are known as Goodman Group. Goodman Group                industrial property.
                    is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).                This vision is executed through the integrated
                    Principal activities                                                  own+develop+manage business model which is supported
                                                                                          by five strategic pillars. These pillars are:
                    The principal activities of the Consolidated Entity are
                    investment in directly and indirectly held industrial property,       + Quality partnerships – develop and maintain strong
                    fund management, property management services and                       relationships with key stakeholders including customers,
                    development management. The principal activities and other              capital partners, suppliers and employees;
                    particulars of the subsidiaries are set out in note 17 to the         + Quality product and service – deliver high quality product
                    financial statements.                                                   and customer service in key logistics markets globally by
                                                                                            actively leveraging Goodman Group’s industrial sector
                    Financial statements                                                    expertise, development and management experience
                    The financial performance of the Consolidated Entity for                and global operating platform;
                    the year ended 30 June 2016 and the Consolidated Entity’s             + Culture and brand – promote Goodman Group’s unique
                    financial position at that date are set out in the financial report     and recognisable brand and embed Goodman Group’s
                    on pages 149 to 176.                                                    core values across each operating division to foster a
                                                                                            strong and consistent culture;
                    No dividends were declared during the year. On 11 August              + Operational efficiency – optimise business resources to
                    2016, the Company proposed a dividend of $0.01 per                      ensure effectiveness and drive efficiencies; and
                    share amounting to $17.8 million which will be paid on                + Capital efficiency – maintain active capital management
                    26 August 2016.                                                         to facilitate appropriate returns and sustainability of
                    Share capital                                                           the business.
                    Details of the movements in share capital of the Company              Performance review
                    during the year are set out in note 13 to the financial               The key performance indicators relate to the investment,
                    statements.                                                           development and management activities associated with
                    Directors                                                             Goodman Group’s integrated business model. These income
                    The directors during the year and up to the date of this              streams exist within each of Goodman Group’s geographical
                    report were:                                                          segments, being Australia and New Zealand, Asia, Continental
                                                                                          Europe, the United Kingdom and the Americas. The results
                    Philip Yan Hok Fan                                                    of the Consolidated Entity include investment, development
                    Ian Douglas Ferrier                                                   and management earnings in Asia, Continental Europe and
                    Gregory Leith Goodman                                                 United Kingdom.
                    Philip John Pearce (resigned on 12 July 2016)
                                                                                                                                       Consolidated
                    Directors of controlled entities                                                                                2016            2015
                    The names of directors who have served on the boards of                                                          $M              $M
                    the controlled entities of the Company during the year ended          Analysis of operating earnings
                    30 June 2016 are set out below:                                       Investment                                30.5           24.9
                                                                                          Development                              179.1           95.1
                    Godfrey Abel           David Anthony           Dominique Prince       Management                                46.8           37.4
                    Philippe Arfi          Hinchey                 Guillermo Ravell       Operating earnings before net finance
                    Shairah Begum          Wei Huang               Anthony Rozic          expense and income tax expense
                    Binti Kadar Bashah     Henry Kelly             Hong Shen              (operating EBIT)                         256.4          157.4
                    Richard Thomas         Nick Kurtis             Stefanie Yuen Thio
                    Brooks                                                                Operating earnings comprises profit attributable to
                                           Chee Seong Lee          Titia Geertruida van   Shareholders adjusted for property valuations, impairment
                    Tai Yit Chan           Wai Ho Stephen          Beek                   losses and other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring items.
                    Edwin Chong Chee       Lee                     Philippe Van der       While operating earnings is not an income measure under Hong
                    Wai                    Shiling Li              Beken                  Kong Financial Reporting Standards, the Directors consider
                    Blazej Andrzej         Bart Manteleers         Emmanuel Van Der       it a useful means through which to examine the underlying
                    Ciesielczak                                    Stichele               performance of the Consolidated Entity.
                                           John Morton Dakin
                    Kim Cornille                                   Simone Marlene
                                           Tan Ai Ning
                    Karl Dockx                                     Weyermanns
                                           Jan Palek
                    Kristoffer Allan                               Jie Yang
                    Harvey                 Danny Peeters
                                                                   Xiaoyin Zhang
                                           Christof Prange

                                                                     GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                   145
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
      CONTINUED



      Investment activities                                                  Management earnings comprise fund management and
                                                  2016            2015       property services fees. The key drivers for maintaining or
      Investment                                   $M              $M        growing management earnings are increasing the level of AUM
      Direct                                       8.1              9.9      which can be impacted by property valuations and which are
      Managed partnerships                        22.4             15.0      also dependent on the continued availability of third party
      Operating EBIT                              30.5             24.9      capital to fund both development activity and acquisitions
                                                                             across Goodman Group’s managed partnerships.




For personal use only
      Key metrics                                 2016            2015       Management activities contributed $46.8 million of EBIT, an
      Weighted average capitalisation rate (%)     7.3              8.1      increase of $9.4 million compared with the prior financial year.
      Weighted average lease expiry (years)        4.7              4.5      This increase is driven by the growth in AUM and transaction
      Occupancy (%)                               93.0             97.0      activity in Goodman Group’s managed partnerships in Greater
                                                                             China and Continental Europe.
      Investment earnings comprise direct property income from
      investment properties, completed developments held for                 Goodman Group’s managed partnerships remain well
      sale and the Consolidated Entity’s share of the results of             supported by global investor groups, endorsing Goodman
      JVs (referred to by the Consolidated Entity as managed                 Group’s contemporary investment management approach and
      partnerships).                                                         independent governance structures. The Consolidated Entity is
                                                                             prudently managing capital on behalf of investment partners to
      Direct property income decreased from the prior year due to
                                                                             access high quality growth opportunities not typically available
      the disposal of income producing development assets held for
                                                                             in the market.
      sale. The Consolidated Entity’s higher cornerstone investment
      in partnerships has resulted in a corresponding increase in the        Statement of financial position
      share of net results of managed partnerships, with the main                                                       2016             2015
      contributor being Goodman China Logistics Partnership.                                                             $M               $M

      Development activities                                                 Stabilised investment properties            25.3            30.8
                                                  2016            2015       Cornerstone investments in
      Development                                  $M              $M        managed partnerships                      629.5           453.4
                                                                             Development holdings                      407.0           653.8
      Net revenue                                203.8           113.4
                                                                             Cash                                       67.3            92.3
      Operating EBIT                             179.1            95.1       Other assets                              365.4           219.4
      Key metrics                                 2016            2015       Total assets                            1,494.5         1,449.7
      Work in progress ($ billion)                 1.4              1.1      Loans from related parties                842.7         1,044.5
      Work in progress (million square metres)     1.4              1.4      Other liabilities                         153.2            91.3
      Work in progress (number of                                            Total liabilities                         995.9         1,135.8
      developments)                                 41              33       Non-controlling interests                  18.1            10.5
      Developments completed during
                                                                             Net assets attributable
      the year (number of developments)             40              29
                                                                             to Shareholders                           480.5           303.4
      Development earnings comprise development income
                                                                             The value of cornerstone investments in managed partnerships
      (including development management fees) net of expenses
                                                                             has increased by $176.1 million to $629.5 million, of which
      and income from sales of properties (primarily inventories but
                                                                             $129.0 million was due to acquisitions and $21.1 million was
      also including disposals of special purpose entities in certain
                                                                             a result of movement in foreign currencies. A new partnership,
      jurisdictions). The key drivers for maintaining or growing the
                                                                             GUKP, was established in the United Kingdom and investment
      Consolidated Entity’s development earnings are maintaining
                                                                             has grown in Greater China and Japan as the Consolidated
      both the level of development activity and development
                                                                             Entity continues its development led investment strategy.
      margins and the continued availability of third party capital to
      fund development activity.                                             The Consolidated Entity has decreased its development
                                                                             holdings by $246.8 million to $407.0 million. This is primarily
      The Consolidated Entity’s development business performed
                                                                             due to the transfer of development assets to Goodman China
      strongly during the year, contributing $179.1 million of
                                                                             Logistics Partnership during the year, partially offset by the
      operating EBIT, an increase of $84.0 million compared with
                                                                             increased development activity in Continental Europe.
      the prior financial year with Continental Europe being the main
      driver of the increase. Customer demand continues to be high           Loans from related parties were $842.7 million compared to
      for modern, well-located logistics space designed to achieve           $1,044.5 million at 30 June 2015, a decrease of $201.8 million.
      greater operating efficiencies and returns. A key feature of this      The decrease is primarily due to the repayment of loans using
      robust customer demand in Greater China and Continental                proceeds from operating activities. The increase in other assets
      Europe is the realisation of cross-border opportunities with           is mainly due to receivables from the sale of development
      global customers and the ability to provide recurring solutions        projects in the current year.
      to meet their needs.
                                                                             Cash flow
      Management activities                                                                                             2016             2015
                                                  2016            2015                                                   $M               $M
      Management                                   $M              $M        Operating cash flows                       358.6           105.5
      Management income                           95.1             75.1      Investing cash flows                      (116.2)         (101.7)
      Operating EBIT                              46.8             37.4      Financing cash flows                      (271.6)           (20.8)
                                                                             Net decrease in cash held                  (29.2)          (17.0)
      Key metrics                                 2016            2015
                                                                             Effect of exchange rate fluctuations
      Number of managed vehicles                     8                   7   on cash held                                 4.2            16.7
      External assets under management                                       Cash at the end of the year                 67.3            92.3
      (AUM) (end of period) ($ billion)           12.3             10.3


      146                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating cash flows improved relative to the prior year                Further information as to other likely developments in the
                    driven by the higher volume of development activity in                  operations of the Consolidated Entity and the expected results
                    Greater China and Continental Europe. The proceeds from                 of those operations in future financial years has not been
                    operating cash flows were used primarily to fund investment             included in this report of the directors because disclosure of the
                    in managed partnerships and repay debt to related parties in            information would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice
                    Goodman Group.                                                          to the Consolidated Entity.
                    Outlook                                                                 Risks




For personal use only
                    Asset pricing continues to be driven by investor demand for             Goodman Group identifies operational risks for each of its
                    yield assets and with economies globally experiencing low               divisions as part of its strategy process. The key risks, an
                    inflation and low growth, it is likely that rental growth will be       assessment of their likelihood of occurrence and consequences
                    modest and development activities will continue to provide              and controls that are in place to mitigate the risks are reported
                    the best risk adjusted returns for the Consolidated Entity. The         to the Goodman Group Board annually.
                    Consolidated Entity will continue to identify opportunities to
                    rotate capital in order to improve the overall quality of the           Goodman Group has established formal systems and
                    Consolidated Entity’s property portfolios.                              processes in order that the risks are managed at each stage
                                                                                            of its decision making process. This is facilitated by a Group
                    Goodman Group’s capital partners continue to support                    Investment Committee comprising senior executives, chaired
                    the global platform and it is expected that the majority of             by the Group Chief Executive Officer, which considers all major
                    developments will continue to be pre-sold to managed                    operational decisions and transactions. The Group Investment
                    partnerships. The Consolidated Entity’s AUM are expected                Committee meets on a weekly basis.
                    to increase, notwithstanding potential asset disposals, as a
                    result of the continued investment in development across the            The Board of Goodman Group also has in place a Risk and
                    managed platform and investor demand further increasing                 Compliance Committee to review and monitor all material risks
                    asset values.                                                           in Goodman Group’s risk management systems, including
                                                                                            sustainability risks, work, health and safety, market risks and
                                                                                            operational risks.
                    The key risks faced by the Consolidated Entity and the controls that have been established to manage those risks are set out below:

                                               Risk area                                Mitigation
                    Capital management         Availability of capital from             + Prudent capital management with cash flow requirements,
                                               investors and financial institutions        gearing and available liquidity reviewed monthly and reported
                                               supports the sustainability of              to the Board
                                               the business                             + Diversification of debt funding sources and maturities
                                                                                        + Diversification of capital partners
                    Economic environment Uncertainty regarding global                   + Global diversification of Goodman Group’s property portfolios
                                         growth and volatility of global                + Focus on core property portfolios in key gateway locations
                                         financial markets creates                      + Focus on cost management
                                         a challenging operating                        + Prudent capital management with low gearing and significant
                                         environment                                       available liquidity to allow for potential market shocks
                    Governance, regulation Changes to the regulatory                    + Embedded compliance culture within Goodman Group focused
                    and compliance         environments (including tax)                    on best practice
                                           impact Goodman Group’s                       + Dedicated compliance officers
                                           business                                     + Review of transactions by the Group Investment Committee
                                                                                        + Independent risk and compliance committee
                    Development                Development volumes and                  + Review of development projects by the Group Investment
                                               returns need to be maintained               Committee
                                               to support short-term growth             + Ongoing monitoring and reporting of work in progress and levels
                                                                                           of speculative development, with Board oversight
                    Asset management           Leasing risk exposures can               + Review of significant leasing transactions and development
                    and leasing                reduce returns from Goodman                 projects by the Group Investment Committee
                                               Group’s portfolios
                    Investment                 Relationships with capital               + Standardised governance structures for managed partnerships
                    management                 partners underpin Goodman                + Independent governance structures for managed partnerships
                                               Group’s management activities
                    People                     The executive management                 + Succession planning for senior executives
                                               team supports the sustainability         + Competitive remuneration structures
                                               of the business                          + Performance management and review
                    Information and            Technology is a major component          + Ongoing monitoring and reporting of security risks to IT Security
                    data security              in operations and supports                  Council, with Risk and Compliance Committee oversight
                                               sustainability and growth                + Disaster recovery and business continuity planning and testing

                    Environmental regulations
                    The Consolidated Entity has policies and procedures in place that are designed to ensure that, where operations are subject to
                    any particular and significant environmental regulation under the laws of the countries the Consolidated Entity operates in, those
                    obligations are identified and appropriately addressed. The directors have determined that the Consolidated Entity has complied
                    with those obligations during the financial year and that there has not been any material breach.


                                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                       147
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
      CONTINUED



      Disclosure in respect of any indemnification of directors
      A permitted indemnity provision (as defined in section 469 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance) for the benefit of the directors
      of the Company is currently in force and was in force throughout this year.
      Directors’ interests in contracts
      No contract of significance in relation to the Consolidated Entity’s business to which the Company, its subsidiaries or any of its
      fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which the directors of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,




For personal use only
      subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.
      Directors’ interest in shares
      At the end of the year, the directors held the following interests in the stapled securities of Goodman Group, which are listed on
      the ASX:
                                                                                                             Direct            Indirect
      Directors                                                                                           securities         securities              Total
      Mr Philip Yan Hok Fan                                                                                 72,958                  –            72,958
      Mr Ian Douglas Ferrier                                                                               175,912                  –           175,912
      Mr Gregory Leith Goodman                                                                               7,674         37,976,923        37,984,597
      Mr Philip John Pearce                                                                                225,000                  –           225,000

      In addition, Mr Gregory Leith Goodman and Mr Philip John Pearce participate in the Goodman Group Long Term Incentive Plan
      under which they hold performance rights. Performance rights entitle participants to receive Goodman Group stapled securities
      without the payment of consideration, subject to Goodman Group satisfying performance criteria and the participants remaining
      employees of Goodman Group.
      As at 30 June 2016, Mr Gregory Leith Goodman and Mr Philip John Pearce held the following performance rights:
                                   Number of           Number of         Number of        Number of          Number of
                                 performance         performance      performance       performance        performance               Date        Financial
                            rights at the start    rights granted     rights vested   rights forfeited rights at the end     performance    years in which
      Executive Directors          of the year    during the year   during the year   during the year        of the year   rights granted      grant vests
      Mr Gregory Leith                    –          2,000,000                   –                  –       2,000,000        25 Nov 15      2019 – 2021
      Goodman                       995,476                                      –                  –         995,476        20 Nov 14      2018 – 2020
                                    947,368                  –                   –                  –         947,368        22 Nov 13      2017 – 2019
                                    927,152                  –           (309,050)                  –         618,102        16 Nov 12      2016 – 2018
                                    650,067                  –           (325,034)                  –         325,033        25 Nov 11      2015 – 2017
                                    243,590                  –           (243,590)                  –               –         1 Feb 11      2014 – 2016
      Mr Philip John                      –            450,000                   –                  –         450,000        25 Nov 15      2019 – 2021
      Pearce                        497,738                                      –                  –         497,738        20 Nov 14      2018 – 2020
                                    394,737                    –                 –                  –         394,737        22 Nov 13      2017 – 2019
                                    298,013                    –           (99,337)                 –         198,676        16 Nov 12      2016 – 2018
                                    132,668                    –           (66,335)                 –          66,333        30 Sep 11      2015 – 2017
                                     51,282                    –           (51,282)                 –               –         1 Feb 11      2014 – 2016
      Apart from the above, at no time during the year was the Company, its subsidiaries or any of its fellow subsidiaries a party to any
      arrangement to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures
      of the Company or any other related body corporate.
      Auditors
      KPMG retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution for the re-appointment of KPMG as auditors
      of the Company is to be proposed at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
      Subsequent events
      On 11 August 2016, the Company proposed a dividend of $0.01 per share amounting to $17.8 million which will be paid on
      26 August 2016.
      In the opinion of the directors, other than the declaration of the dividends, there were no events subsequent to the reporting
      date, and up to the date of signature of these financial statements, which would require adjustment to or disclosure in the
      financial statements.
      Declaration by the Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
      The directors have been given declarations equivalent to those required of listed Australian companies by section 295A of the
      Corporations Act 2001 from the Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the year ended 30 June 2016.
      By order of the board




      Ian Douglas Ferrier, AM                 Philip Yan Hok Fan
      Independent Chairman                    Independent Director
      Sydney, 11 August 2016



      148                                                GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                    AS AT 30 JUNE 2016
                    (EXPRESSED IN AUSTRALIAN DOLLARS)


                    		 2016                                                                               2015
                      Note $M                                                                              $M
                    Current assets
                    Cash                                              14(a)    67.3     92.3
                    Receivables                                          7    303.3    163.4
                    Inventories                                        6(b)   125.9     18.4
                    Current tax receivables                            4(c)     0.2      1.4




For personal use only
                    Other assets		                                              2.4      2.5
                    Total current assets		                                    499.1    278.0
                    Non-current assets
                    Receivables                                          7     26.6     25.4
                    Inventories                                        6(b)   261.2    613.5
                    Investment properties                              6(b)    45.2     52.7
                    Investments accounted for using the equity method  6(b)   629.5    453.4
                    Other financial assets                              10     16.6     18.3
                    Plant and equipment		                                       7.6      6.9
                    Other assets		                                              8.7      1.5
                    Total non-current assets		                                995.4  1,171.7
                    Total assets		                                          1,494.5  1,449.7
                    Current liabilities
                    Payables                                             8    106.2     57.5
                    Loans from related parties                        18(c)   832.7  1,044.5
                    Current tax payables                               4(c)    15.3      6.9
                    Employee benefits		                                        21.6     19.2
                    Total current liabilities		                               975.8  1,128.1
                    Non-current liabilities
                    Payables                                             8      6.7      4.9
                    Loans from related parties                        18(c)    10.0        –
                    Deferred tax liabilities                           4(d)     0.1        –
                    Employee benefits		                                         0.7        –
                    Provisions		                                                2.6      2.8
                    Total non-current liabilities		                            20.1      7.7
                    Total liabilities		                                       995.9  1,135.8
                    Net assets		                                              498.6    313.9
                    Equity attributable to Shareholders
                    Share capital                                     13(a)   650.8    631.9
                    Reserves                                            15   (526.1)  (514.8)
                    Retained earnings                                   16    355.8    186.3
                    Total equity attributable to Shareholders		               480.5    303.4
                    Non-controlling interests		                                18.1     10.5
                    Total equity		                                            498.6    313.9

                    The notes on pages 153 to 176 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                    Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 11 August 2016




                    		
                    Ian Douglas Ferrier, AM Philip Yan Hok Fan
                    Independent Chairman    Director




                                                                GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016           149
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016
      (EXPRESSED IN AUSTRALIAN DOLLARS)


      		 2016                                                                               2015
        Note $M                                                                              $M
      Revenue
      Gross property income		                                                    14.0      14.4
      Management income		                                                        95.1      75.1
      Development income                                                  2    913.0     402.3
      Dividends/distributions from investments		                                   8.5       8.0




For personal use only
      		                                                                     1,030.6     499.8
      Property and development expenses
      Property expenses		                                                         (5.9)     (4.5)
      Development expenses                                                2   (717.7)   (296.9)
      		                                                                      (723.6)   (301.4)
      Other (losses)/income
      Net loss from fair value adjustments on investment properties     6(e)      (9.0)   (18.8)
      Net loss on disposal of investment properties		                                –      (0.7)
      Share of net results of equity accounted investments              6(f)     66.2      25.2
      		                                                                         57.2        5.7
      Other expenses
      Employee expenses		                                                       (66.1)    (47.5)
      Share based payments expense		                                            (22.2)    (16.8)
      Administrative and other expenses		                                       (27.1)    (22.8)
      Impairment losses                                                   2     (16.8)      (1.2)
      		                                                                      (132.2)    (88.3)
      Profit before interest and income tax                               2    232.0     115.8
      Net finance income/(expense)
      Finance income                                                      9        0.6       3.3
      Finance expense                                                     9     (26.2)    (23.8)
      Net finance expense		                                                    (25.6)    (20.5)
      Profit before income tax		                                               206.4       95.3
      Income tax expense                                                  4     (25.5)      (8.2)
      Profit for the year		                                                    180.9       87.1
      Profit for the year attributable to:
      Shareholders                                                      16     174.1       84.8
      Non-controlling interests		                                                  6.8       2.3
      Profit for the year		                                                    180.9       87.1
      Other comprehensive income
      Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
      (Decrease)/increase due to revaluation of other financial assets		          (5.3)      6.1
      Effect of foreign currency translation		                                  (14.8)     23.2
      Other comprehensive income for the year		                                (20.1)      29.3
      Total comprehensive income for the year		                                160.8     116.4
      Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
      Shareholders		                                                           153.8     114.1
      Non-controlling interests		                                                  7.0       2.3
      Total comprehensive income for the year		                                160.8     116.4

      The notes on pages 153 to 176 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




      150                                         GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016
                    (EXPRESSED IN AUSTRALIAN DOLLARS)


                    Year ended 30 June 2015                                     Attributable to Shareholders
                                                                                                                                     Non-
                                                                                       Share                   Retained         controlling     Total
                                                                                      capital   Reserves       earnings    Total interests     equity
                                                                              Note       $M          $M              $M      $M         $M        $M
                    Balance at 1 July 2014                                             614.6      (540.3)         94.2     168.5        8.2    176.7
                    Total comprehensive income




For personal use only
                    for the year
                    Profit for the year                                         16          –          –          84.8      84.8        2.3     87.1
                    Other comprehensive income for the year                                 –       29.3             –      29.3          –     29.3
                    Total comprehensive income for the year,
                    net of income tax                                                       –       29.3          84.8     114.1        2.3    116.4
                    Transfers                                                               –        (7.3)         7.3         –          –        –
                    Contributions by and distributions to owners
                    – Issue of shares under Goodman Group’s
                       distribution reinvestment plan (DRP)                   13(a)     11.2           –             –      11.2          –     11.2
                    – Issue of shares to employees of Goodman Group          13(a)      6.1           –             –       6.1          –      6.1
                    – Equity settled share based payments transactions       15(c)        –         3.5             –       3.5          –      3.5
                    Balance at 30 June 2015                                            631.9      (514.8)        186.3     303.4       10.5    313.9


                    Year ended 30 June 2016                                     Attributable to Shareholders
                                                                                                                                      Non-
                                                                                       Share                   Retained          controlling    Total
                                                                                      capital   Reserves       earnings     Total interests    equity
                                                                              Note       $M          $M              $M       $M         $M       $M
                    Balance at 1 July 2015                                             631.9      (514.8)        186.3     303.4       10.5    313.9
                    Total comprehensive income for the year
                    Profit for the year                                         16          –           –        174.1     174.1        6.8    180.9
                    Other comprehensive income for the year                                 –       (20.3)           –      (20.3)      0.2     (20.1)
                    Total comprehensive income for the year,
                    net of income tax                                                       –       (20.3)       174.1     153.8        7.0    160.8
                    Transfers                                                               –         4.6          (4.6)       –          –        –
                    Contributions by and distributions to owners
                    – Issue of shares under Goodman Group’s DRP               13(a)      11.5           –            –      11.5          –     11.5
                    – Issue of shares to employees of Goodman Group           13(a)       7.4           –            –       7.4          –      7.4
                    – Acquisition of additional equity in non–controlling                  –           –            –         –        0.6      0.6
                       interests
                    – Equity settled share based payment transactions         15(c)        –         4.4             –       4.4          –      4.4
                    Balance at 30 June 2016                                            650.8      (526.1)        355.8     480.5       18.1    498.6

                    The notes on pages 153 to 176 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                             151
      CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2016
      (EXPRESSED IN AUSTRALIAN DOLLARS)


      		 2016                                                                                              2015
        Note $M                                                                                             $M
      Cash flows from operating activities
      Property income received		                                                                16.3        14.7
      Cash receipts from development activities		                                           1,028.9       658.0
      Other cash receipts from services provided		                                              97.1        76.9
      Property expenses paid		                                                                   (5.0)       (4.6)




For personal use only
      Payments for development activities		                                                  (694.3)     (554.4)
      Other cash payments in the course of operations		                                        (86.2)      (77.2)
      Dividends/distributions received		                                                        18.1        12.7
      Interest received		                                                                           –         0.2
      Finance costs paid		                                                                       (0.5)          –
      Net income taxes paid		                                                                  (15.8)      (20.8)
      Net cash provided by operating activities          14(b)                                358.6       105.5
      Cash flows from investing activities
      Proceeds from disposal of investment properties		                                            –         3.6
      Payments for investment properties		                                                      (0.5)       (6.2)
      Capital return from equity investments		                                                 16.9        15.9
      Payments for equity investments		                                                      (129.0)     (113.2)
      Payments for plant and equipment		                                                        (3.6)       (1.8)
      Net cash used in investing activities		                                                (116.2)     (101.7)
      Cash flows from financing activities
      Net payment of loans with related parties		                                            (271.6)      (20.8)
      Net cash used in financing activities		                                                (271.6)      (20.8)
      Net decrease in cash held		                                                              (29.2)     (17.0)
      Cash at the beginning of the year		                                                       92.3       92.6
      Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held		                                        4.2       16.7
      Cash at the end of the year                        14(a)                                  67.3       92.3

      The notes on pages 153 to 176 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




      152                                         GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                    Basis of preparation                                                  (c) Principles of consolidation
                    1. Basis of preparation                                               Subsidiaries
                    (a) Statement of compliance                                           Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. The
                    These financial statements have been prepared in accordance           Company controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights,
                    with all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards           to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has
                    (HKFRSs), which collective term includes all applicable               the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
                    individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong              entity. When assessing whether the Company has power, only




For personal use only
                    Kong Accounting Standards (HKASs) and Interpretations                 substantive rights (held by the Company and other parties)
                    issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public                 are considered.
                    Accountants (HKICPA) and accounting principles generally              An investment in a controlled entity is consolidated into the
                    accepted in Hong Kong. These financial statements also                consolidated financial statements from the date that control
                    comply with the applicable requirements of the Hong Kong              commences until the date that control ceases. When an entity
                    Companies Ordinance.                                                  ceases to be controlled by the Company, it is accounted
                    (b) Basis of preparation of the consolidated                          for as a disposal of the entire interest in the entity, with a
                    financial statements                                                  resulting gain or loss being recognised in the statement of
                                                                                          comprehensive income.
                    The measurement basis used in the preparation of the
                    consolidated financial statements is the historical cost basis        In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment
                    except for investment properties and other financial assets           in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses.
                    which are stated at fair value.
                                                                                          Accounting for acquisitions of non-controlling interests
                    As at 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity had net current           Acquisitions of non-controlling interests are accounted for as
                    liabilities of $476.7 million. In accordance with the stapling        transactions with equity holders in their capacity as equity
                    agreement between the Company, Goodman Limited (GL) and               holders and therefore no gain or loss and no goodwill is
                    Goodman Funds Management Limited as responsible entity for            recognised as a result of such transactions.
                    Goodman Industrial Trust (GIT), on request, each party (and its
                    subsidiaries) must provide financial support to the other party       Joint ventures
                    (and its subsidiaries). The financial support to the other party      A joint venture (JV) is an arrangement (referred to by the
                    (and its subsidiaries) may include:                                   Consolidated Entity as a managed partnership) in which the
                    + lending money or providing financial accommodation;                 Consolidated Entity has joint control, whereby the Consolidated
                    + guaranteeing any loan or other financing facility including         Entity has rights to the net assets of the arrangement, rather
                      providing any security;                                             than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities. In
                    + entering into any covenant, undertaking, restraint, negative        the consolidated financial statements, investments in JVs
                      pledge on the obtaining of any financial accommodation              are accounted for using the equity method. Investments in
                      or the provision of any guarantee or security in connection         JVs are carried at the lower of the equity accounted amount
                      with any financial accommodation; and                               and recoverable amount. The Consolidated Entity’s share of
                    + entering into any joint borrowing or joint financial                the JVs’ net profit or loss is recognised in the consolidated
                      accommodation and providing any guarantee, security,                statement of comprehensive income from the date joint control
                      indemnities and undertakings in connection with the                 commences to the date joint control ceases. Movements in
                      relevant joint borrowing or joint financial accommodation.          reserves are recognised directly in the consolidated reserves.

                    A party need not do anything under the above arrangements to          Transactions eliminated on consolidation
                    the extent that the party considers that it is not in the interests   Unrealised gains resulting from transactions with JVs, including
                    of Goodman Group Securityholders as a whole, or would                 those relating to contributions of non-monetary assets on
                    cause a member of the party’s group to contravene or breach           establishment, are eliminated to the extent of the Consolidated
                    applicable laws or particular finance arrangements.                   Entity’s interest. Unrealised gains relating to JVs are eliminated
                                                                                          against the carrying amount of the investment. Unrealised
                    On the basis of the above, the consolidated financial                 losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains,
                    statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.               unless they evidence an impairment of an asset.
                    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
                    HKFRSs requires management to make judgements, estimates
                    and assumptions that affect the application of policies and
                    reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
                    The estimates and associated assumptions are based on
                    historical experience and various other factors that are believed
                    to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which
                    form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values
                    of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
                    sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
                    The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on
                    an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
                    recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the
                    revision affects only that period, or in the period of the revision
                    and future periods if the revision affects both current and
                    future periods.




                                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                     153
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Basis of preparation continued                                       (e) Changes in accounting policies
      1. Basis of preparation continued                                    The HKICPA has issued several amendments to HKFRSs
      (c) Principles of consolidation continued                            that are first effective for the current accounting period of the
                                                                           Consolidated Entity. Of these, the following developments are
      Combination of entities or businesses under                          relevant to the Consolidated Entity’s financial statements:
      common control
      Where the Consolidated Entity acquires entities or businesses        + Annual improvements to HKFRSs 2010 – 2012 cycle; and
                                                                           + Annual improvements to HKFRSs 2011 – 2013 cycle.




For personal use only
      from other members of Goodman Group such that all of the
      combining entities (businesses) are ultimately controlled by         The adoption of the above revisions and amendments to
      Goodman Group Securityholders both before and after the              existing standards did not have any material impact on the
      combination, the Consolidated Entity applies the pooling of          preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
      interests method.
                                                                           (f) Accounting standards issued but not yet effective
      At the date of the combination of entities under common
      control, the assets and liabilities of the combining entities are    Up to the date of these financial statements, the HKICPA has
      reflected at their carrying amounts. No adjustments are made         issued a few amendments and a new standard which are not
      to reflect fair values, or recognise any new assets or liabilities   yet effective for the year ended 30 June 2016 and which have
      that would otherwise be done under the acquisition method.           not been adopted in these financial statements. These include
      The only goodwill that is recognised is any existing goodwill        the following which may be relevant to the Consolidated Entity:
      relating to either of the combining entities. Any difference         + revisions to HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments include
      between the consideration transferred and the equity acquired          requirements for the classification and measurement
      by the Consolidated Entity is reflected within equity (common          of financial assets and replaces HKAS 39 Financial
      control reserve).                                                      Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. The revised
      Similar to the acquisition method, the results of the acquired         HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments will become mandatory
      entity are included only from the date control commenced.              for the Consolidated Entity’s 30 June 2019 financial
      Comparatives are not restated to present the consolidated              statements. The new standard is not expected to have
      financial statements as if the entities had always been                a material impact on the Consolidated Entity’s financial
      combined.                                                              statements; and
                                                                           + HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
      (d) Foreign currency translation                                       provides a single revenue recognition model based on
      Functional and presentation currency                                   the transfer of goods and services and the consideration
                                                                             expected to be received in return for that transfer. The
      Items included in the consolidated financial statements of             new standard will become mandatory for the Consolidated
      each of the Company’s subsidiaries are measured using the              Entity’s 30 June 2019 financial statements. Based on the
      currency of the primary economic environment in which the              Consolidated Entity’s existing contractual arrangements,
      entity operates (functional currency). The consolidated financial      the new standard is not expected to have a material impact
      statements are presented in Australian dollars, which is the           on the Consolidated Entity’s financial statements; and
      Company’s functional and presentation currency.                      + HKFRS 16 Leases introduces a single lessee accounting
      Transactions                                                           model and requires a lessee to recognise assets and
      Foreign currency transactions are translated to each entity’s          liabilities for all leases with a term of more than 12 months,
      functional currency at rates approximating the foreign                 unless the underlying asset is of low value. A lessee is
      exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Amounts        required to recognise a right of use asset representing its
      receivable and payable in foreign currencies at the reporting          right to use the underlying leased asset and a lease liability
      date are translated at the rates of exchange ruling on that date.      representing its obligations to make lease payments. The
      Resulting exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss.       new standard will become mandatory for the Consolidated
                                                                             Entity’s 30 June 2020 financial statements and will result in
      Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms         the gross up of assets and liabilities associated with office
      of historical cost are translated at rates of exchange applicable      buildings that the Consolidated Entity leases, however the
      at the date of the initial transaction. Non-monetary items which       impact is not expected to be material in the context of the
      are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated        Consolidated Entity’s financial statements.
      using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was
      determined.                                                          (g) Critical accounting estimates used in the preparation
                                                                           of the consolidated financial statements
      Translation of controlled foreign operations                         The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires
      The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated      estimates and assumptions concerning the application
      into Australian dollars at foreign exchange rates applicable at      of accounting policies and the future to be made by the
      the reporting date.                                                  Consolidated Entity. Estimates are continually evaluated and
                                                                           are based on historical experience and other factors, including
      Revenue and expenses are translated at weighted average              expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable
      rates for the financial year. Exchange differences arising on        under the circumstances.
      translation are taken directly to the foreign currency translation
      reserve until the disposal or partial disposal of the operations.    The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk
                                                                           of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
      Exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part        assets and liabilities within the next financial year can be found
      of the net investment in a foreign operation are recognised in       in the following notes:
      the foreign currency translation reserve on consolidation.
                                                                           + Note 6 – Property assets; and
                                                                           + Note 11 – Financial risk management.
                                                                           The accounting impacts of revisions to estimates are
                                                                           recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and
                                                                           in any future periods affected.


      154                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Basis of preparation continued                                     Development income
                    1. Basis of preparation continued                                  Development income comprises fee income from development
                    (g) Critical accounting estimates used in the preparation          management contracts, income from fixed price construction
                    of the consolidated financial statements continued                 contracts and income from disposal of inventories.
                    Measurement of fair values                                         Fee income from development management services is
                    A number of the Consolidated Entity’s accounting policies and      recognised progressively as the services are provided in
                                                                                       proportion to the stage of completion by reference to costs




For personal use only
                    disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both
                    financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.                incurred. Any performance related development management
                                                                                       income is recognised on attainment of the performance
                    When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the      related conditions.
                    Consolidated Entity uses market observable data as far as
                    possible. Fair values are categorised into different levels in     Certain development management arrangements are assessed
                    a fair value hierarchy and have been defined as follows:           as being fixed price construction contracts rather than a
                                                                                       rendering of services. Revenue and expenses relating to
                    + Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for        construction contracts are recognised in the statement of
                      identical assets or liabilities;                                 comprehensive income in proportion to the stage of completion
                    + Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within         of the relevant contracts. The stage of completion is assessed
                      Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either   by reference to costs incurred to date as a percentage of
                      directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from       estimated total costs for each contract. When the outcome of
                      prices); and                                                     a construction contract cannot be estimated reliably, contract
                    + Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based    revenue is recognised only to the extent of contract costs
                      on observable market data (unobservable inputs).                 incurred that are likely to be recoverable. An expected loss
                    Further information about the assumptions made in measuring        on a contract is recognised immediately in the statement of
                    fair values is included in the following notes:                    comprehensive income.

                    + Note 6 – Property assets; and                                    The disposal of inventories is recognised when the significant
                    + Note 11 – Financial risk management.                             risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred. The
                                                                                       gain or loss on disposal of inventories is calculated as the
                    Results for the year                                               difference between the carrying amount of the asset at the
                    2. Profit before interest and tax                                  time of disposal and the proceeds on disposal (less transaction
                                                                                       costs and any provision for future rental guarantees) and is
                    Gross property income                                              included in the statement of comprehensive income in the
                    Gross property income comprises rental income entitlements         period of disposal.
                    under operating leases, net of incentives provided, plus
                    recoverable outgoings.                                             Disposal of investment properties
                                                                                       The disposal of an investment property is recognised when
                    Rental income entitlements under operating leases are              the significant risks and rewards of ownership have been
                    recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease     transferred. The gain or loss on disposal of investment
                    contract. Where operating lease rental income is recognised        properties is calculated as the difference between the carrying
                    relating to fixed increases in rentals in future years, an asset   amount of the property at the time of the disposal and the
                    is recognised. This asset is a component of the relevant           proceeds on disposal (less transaction costs and any provision
                    investment property carrying amount. The cost of lease             for future rental guarantees) and is included in the statement
                    incentives provided to customers is recognised on a straight-      of comprehensive income in the period of disposal. Any
                    line basis over the life of the lease as a reduction of gross      previously unrealised valuation gains or losses are transferred
                    property income.                                                   from the asset revaluation reserve to retained earnings.
                    Recoverable outgoings are recognised as income when the            Employee benefits
                    relevant outgoings are recorded as an expense.
                                                                                       Wages, salaries and annual leave
                    Management income                                                  Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary
                    Fee income derived from fund management and property               benefits, and annual leave that are expected to be settled
                    services is recognised progressively as the services are           within 12 months of the reporting date, represent present
                    provided. Any performance related fund management                  obligations resulting from employees’ services provided to
                    income is recognised on attainment of the performance              the reporting date. These are calculated at undiscounted
                    related conditions.                                                amounts based on remuneration wage and salary rates that
                                                                                       the Company expects to pay as at the reporting date including
                                                                                       related on-costs, such as workers’ compensation insurance
                                                                                       and payroll tax.
                                                                                       Defined contribution retirement plans
                                                                                       Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement
                                                                                       plans are recognised as an expense as incurred.




                                                                     GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                155
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Results for the year continued
      2. Profit before interest and tax continued
      		 2016                                                                                                                         2015
      		 $M                                                                                                                            $M
      Profit before interest and income tax has been arrived at
      after crediting/(charging) the following items:
      Income from disposal of inventories                                                                           303.0            167.3




For personal use only
      Net gain on disposal of special purpose development entities                                                    15.2             23.3
      Other development income                                                                                      594.8            211.7
      Development income                                                                                            913.0            402.3
      Inventory cost of sales                                                                                      (237.4)          (133.6)
      Other development expenses                                                                                   (480.3)          (163.3)
      Development expenses                                                                                         (717.7)          (296.9)
      Impairment losses on receivables                                                                                 (2.0)            (1.2)
      Impairment losses on inventories                                                                               (14.8)                –
      Impairment losses                                                                                             (16.8)             (1.2)
      Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                                             (65.3)           (46.7)
      Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                                                           (0.8)            (0.8)
      Operating lease expense                                                                                          (7.6)            (6.7)
      Depreciation of plant and equipment                                                                              (4.0)            (2.0)
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                           (0.6)            (0.6)

      3. Segment reporting
      The Consolidated Entity reports the results and financial position of its operating segments based on the internal reports regularly
      reviewed by the Goodman Group Chief Executive Officer in order to assess each segment’s performance and to allocate
      resources to them.
      An operating segment is a component of the Consolidated Entity that engages in business activities from which it may earn
      revenues and incur expenses. All operating segments’ operating results are regularly reviewed by the Goodman Group Chief
      Executive Officer to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which
      discrete financial information is available.
      Segment results that are reported to the Goodman Group Chief Executive Officer include items that are directly attributable to
      a segment and the portion that can be allocated to the segment on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items include fair value
      adjustments and impairments, interest and tax expense, interest bearing receivables and payables, receivables from and payables
      to GL, GIT and their controlled entities, provision for dividends to Shareholders, corporate assets, head office expenses and
      income tax assets and liabilities.
      The Consolidated Entity is based in Hong Kong and has separately managed divisions in Asia, Continental Europe and the United
      Kingdom. The activities and services undertaken by the divisions include:
      + direct and indirect ownership of investment properties;
      + fund management and property services; and
      + development activities.




      156                                           GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Results for the year continued
                    3. Segment reporting continued
                    Information about reportable segments
                                                                                  Asia            Continental Europe           United Kingdom                          Total
                    Consolidated statement                                2016           2015         2016         2015         2016          2015              2016            2015
                    of comprehensive income                                $M             $M           $M           $M           $M            $M                $M              $M




For personal use only
                    External revenue
                    Gross property income                                  2.4            4.9        11.6          9.5              –           –           14.0                14.4
                    Management income                                     49.8           37.3        45.3         37.8              –           –           95.1                75.1
                    Development income                                    23.7           32.1       889.3        370.2              –           –          913.0               402.3
                    Distributions from investments                         8.5            8.0           –            –              –           –            8.5                 8.0
                    Total external revenue                                84.4           82.3       946.2        417.5              –           –        1,030.6               499.8
                    Reportable segment profit
                    before income tax                                     70.6           71.0       186.2          86.4          (0.4)          –          256.4               157.4
                    Other key components of financial
                    performance included in reportable
                    segment profit before income tax
                    Share of net results of equity accounted
                    investments (before fair value adjustments)           16.9           10.1          5.4          4.9           0.1           –               22.4            15.0
                    Material non-cash items not included
                    in reportable segment profit before
                    income tax
                    Net loss from fair value adjustments
                    on investment properties                                  –             –         (9.0)       (18.8)            –           –               (9.0)          (18.8)
                    Share of fair value adjustments in
                    equity accounted investments                          23.8            5.6         13.9          4.6           6.1           –               43.8            10.2
                    Consolidated statement                                2016           2015         2016         2015         2016          2015              2016            2015
                    of financial position                                  $M             $M           $M           $M           $M            $M                $M              $M
                    Reportable segment assets                            752.6         861.6        641.3        525.4          36.3            –        1,430.2          1,387.0
                    Investments accounted for using
                    the equity method (included in
                    reportable segment assets)                           507.7         386.1         86.8         67.3          35.0            –          629.5            453.4
                    Total non-current assets                             639.5         722.8        320.9        448.9          35.0            –          995.4          1,171.7
                    Reportable segment liabilities                        39.4          28.5         87.4         41.0             –            –          126.8             69.5

                    Reconciliation of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets and liabilities
                    		 2016                                                                                                                                                     2015
                    		 $M                                                                                                                                                        $M
                    Revenue
                    Total revenue for reportable segments                                                                                       1,030.6                        499.8
                    Consolidated revenue                                                                                                        1,030.6                        499.8
                    Profit or loss
                    Total profit before income tax for reportable segments                                                                           256.4                     157.4
                    Corporate expenses not allocated to reportable segments                                                                          (20.2)                    (15.0)
                    Operating profit before net finance expense and income tax expense                                                               236.2                     142.4
                    Valuation and other adjustments not included in reportable segment profit
                    before income tax:
                    – Net loss from fair value adjustments on investment properties                                                                     (9.0)                  (18.8)
                    – Impairment losses                                                                                                               (16.8)                     (1.2)
                    – Share of fair value adjustments in equity accounted investments                                                                  43.8                     10.2
                    – Share based payments expense                                                                                                    (22.2)                   (16.8)
                    Net finance expense – refer to note 9                                                                                             (25.6)                   (20.5)
                    Consolidated profit before income tax                                                                                            206.4                      95.3
                    Assets
                    Total assets for reportable segments                                                                                        1,430.2                   1,387.0
                    Other unallocated amounts1                                                                                                     64.3                      62.7
                    Consolidated total assets                                                                                                   1,494.5                   1,449.7
                    Liabilities
                    Total liabilities for reportable segments                                                                                        126.8                   69.5
                    Other unallocated amounts1                                                                                                       869.1                1,066.3
                    Consolidated total liabilities                                                                                                   995.9                1,135.8
                  1. Other unallocated amounts comprise principally receivables from and payables to GL, GIT and their controlled entities.




                                                                         GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                        157
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Results for the year continued
      4. Income tax expense
      Income tax for the period comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax and movements
      in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to items recognised in other
      comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive
      income or directly in equity respectively.




For personal use only
      Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at
      the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
      Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being the differences
      between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets also
      arise from unused tax losses and unused tax credits. Apart from differences which arise on initial recognition of assets and liabilities,
      all deferred tax liabilities and all deferred tax assets, to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available
      against which the asset can be utilised, are recognised.
      The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying
      amount of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Deferred tax assets
      and liabilities are not discounted.
      (a) Taxation in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income:
      		 2016                                                                                                                              2015
      		 $M                                                                                                                                 $M
      Current tax expense – Hong Kong profits tax
      Current year                                                                                                         (3.1)            (2.8)
      Adjustment for prior periods                                                                                            –              1.5
                                                                                                                           (3.1)            (1.3)
      Current tax expense – overseas
      Current year                                                                                                       (22.8)             (7.0)
      Adjustment for prior periods                                                                                         0.5               0.8
                                                                                                                         (22.3)             (6.2)
      Deferred tax expense
      Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                    (0.1)               –
      Derecognition of previously recognised tax losses                                                                       –             (0.7)
                                                                                                                          (0.1)             (0.7)
      Total income tax expense                                                                                           (25.5)             (8.2)

      The provision for Hong Kong profits tax for the 2016 financial year is calculated at 16.5% (2015: 16.5%) of the estimated
      assessable profits for the year. Taxation for overseas subsidiaries is charged at the appropriate current rates of taxation ruling
      in the relevant countries.
      (b) Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates
      		 2016                                                                                                                              2015
      		 $M                                                                                                                                 $M
      Profit before income tax                                                                                           206.4              95.3
      Notional tax on profit before income tax, calculated at the rates applicable to profits in the countries concerned (59.4)            (27.4)
      (Increase)/decrease in income tax due to:
      – Current year losses for which no deferred tax asset was recognised                                                (12.3)            (6.7)
      – Non-assessable income                                                                                              61.2            29.2
      – Non-deductible expense                                                                                            (20.4)            (8.1)
      – Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                                                   4.9              2.5
      – Adjustment for prior periods                                                                                        0.5              2.3
      Income tax expense                                                                                                 (25.5)            (8.2)

      (c) Net income tax payable
      		 2016                                                                                                                              2015
      		 $M                                                                                                                                 $M
      Net balance at the beginning of the year                                                                             (5.5)           (16.7)
      (Increase)/decrease in current net tax payable due to:
      – Net income taxes paid                                                                                             15.8             20.8
      – Net income tax expense on current year’s profit                                                                  (25.9)             (9.8)
      – Adjustment for prior periods                                                                                       0.5               2.3
      – Other                                                                                                                –              (2.1)
      Net balance at the end of the year                                                                                 (15.1)            (5.5)
      Current tax receivables                                                                                              0.2               1.4
      Current tax payables                                                                                               (15.3)             (6.9)
                                                                                                                         (15.1)            (5.5)

      (d) Deferred tax assets and liabilities
      Deferred tax liabilities of $0.1 million (2015: $nil) arising from other payables were recognised in the consolidated statement of
      financial position.

      158                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Results for the year continued                                     Investment property carrying values include the costs of
                    5. Profit attributable to equity shareholders                      acquiring the properties and subsequent costs of development,
                    of the Company                                                     including costs of all materials used in construction, costs
                                                                                       of managing the project, holding costs and borrowing costs
                    The consolidated profit attributable to equity shareholders        incurred during the development period.
                    of the Company includes a profit of $42.1 million (2015:
                    $19.7 million) which has been dealt with in the financial          Amounts provided to customers as lease incentives and assets
                    statements of the Company.                                         relating to fixed rental income increases in operating lease




For personal use only
                                                                                       contracts are included within investment property values.
                    Operating assets and liabilities                                   Lease incentives are amortised over the term of the lease on
                    6. Property assets                                                 a straight-line basis. The amortisation is applied to reduce
                    (a) Types of property assets                                       gross property income.
                    The Consolidated Entity’s investment in property assets include    Direct expenditure associated with leasing a property is also
                    both investment properties (held for capital appreciation and      capitalised within investment property values and amortised
                    gross property income) and inventories (held for development       over the term of the lease.
                    and sale).
                                                                                       Stabilised investment properties
                    The Consolidated Entity holds both investment properties           Stabilised investment properties are completed investment
                    and inventories either directly or through its investments in      properties that are capable of earning rental income. An
                    managed partnerships.                                              independent valuation of stabilised investment properties
                    Inventories                                                        is obtained at least every three years to use as a basis for
                    Inventories relate to land and property developments that          measuring the fair value of the properties.
                    are held for sale or development and sale in the normal            At each reporting date occurring between obtaining
                    course of the Consolidated Entity’s business. Where property       independent valuations, the directors review the carrying
                    developments are forecast to be completed and sold more            value of the Consolidated Entity’s investment properties to
                    than 12 months after the reporting date, then the inventories      be satisfied that, in their opinion, the carrying value of the
                    are classified as non-current.                                     investment properties reflects the fair value of the investment
                    Work in progress in relation to land subdivision and               properties at that date. Changes in fair value are recognised
                    development projects includes the costs of acquisition,            directly in the statement of comprehensive income.
                    planning, management and development and holding costs             Investment properties under development
                    such as interest and taxes. Work in progress is carried at the     Investment properties under development include land,
                    lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is    new investment properties in the course of construction and
                    the estimated selling price in the normal course of business,      investment properties that are being redeveloped. Property
                    less the estimated costs of completion and selling expenses.       under development for future use as an investment property
                    Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net realisable     is measured at fair value.
                    value. The calculation of net realisable value requires            Deposits for investment properties
                    estimates and assumptions which are continually evaluated
                    and are based on historical experience and expectations            Deposits and other costs associated with acquiring investment
                    of future events that are believed to be reasonable under          properties that are incurred prior to the Consolidated Entity
                    the circumstances.                                                 obtaining legal title are recorded at cost and disclosed as other
                                                                                       assets in the statement of financial position.
                    Investment properties
                    Investment properties comprise investment interests in land
                    and buildings held for the purpose of leasing to produce rental
                    income and/or for capital appreciation. Investment properties
                    are carried at their fair value. The calculation of fair value
                    requires estimates and assumptions which are continually
                    evaluated and are based on historical experience and
                    expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable
                    under the circumstances. Investment properties are not
                    depreciated as they are subject to continual maintenance and
                    regularly revalued on the basis described below.
                    Components of investment properties
                    Land and buildings (including integral plant and equipment)
                    comprising investment properties are regarded as composite
                    assets and are disclosed as such in the consolidated
                    financial statements.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                    159
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Operating assets and liabilities continued
      6. Property assets continued
      (b) Summary of the Consolidated Entity’s investment in property assets
               Consolidated
      		 2016               2015
        Note $M              $M
      Directly held property:




For personal use only
      Inventories
      Current		                                                     125.9  18.4
      Non-current		                                                 261.2 613.5
                                                              6(d)  387.1 631.9
      Investment properties
      Stabilised investment properties                        6(e)   25.3  30.8
      Investment properties under development                 6(e)   19.9  21.9
      		                                                             45.2  52.7
      Property held by managed funds:
      Investments accounted for using the equity method – JVs  6(f) 629.5 453.4
      		                                                            629.5 453.4

      (c) Estimates and assumptions in determining                         External valuations are undertaken only where market
      property carrying values                                             segments were observed to be active. Such a determination
      Inventories                                                          is made based on the criteria set out below:
      Inventories relate to land and property developments that are        + function of the asset (distribution/warehouse or
      held for sale or development and sale in the normal course of          suburban office);
      the Consolidated Entity’s business.                                  + location of asset (city, suburb or regional area);
                                                                           + carrying value of asset (with the asset categorised by likely
      External valuations are not performed for inventories but              appeal to private investors (including syndicates), national
      instead valuations are determined using the Consolidated               and institutional investors); and
      Entity’s feasibility studies supporting the land and property        + categorisation as primary or secondary based on a
      developments. The end values of the developments in                    combination of location, weighted average lease expiry,
      the feasibility studies are based on assumptions such as               quality of tenant covenant (internal assessment based on
      capitalisation rates, letting up periods and incentives that are       available market evidence) and age of construction.
      consistent with those observed in the relevant market. Where
      the feasibility study calculations indicate that the forecast cost   Each property asset is assessed and grouped with assets
      of a completed development will exceed the net realisable            in the same or similar market segments. Information on all
      value, then inventories are impaired.                                relevant recent sales is also analysed using the same criteria
                                                                           to provide a comparative set. Unless three or more sales are
      Stabilised investment properties                                     observed in an individual market segment (taken together with
      Stabilised investment properties refer to investment properties      any comparable market segments as necessary), that market
      which are not under development. Stabilised investment               segment is considered inactive.
      properties are carried at their fair value. Fair value is based on
      current prices in an active market for similar properties in the     Where a market segment is observed to be active, then
      same location and condition and subject to similar lease and         external, independent valuations are performed for stabilised
      other contracts. The current price is the estimated amount for       investment properties where there has been more than a 25
      which a property could be exchanged between a willing buyer          basis point movement in capitalisation rates and/or there has
      and a willing seller in an arm’s length transaction after proper     been a material change in tenancy profile and/or there has
      marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgeably,          been significant capital expenditure and/or it has been three
      prudently and without compulsion.                                    years since the previous external, independent valuation.
                                                                           For all other stabilised investment properties in an active
      Approach to determination of fair value                              market segment, an internal valuation is performed based on
      The approach to determination of fair value of investment            observable capitalisation rates and referenced to independent
      properties is applied to both properties held directly on            market data.
      the Consolidated Entity’s statement of financial position            Where a market segment is observed to be inactive, then no
      and properties within partnerships managed by the                    external, independent valuations are performed and internal
      Consolidated Entity.                                                 valuations are undertaken based on discounted cash flow
      Valuations are determined based on assessments and                   (DCF) calculations. The DCF calculations are prepared over a
      estimates of uncertain future events, including upturns and          10 year period. The key inputs considered for each individual
      downturns in property markets and availability of similar            calculation are rental growth rates, discount rates, market rental
      properties, vacancy rates, market rents and capitalisation           rates and letting up incentives. Discount rates are computed
      and discount rates. Recent and relevant sales evidence and           using the 10 year bond rate or equivalent in each jurisdiction
      other market data are taken into account. Valuations are             plus increments to reflect country risk, tenant credit risk and
      either based on an external, independent valuation or on             industry risk. Where possible, the components of the discount
      an internal valuation.                                               rate are benchmarked to available market data.




      160                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating assets and liabilities continued                            (d) Inventories
                    6. Property assets continued                                                                                       2016           2015
                                                                                                                                        $M             $M
                    (c) Estimates and assumptions in determining property
                                                                                          Current
                    carrying values continued
                                                                                          Development land                            125.9               –
                    Market assessment
                                                                                                                                      125.9               –
                    At 30 June 2016, all markets in which the Consolidated Entity
                                                                                          Non-current




For personal use only
                    operated were observed to be active and no adjustments were
                                                                                          Development land                            261.2       631.9
                    made to the carrying value of stabilised investment properties
                    arising from internal valuations using DCF calculations. Overall                                                  387.1       631.9
                    weighted average capitalisation rates for the divisional portfolios
                    (including managed partnerships) are set out in the table below:      During the current financial year, an impairment loss of
                                                                                          $14.8 million (2015: $nil) was recognised on development land.
                                                            Total portfolio weighted
                                                           average capitalisation rate    (e) Investment properties
                                                                2016               2015   Reconciliation of carrying amount of directly held
                    Division                                       %                 %    investment properties
                    China                                         8.1              8.5                                                 2016           2015
                    Logistics – Continental Europe                6.0              6.8                                                  $M             $M
                    Logistics – United Kingdom                    5.2                –    Carrying amount at
                                                                                          the beginning of the year                    52.7            87.7
                    Investment properties under development                               Capital expenditure                              –             9.4
                    External valuations are generally not performed for investment        Carrying value of properties sold                –            (8.9)
                    properties under development held directly by the Consolidated        Transfers to inventories                         –          (16.2)
                    Entity, but instead valuations are determined using the               Net loss from fair value adjustments          (9.0)         (18.8)
                    feasibility studies supporting the developments. The end              Effect of foreign currency translation         1.5            (0.5)
                    values of the developments in the feasibility studies are based       Carrying amount at the end of the year       45.2            52.7
                    on assumptions to determine capitalisation rates, letting up
                    periods and incentives that are consistent with those observed        Analysed as:
                    in the relevant market adjusted for a profit and risk factor. This    Stabilised investment properties             25.3           30.8
                    profit and risk factor is dependent on the function, location and     Investment properties under development      19.9           21.9
                    size of the development and is generally in a market range of                                                      45.2           52.7
                    10.0% to 15.0%.
                                                                                          At 30 June 2016, all the Consolidated Entity’s investment
                    This practice of determining fair value by reference to the           properties are located in Continental Europe.
                    development feasibility is generally also applied for the
                    Consolidated Entity’s investments in managed partnerships.
                    However, a certain number of entities do obtain independent
                    valuations for investment properties under development each
                    financial year.




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                      161
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Operating assets and liabilities continued
      6. Property assets continued
      (e) Investment properties continued
      Measurement of fair value
      (i) Fair value hierarchy
      Investment properties comprise stabilised investment properties and investment properties under development. The fair value




For personal use only
      measurement for investment properties has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value based on the inputs to the valuation
      technique used.
      (ii) Valuation techniques and inputs used in Level 3 fair value measurements
      The following table shows the valuation technique used in measuring the fair value of investment properties, as well as the
      significant unobservable inputs used:
      			                                                                                                                   Weighted average
       Valuation technique                                                   Significant unobservable inputs              2016            2015
      Investment properties  Income capitalisation approach                  Net market rent per square metre
      – Continental Europe 		                                                per annum                                €147/sqm        €152/sqm
      		                                                                     Capitalisation rate                          8.0%            8.3%

      The estimated fair value would increase if net market rents were higher and/or if capitalisation rates were lower. The estimated fair
      value would decrease if the net market rents were lower and/or if the capitalisation rates were higher.
      (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method
      The Consolidated Entity’s principal managed partnerships are set out below:
                                                                Consolidated share                Consolidated                   Consolidated
                                                                    of results                     ownership                      investment
                                                                   recognised                       interest                   carrying amount
                                     Country of
                                     establishment/            2016            2015            2016            2015            2016        2015
      Name                           incorporation              $M              $M               %               %              $M          $M
      Property investment
      Goodman China Logistics
      Partnership (GCLP)      Cayman Islands 41.2                              15.8            20.0            20.0          414.3        329.1
      KWASA Goodman
      Germany (KGG)           Luxembourg     18.3                               9.4            27.4            30.0            83.2        64.8
      Property development
      Goodman Japan
      Development Partnership
      (GJDP)                  Japan          (0.4)                                –            42.5            42.5            90.3        56.9
      Goodman UK
      Partnership (GUKP)      United Kingdom  6.2                                 –            33.3              –            35.0            –
      Other JVs		                             0.9                                 –                                            6.7          2.6
      		                                     66.2                              25.2                                          629.5        453.4

      The reconciliation of the carrying value at the beginning to the carrying value at the end of the year is set out as follows:
                                                                                                                             Consolidated
                                                                                                                          2016            2015
      Movements in carrying amount of investments in JVs                                                                   $M              $M
      Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                                       453.4            281.7
      Share of net results after tax (before revaluations)                                                                 22.4            15.0
      Share of fair value adjustments on investment properties                                                             43.8            10.2
      Share of net results after tax                                                                                       66.2            25.2
      Share of movements in reserves                                                                                      (14.1)             0.2
      Acquisitions                                                                                                       129.0            111.1
      Capital return                                                                                                      (16.5)            (8.4)
      Dividends/distributions received and receivable                                                                       (9.6)           (5.5)
      Effect of foreign currency translation                                                                               21.1            49.1
      Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                             629.5            453.4




      162                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating assets and liabilities continued
                    6. Property assets continued
                    (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method continued
                    Summary financial information of JVs
                    The following table summarises the financial information of the material managed partnerships as included in their own financial
                    statements. The table also reconciles the summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the Consolidated Entity’s




For personal use only
                    interest in the JVs.
                                                                         GCLP                   KGG                  GJDP                  GUKP
                                                                  2016        2015       2016          2015      2016       2015      2016        2015
                                                                   $M          $M         $M            $M        $M         $M        $M          $M
                    Summarised statement of financial position
                    Current assets
                    Cash and cash equivalents                 161.8     276.6            27.1          15.3      48.1      18.9        6.9             –
                    Other current assets                        46.3      15.0            0.2           1.8       2.2       0.9       41.2             –
                    Total current assets                      208.1     291.6            27.3          17.1      50.3      19.8       48.1             –
                    Total non-current assets                2,399.9   1,815.9           531.6         391.8     412.0     161.0       58.8             –
                    Current liabilities
                    Other current liabilities                 146.0     102.1             9.9           5.5       1.4        0.3        3.0            –
                    Total current liabilities                 146.0     102.1             9.9           5.5       1.4        0.3        3.0            –
                    Non-current liabilities
                    Financial liabilities (excluding trade
                    payables and other provisions)            306.8     294.2           231.5         181.8     244.7      46.7          –             –
                    Other non-current liabilities               94.7      75.0           13.5           5.7       4.0         –          –             –
                    Total non-current liabilities             401.5     369.2           245.0         187.5     248.7      46.7          –             –
                    Net assets (100%)                       2,060.5   1,636.2           304.0         215.9     212.2     133.8      103.9             –
                    Consolidated ownership interest (%)         20.0      20.0           27.4          30.0      42.5      42.5       33.3             –
                    Consolidated share of net assets          412.1     327.2            83.2          64.8      90.3      56.9       34.6             –
                    Acquisition costs                            2.2        1.9             –             –         –         –        0.4             –
                    Carrying amount of interest in JV         414.3     329.1            83.2          64.8      90.3      56.9       35.0             –
                    Summarised statement of comprehensive income
                    Revenue                                     96.3      67.6           28.1          24.6       1.9          –        1.2            –
                    Interest income                              1.0        0.8              –             –        –          –          –            –
                    Interest expense                           (14.2)      (0.1)          (5.8)         (5.2)    (0.2)         –          –            –
                    Income tax expense                         (15.5)    (20.7)           (9.8)         (5.2)       –          –          –            –
                    Profit and total comprehensive
                    income (100%)                             205.7       79.1           61.2          31.2      (1.0)         –      18.8             –
                    Consolidated share of profit and
                    total comprehensive income                  41.2      15.8           18.3           9.4      (0.4)         –        6.2            –
                    Dividends and distributions received
                    and receivable by the Consolidated Entity    4.3        0.2           5.3           4.3        –           –          –            –




                                                                 GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                  163
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Operating assets and liabilities continued                           Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating
      7. Receivables                                                       units are allocated to the carrying amount of any identified
                                                                           intangible asset and then to reduce the carrying amount of the
      Non-derivative financial assets                                      other assets in the unit (group of units) on a pro rata basis.
      The Consolidated Entity initially recognises loans and
      receivables and deposits on the date that they are originated.       Financial assets
      All other financial assets are recognised initially on the trade     A financial asset is assessed at each reporting date to
      date at which the Consolidated Entity becomes a party to the         determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If




For personal use only
      contractual provisions of the instrument.                            such indication exists, the financial asset is written down to the
                                                                           present value of the estimated future cash flows discounted at
      The Consolidated Entity derecognises a financial asset when          the original effective interest rate. The impairment is recognised
      the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire,      in profit or loss in the reporting period in which it occurs.
      or it transfers the right to receive the contractual cash flows
      on the financial asset in a transaction in which substantially all   Calculation of recoverable amount
      the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are        The recoverable amount of the Consolidated Entity’s
      transferred. Any interest in transferred financial assets that is    receivables carried at amortised cost is calculated as the
      created or retained by the Consolidated Entity is recognised         present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at
      as a separate asset or liability.                                    the original effective interest rate (i.e. the effective interest
      Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount       rate computed at initial recognition of these financial assets).
      presented in the statement of financial position when, and only      Receivables with a short duration are not discounted.
      when, the Consolidated Entity has a legal right to offset the        Impairment of receivables is not recognised until objective
      amounts and intends to either settle on a net basis or to realise    evidence is available that a loss event has occurred. Significant
      the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.                   receivables are individually assessed for impairment.
      Loans and receivables                                                The recoverable amount of other assets is the greater of their
      Loans and receivables are financial assets with fixed or             fair value less costs to sell, and value in use. In assessing
      determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market.       value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to
      Such assets are recognised initially at fair value plus any          their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
      directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial       current market assessments of the time value of money and
      recognition, loans and receivables are measured at amortised         the risks specific to the asset. For an asset that does not
      cost using the effective interest rate method, less allowance        generate largely independent cash inflows, the recoverable
      for impairment of doubtful debts, except where the receivables       amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which
      are interest free loans made to related parties without any          the asset belongs.
      fixed repayment terms or the effect of discounting would be
      immaterial. In such cases, the receivables are stated at cost        Reversals of impairment
      less allowance for impairment of doubtful debts.                     An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the
                                                                           asset’s carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
      Loans and receivables comprise trade and other receivables,          that would have been determined, net of depreciation or
      amounts due from related parties and loans to related parties.       amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.
      Construction contract receivables                                    Impairment losses are reversed when there is an indication
      Construction contract receivables, which are presented in            that the impairment loss may no longer exist and there
      receivables in the statement of financial position, are stated       has been a change in the estimate used to determine the
      at cost plus profit recognised to date less an allowance for         recoverable amount.
      foreseeable losses and less progress billings. Cost includes
      all expenditure related directly to specific projects and an         Where a group of assets working together supports the
      allocation of fixed and variable overheads incurred, relating        generation of cash inflows, the recoverable amount is assessed
      to the Consolidated Entity’s construction contract activities        in relation to that group of assets.
      based on normal operating activity.                                  In assessing recoverable amounts of non-current assets, the
      Impairment                                                           relevant cash flows are discounted to their present value.
      Non-financial assets                                                                                              2016             2015
                                                                                                                         $M               $M
      The carrying amounts of the Consolidated Entity’s assets
      (except inventories, refer to note 6(d); investment properties,      Current
      refer to note 6(e); and deferred tax assets, refer to note 4) are    Trade receivables                            15.1             10.5
      reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is        Other receivables                            65.1             47.2
      any indication of impairment. If such indication exists, the asset   Amounts due from related parties             36.2             23.2
      is written down to the recoverable amount. The impairment is         Loans to related parties                     64.3             68.5
      recognised in the statement of comprehensive income in the           Construction contract receivables           122.6             14.0
      reporting period in which it occurs.                                                                             303.3            163.4
      An impairment loss is recognised whenever the carrying               Non-current
      amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its           Loans to related parties                     26.6             25.4
      recoverable amount. Impairment losses are recognised in                                                           26.6             25.4
      the statement of comprehensive income, unless an asset
      has previously been revalued, in which case the impairment           The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is
      loss is recognised as a reversal to the extent of that previous      the fair value of each class of receivable mentioned above.
      revaluation, with any excess recognised through the statement        All non-current receivables of the Consolidated Entity are due
      of comprehensive income.                                             within five years from the reporting date. There is no material
                                                                           difference between the carrying values and the fair values
                                                                           of receivables.



      164                                             GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Operating assets and liabilities continued                              Rental guarantees
                    7. Receivables continued                                                A provision for rental guarantees is recognised when it is
                    Trade receivables                                                       expected that the Consolidated Entity will be obliged to
                                                                                            make payments in the future to meet rental income targets
                    As at 30 June 2016, trade receivables of $0.4 million were              guaranteed to third parties under the terms of asset disposal
                    impaired (2015: $nil). There are no significant overdue trade           contracts. The provision is measured at the present value of
                    receivables at 30 June 2016.                                            the estimated future payments.




For personal use only
                    Other receivables                                                                                                        Consolidated
                    At 30 June 2016, none of the other receivables balance was                                                            2016           2015
                    overdue or impaired (2015: $nil).                                                                                      $M             $M
                    Amounts due from related parties                                        Current
                    At 30 June 2016, none of the amounts due from related parties           Trade payables                                43.2             16.6
                    was overdue or impaired (2015: $nil). Amounts due from related          Other payables and accruals                   63.0             40.9
                    parties are typically repayable within 30 days. The amounts due                                                      106.2             57.5
                    from related parties are unsecured.                                     Non-current
                    Loans to related parties                                                Other payables and accruals                    6.7              4.9
                    Loans to related parties principally relate to loans to fellow                                                         6.7              4.9
                    subsidiaries of GL and loans to JVs. Refer to note 18(c)
                    for details of loans to related parties. During the year, an            Capital management
                    impairment loss of $2.0 million (2015: $1.2 million) was                9. Finance income and expense
                    recognised on loans to related parties. The loans to related            Finance income
                    parties are unsecured.
                                                                                            Interest is recognised on an accruals basis using the effective
                    8. Payables                                                             interest rate method, and, if not received at the reporting
                    Non-derivative financial liabilities                                    date, is reflected in the statement of financial position as
                                                                                            a receivable.
                    The Consolidated Entity initially recognises debt securities
                    issued and subordinated liabilities on the date that they are           Finance expense
                    originated. All other financial liabilities are recognised initially    Expenditure incurred in obtaining debt finance is offset against
                    on the trade date at which the Consolidated Entity becomes              the principal amount of the interest bearing liability to which
                    a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.                it relates, and is recognised as a finance cost on an effective
                    The Consolidated Entity derecognises a financial liability              interest rate basis over the life of the facility or until the
                    when the contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled            facility is significantly modified. Where a facility is significantly
                    or expire.                                                              modified, any unamortised expenditure in relation to that facility
                                                                                            and incremental expenditure incurred in modifying the facility
                    Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount          are recognised as a finance cost in the financial year in which
                    presented in the statement of financial position when, and only         the significant modification occurs.
                    when, the Consolidated Entity has a legal right to offset the
                    amounts and intends to either settle on a net basis or to realise       Finance costs relating to a qualifying asset are capitalised as
                    the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.                      part of the cost of that asset using a weighted average cost
                                                                                            of debt. Qualifying assets are assets which take a substantial
                    The Consolidated Entity has classified non-derivative financial         time to get ready for their intended use or sale. All other finance
                    liabilities into the other financial liabilities category. Such         costs are expensed using the effective interest rate method.
                    financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value plus any
                    directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial                                                           Consolidated
                    recognition, these financial liabilities are measured at amortised                                                    2016           2015
                    cost using the effective interest rate method.                                                                         $M             $M
                                                                                            Finance income
                    Other financial liabilities comprise trade and other payables and       Interest income on loans to:
                    loans from related parties (refer to note 18(c)).                       – Related parties                              0.5              2.3
                    Provisions                                                              – Other parties                                0.1              0.1
                    A provision is recognised when there is a legal, equitable or           Foreign exchange gain                            –              0.9
                    constructive obligation as a result of a past event and it is                                                          0.6              3.3
                    probable that a future sacrifice of economic benefits will be           Finance expense
                    required to settle the obligation, the timing or amount of which        Interest expense on loans
                    is uncertain.                                                           from related parties                         (43.4)           (50.6)
                    If the effect is material, a provision is determined by                 Other borrowing costs                          (0.5)            (0.4)
                    discounting the expected future cash flows (adjusted for                Capitalised borrowing costs                   17.7             27.2
                    expected future risks) required to settle the obligation at a                                                        (26.2)           (23.8)
                    pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the            Net finance expense                          (25.6)           (20.5)
                    time value of money and the risks specific to the liability most
                    closely matching the expected future payments. The unwinding            Borrowing costs were capitalised to inventories and investment
                    of the discount is treated as part of the expense related to the        properties under development during the financial year at rates
                    particular provision.                                                   between 1.7% and 5.5% per annum (2015: 2.3% and 5.4%
                                                                                            per annum).




                                                                       GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                      165
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Capital management continued                                                   11. Financial risk management
      10. Other financial assets                                                     The Consolidated Entity’s capital management and financial
      Available for sale financial assets                                            risk management processes are managed as part of the wider
                                                                                     Goodman Group. There are established policies, documented
      Available for sale financial assets are non-derivative financial               in Goodman Group’s financial risk management (FRM) policy
      assets that are designated as available for sale and that are                  document, to ensure both the efficient use of capital and the
      not classified in any of the other categories of financial assets.             appropriate management of the exposure to financial risk.
      Subsequent to initial recognition, they are measured at fair




For personal use only
      value and changes therein, other than impairment losses, are                   The Goodman Group Investment Committee is the primary
      recognised in the statement of comprehensive income and                        forum where strategic capital and financial management
      presented in the asset revaluation reserve in equity. When such                requirements are discussed and decisions made in accordance
      an asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss in equity                with the FRM policy. The Goodman Group Investment
      is transferred to profit or loss.                                              Committee meets at least every week during the financial year.
      Available for sale financial assets comprise investments in                    Financial risk management
      equity securities.                                                             The Consolidated Entity’s key financial risks are market risk
      Impairment                                                                     (including foreign exchange and interest rate risk), liquidity risk
                                                                                     and credit risk.
      Available for sale financial assets are assessed at each
      reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of                 (a) Market risk
      impairment. If such indication exists, the asset is written down               Foreign exchange risk
      to its fair value.
                                                                                     The Consolidated Entity is exposed to foreign exchange
      When a decline in the fair value of an available for sale financial            risk through its investments in Hong Kong, China, Japan,
      asset has been recognised directly in equity and there is                      Continental Europe and the United Kingdom. Foreign exchange
      objective evidence that the asset is impaired, the cumulative                  risk represents the loss that would be recognised from
      loss that had been recognised directly in equity is transferred                fluctuations in currency prices against the Australian dollar as a
      to profit or loss. The amount of the cumulative loss that is                   result of future commercial transactions, recognised assets and
      recognised in profit or loss is the difference between the                     liabilities and, principally, net investments in foreign operations.
      acquisition cost and current fair value, less any impairment loss
      on that financial asset previously recognised in profit or loss.               Goodman Group manages foreign currency exposure on
                                                                                     a consolidated basis. In managing foreign currency risks,
      Reversals of impairment                                                        Goodman Group aims to reduce the impact of short-term
      An impairment loss in respect of an investment in an equity                    fluctuations on earnings and net assets. However, over the
      instrument classified as available for sale is not reversed                    long term, permanent changes in foreign exchange will have an
      through profit or loss.                                                        impact on both earnings and net assets.
                                                          2016                2015   Goodman Group’s capital hedge policy for each overseas
                                                           $M                  $M    region is to hedge between 65% and 90% of foreign currency
      Available for sale equity securities                                           denominated assets with foreign currency denominated
      Investment in unlisted securities,                                             liabilities. This is achieved by borrowing in the same functional
      at fair value1                                      16.6                18.3   currency as the investments to form a natural economic
                                                                                     hedge against any foreign currency fluctuations and/or using
                                                          16.6                18.3   derivatives such as cross currency interest rate swaps.
    1. Principally relates to the Consolidated Entity’s 10.0% (2015: 10.0%)
       interest in Goodman Japan Limited. During the current financial year,
       a fair value loss of $5.3 million on investment in unlisted securities was
       recognised in other comprehensive income (2015: gain of $5.9 million).
       Refer to note 11(d) for assumptions made in measuring fair value of the
       unlisted securities.




      166                                                     GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Capital management continued
                    11. Financial risk management continued
                    (a) Market risk continued
                    Exposure to currency risk
                    The following table details the Consolidated Entity’s exposure at the end of the year to currency risk arising from recognised
                    assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation




For personal use only
                    purposes, the amounts of the exposure are shown in Australian dollars, translated using the spot rate at the year end date.
                                                                                  2016                                                   2015
                    		    HKD USD EUR GBP                                                             JPY      HKD        USD            EUR       GBP       JPY
                     Note  $M  $M  $M  $M                                                              $M       $M         $M             $M        $M        $M
                    Receivables                   7    9.3    39.3  281.3      –                         –       7.8       44.0         137.0           –       –
                    Cash                       14(a)   9.9    53.8     2.3   1.3                         –     13.2        62.9            6.2          –    10.0
                    Payables                      8   (3.5)  (27.9)  (73.8)    –                         –      (1.5)     (20.9)         (34.7)         –       –
                    Loans from related parties 18(c)     – (458.2) (348.3)  (6.7)                    (29.5)        –    (614.8)        (455.8)          –   (51.0)
                    		                               15.7 (393.0) (138.5)   (5.4)                    (29.5)    19.5     (528.8)        (347.3)          –   (41.0)

                    Sensitivity analysis
                    Throughout the financial year, if the Australian dollar had been 5% (2015: 5%) stronger against all other currencies, with
                    all other variables held constant, the Consolidated Entity’s profit attributable to Shareholders would have decreased by
                    $11.2 million (2015: $5.3 million). If the Australian dollar had been 5% (2015: 5%) weaker against all other currencies, with all
                    other variables held constant, the Consolidated Entity’s profit attributable to Shareholders would have increased by $11.2 million
                    (2015: $5.8 million).
                    Interest rate risk
                    The Consolidated Entity’s interest rate risk primarily arises from variable rate borrowings with related parties.
                    Sensitivity analysis
                    Based on the Consolidated Entity’s interest bearing borrowings at 30 June 2016, if interest rates on borrowings had been
                    100 basis points per annum (2015: 100 basis points per annum) higher/lower, with all other variables held constant, the
                    Consolidated Entity’s profit attributable to Shareholders for the financial year would have been $7.8 million lower/higher
                    (2015: $9.9 million lower/higher).
                    Price risk
                    The Consolidated Entity is not exposed to price risk.
                    (b) Liquidity risk
                    Liquidity risk is the risk that the Consolidated Entity will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The
                    Consolidated Entity’s objective is to maintain sufficient liquidity resources for working capital, meet its financial obligations and
                    liabilities, pay distributions and provide funds for capital expenditure and investment opportunities. Management seeks to achieve
                    these objectives through the preparation of regular forecast cash flows to understand the application and use of funds and
                    through the identification of future funding, primarily through loans from related parties in Goodman Group.
                    The contractual maturities of financial liabilities are set out below:
                                                Carrying   Contractual         Up to					                                                               More than
                                                 amount     cash flows     12 months 1–2 years 2–3 years 3–4 years 4–5 years                              5 years
                                                     $M             $M           $M        $M        $M        $M        $M                                   $M
                    As at 30 June 2016
                    Trade and other payables     112.9           112.9         106.2           6.7              –               –                   –          –
                    Loans from related parties 842.7             851.4         833.4           0.7            0.8             0.8                 0.9       14.8
                    Total                        955.6           964.3         939.6           7.4            0.8             0.8                 0.9       14.8
                    As at 30 June 2015
                    Trade and other payables      62.4            62.4          57.5           4.9              –                  –               –            –
                    Loans from related parties 1,044.5         1,044.5       1,044.5             –              –                  –               –            –
                    Total                      1,106.9         1,106.9       1,102.0           4.9              –                  –               –            –




                                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                          167
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Capital management continued
      11. Financial risk management continued
      (c) Credit risk
      Credit risk represents the loss that would be recognised if counterparties failed to perform as contracted.
      The maximum exposure to credit risk on financial assets, excluding investments, of the Consolidated Entity which have been
      recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position, is the carrying amount (refer to note 7).




For personal use only
      The Consolidated Entity has a policy of assessing the creditworthiness of all potential customers and is not materially exposed to
      any one customer. The Consolidated Entity evaluates all customers’ perceived credit risk and may require the lodgement of rental
      bonds or bank guarantees, as appropriate, to reduce credit risk. In addition, all rents are payable monthly in advance.
      From time to time, the Consolidated Entity also makes loans to JVs, typically to fund development projects. In making its
      investment decisions, the Consolidated Entity will undertake a detailed assessment of the development feasibility and credit risks
      associated with the relevant counterparties.
      (d) Fair values of financial instruments
      Except for investments in unlisted securities which are carried at fair value, the Consolidated Entity’s financial instruments are
      carried at cost or amortised cost. The carrying amounts of the Consolidated Entity’s financial instruments carried at cost or
      amortised cost were not materially different from their fair values as at 30 June 2016 and 2015.
      (i) Valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs
      The fair value measurement for available for sale equity securities has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value. The following table
      shows the valuation technique used in measuring fair value as well as the significant unobservable inputs used:
                                                                                                         Inter-relationship between
                                                                                                         significant unobservable inputs
      Type                 Valuation technique                    Significant unobservable inputs        and fair value measurement
      Equity securities    Discounted cash flows: The             + Assets under management of          The estimated fair value would
      – Goodman           valuation model was determined            $2.9 billion in year five           increase/(decrease) if:
         Japan Limited     by discounting the future cash         + Average annual development of
                           flows expected to be generated            113,000 sqm                         + the level of development activity,
                           from continuing operations. The        + Five year terminal value growth        assets under management and
                           future cash flows were based on           rate of 0.73%                          terminal value growth rate were
                           fund and development forecasts         + Risk adjusted discount rate of         higher/(lower)
                           and then estimating a year five           7.18% per annum                     + the risk adjusted discount rate
                           terminal value using a terminal                                                  were lower/(higher)
                           growth rate and an appropriate
                           discount rate

      (ii) Reconciliation of Level 3 fair values
            Consolidated
      		 2016            2015
      		 $M               $M
      Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                                     18.3                19.6
      Capital return                                                                                                    (0.4)               (7.2)
      Net change in fair value – included in other comprehensive income                                                 (5.3)                5.9
      Effect of foreign currency translation                                                                             4.0                   –
      Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                           16.6                18.3

      12. Dividends
      Provisions for dividends payable are recognised in the reporting period in which the dividends are declared. No dividends were
      declared or paid to equity shareholders of the Company during the year (2015: $nil).




      168                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Capital management continued
                    13. Share capital
                    (a) Ordinary shares
                    Ordinary shares of the Company are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to issues of ordinary shares and
                    options are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.
                                                                                                             2016              2015                  2016                2015




For personal use only
                                                                                                                Number of shares                      $M                  $M
                    Share capital                                                                1,778,318,630           1,753,035,922              651.4              632.5
                    Accumulated issue costs                                                                                                           (0.6)              (0.6)
                    Total issued capital                                                                                                            650.8              631.9
                    				                                                                                                                                       Share capital
                    Details			Number of shares                                                                                                                          $M
                    Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid
                    Balance at 1 July 2014                                                                                               1,727,685,976                 615.2
                    Shares issued under Goodman Group’s DRP1                                                                                16,464,377                  11.2
                    Shares issued to employees of Goodman Group2                                                                             8,885,569                   6.1
                    Balance at 30 June 2015                                                                                              1,753,035,922                 632.5
                    Shares issued under Goodman Group’s DRP1                                                                                15,416,659                  11.5
                    Shares issued to employees of Goodman Group2                                                                             9,866,049                   7.4
                    Balance at 30 June 2016                                                                                              1,778,318,630                 651.4
                  1. Goodman Group DRP was active for the August 2015 and February 2016 distribution. In relation to these distributions, $95.5 million (2015: $89.4 million)
                     was in the form of stapled securities in Goodman Group. The Consolidated Entity’s share of the equity raised amounted to $11.5 million (2015:
                     $11.2 million).
                  2. During the year, the Company issued 9,866,049 (2015: 8,885,569) shares to employees of Goodman Group under the Goodman Group Long Term
                     Incentive Plan (LTIP) and Goodman Group Tax Exempt Plan.

                    The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per
                    share at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.
                    (b) Equity settled share based payment transactions
                    Share based payment transactions
                    The fair value of rights and options over stapled securities, granted to employees of the Consolidated Entity by Goodman Group
                    at the grant date is recognised as a share based payment expense in the results of the Consolidated Entity with a corresponding
                    increase in equity. The share based payment expense is calculated over the period to the vesting date and is adjusted to reflect
                    the actual number of rights or options for which the related service and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be met.
                    The fair values of rights and options are measured at the grant date using a combination of Monte Carlo simulations and Black
                    Scholes pricing models.
                    Goodman Group provides equity based remuneration through the issue of stapled securities under the LTIP. Details of the LTIP
                    are set out below.
                    LTIP
                    The LTIP, which provides for the issue of performance rights, was first approved at the 2009 Annual General Meeting of Goodman
                    Group and subsequently at the 2012 Annual General Meeting. Each performance right issued under the LTIP entitles an employee
                    to acquire a Goodman Group stapled security for nil consideration subject to the vesting conditions having been satisfied. The
                    LTIP also provides for the issue of options, though this has not been utilised to date. If options were to be issued, each option
                    would entitle an employee to acquire a Goodman Group stapled security on payment of the exercise price for the option subject
                    to the vesting conditions having been satisfied.
                    Under the terms of the LTIP and decisions made by the directors of Goodman Group in accordance with the plan, the issues of
                    performance rights on 23 September 2015 and 25 November 2015 to employees and directors respectively were subject to the
                    following broad terms:
                    + the exercise of 25% of the total performance rights will be conditional on Goodman Group achieving a total securityholder
                      return (TSR) in excess of that achieved by 50% of listed entities in the S&P/ASX 100 index and the exercise of 75% of the total
                      performance rights will be conditional on Goodman Group achieving an operating earnings per share (EPS) outcome at least at
                      the target level notified to the market over a three year ‘testing period’ which ends on 30 June 2018 and continued employment
                      (subject to special circumstances e.g. death, total and permanent disability, redundancy or retirement). To the extent that
                      Goodman Group achieves the aggregate target operating EPS, 100% of the tranche will vest; to the extent Goodman Group
                      exceeds the 51st percentile in TSR, there are proportionate increases in vesting of performance rights up to 100% at the 76th
                      percentile under the grants made pursuant to the rules and disclosed to the market;
                    + performance rights lapse on the earlier of approximately five years from the offer or the termination of the employee’s
                      employment (unless such termination is due to special circumstances); and
                    + performance rights issued during the year vest in three equal tranches on 3 September 2018, 2 September 2019 and
                      1 September 2020.




                                                                         GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                  169
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Capital management continued
      13. Share capital continued
      (b) Equity settled share based payments transactions continued
      LTIP continued
      Share based payment expense included in profit or loss was as follows:
      		 2016                                                                                                                            2015




For personal use only
      		 $M                                                                                                                               $M
      Share based payment expense:
      – Equity settled                                                                                                  16.8             13.4
      – Cash settled                                                                                                     5.4              3.4
                                                                                                                        22.2             16.8

      At 30 June 2016, a liability of $6.7 million (2015: $4.7 million) was recognised in relation to cash settled performance rights.
      The movement in the number of equity settled and cash settled Goodman Group performance rights is as follows:
           Number of rights
      		 2016             2015
      Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                                                  11,833,471          9,991,690
      Issued                                                                                                      5,352,396         4,079,127
      Vested                                                                                                     (2,008,074)       (1,844,081)
      Forfeited                                                                                                    (458,482)         (393,265)
      Outstanding at the end of the year                                                                        14,719,311        11,833,471
      Exercisable at the end of the year                                                                                  –                 –

      The model inputs for performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2016 include the following:
                                                                                                              Rights issued     Rights issued
                                                                                                             on 25 Nov 2015    on 23 Sep 2015
      Fair value at measurement date ($)                                                                                4.44             4.06
      Security price ($)                                                                                                6.09             5.62
      Exercise price ($)                                                                                                   –                –
      Expected volatility (%)                                                                                           24.0             25.0
      Rights expected weighted average life (years)                                                                      3.8              3.9
      Dividend/distribution yield per annum (%)                                                                         5.48             5.39
      Average risk free rate of interest per annum (%)                                                                   2.4              2.3

      The fair value of services received in return for performance rights granted under Goodman Group’s LTIP is measured by reference
      to the fair value of the performance rights granted. The estimate of the fair value of the services received is measured as follows:
      + relative TSR tranche: these rights have been valued using a Monte Carlo model which simulated total returns for each of the
        S&P/ASX 100 stocks and discounted the future value of any potential future vesting performance rights to arrive at a present
        value. The model uses statistical analysis to forecast total returns, based on expected parameters of variance and co-
        variance; and
      + operating EPS tranche: these rights have been valued as a granted call option, using the standard Black Scholes model with
        a continuous dividend yield.




      170                                            GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Other items
                    14. Notes to the consolidated cash flow statement
                    Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits with original maturities of three months or less.
                    (a) Reconciliation of cash
                    Cash as at the end of the year as shown in the consolidated cash flow statement is reconciled to the related items in the
                    consolidated statement of financial position as follows:




For personal use only
                    		 2016                                                                                                                       2015
                    		 $M                                                                                                                          $M
                    Cash assets                                                                                                   67.3            92.3

                    (b) Reconciliation of profit for the year to net cash provided by operating activities
                    		 2016                                                                                                                       2015
                    		 $M                                                                                                                          $M
                    Profit for the year                                                                                         180.9             87.1
                    Items classified as investing activities
                    Net loss on disposal of investment properties                                                                     –             0.7
                    Non-cash items
                    Depreciation of plant and equipment                                                                            4.0             2.0
                    Share based payment expense                                                                                   22.2            16.8
                    Net loss from fair value adjustments on investment properties                                                  9.0            18.8
                    Impairment losses                                                                                             16.8             1.2
                    Share of net results of equity accounted investments                                                         (66.2)          (25.2)
                    Net finance expense                                                                                           25.6            20.5
                    Income tax expense                                                                                            25.5             8.2
                    Operating profit before changes in working capital and provisions                                           217.8           130.1
                    Changes in assets and liabilities during the year:
                    – (Increase)/decrease in receivables                                                                        (135.5)          224.4
                    – Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                                         240.7          (205.2)
                    – Increase in other assets                                                                                    (16.3)            (9.4)
                    – Increase/(decrease) in payables                                                                              58.6           (19.3)
                    – Increase in provisions (including employee benefits)                                                             –             0.8
                                                                                                                                 365.3           121.4
                    Dividends/distributions received from investments                                                                9.6             4.7
                    Net finance costs (paid)/received                                                                               (0.5)            0.2
                    Net income taxes paid                                                                                         (15.8)          (20.8)
                    Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                    358.6           105.5




                                                                 GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                   171
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Other items continued
      15. Reserves
                                                                                                        Consolidated                              Company
                                                                                                 2016              2015                  2016                2015
                                                                                Note              $M                 $M                   $M                  $M
      Asset revaluation reserve1           15(a)                                                   5.5                6.2                 5.5                10.8
      Foreign currency translation reserve 15(b)                                                  (4.6)              10.4                   –                   –




For personal use only
      Employee compensation reserve        15(c)                                                 11.1                 6.7                11.1                 6.7
      Common control reserve2              15(d)                                               (538.1)             (538.1)                  –                   –
      Total reserves		                                                                         (526.1)             (514.8)               16.6                17.5
    1. In prior periods, unrealised gains or losses on investment properties were transferred from retained earnings to the asset revaluation reserve. From 1 July
       2015, the Consolidated Entity has amended its practice such that these unrealised gains or losses are maintained in retained earnings and any relevant
       amounts included in the asset revaluation reserve at 1 July 2015 have been transferred back to retained earnings.
    2. The common control reserve arises from the acquisition of entities from other members of Goodman Group under the pooling of interest method. The
       amount in the common control reserve reflects the difference between the consideration paid and the carrying values of the assets and liabilities of the
       acquired entity at the date of acquisition.

      The movements in reserves of the Consolidated Entity and the Company are analysed below:
                                                                                                        Consolidated                              Company
                                                                                                 2016              2015                  2016                2015
                                                                                                  $M                 $M                   $M                  $M
      (a) Asset revaluation reserve
      Balance at the beginning of the year                                                         6.2                 7.4               10.8                 4.9
      (Decrease)/increase due to revaluation of other financial assets                            (5.3)                6.1                (5.3)               5.9
      Transfers to/(from) retained earnings                                                        4.6                (7.3)                  –                  –
      Balance at the end of the year                                                               5.5                 6.2                 5.5               10.8
      (b) Foreign currency translation reserve
      Balance at the beginning of the year                                                        10.4               (12.8)                  –                   –
      Net exchange differences on conversion of foreign operations                               (15.0)               23.2                   –                   –
      Balance at the end of the year                                                              (4.6)               10.4                   –                   –
      (c) Employee compensation reserve
      Balance at the beginning of the year                                                        6.7                  3.2                6.7                  3.2
      Equity settled share based payment transactions                                             4.4                  3.5                4.4                  3.5
      Balance at the end of the year                                                             11.1                  6.7               11.1                  6.7
      (d) Common control reserve
      Balance at the beginning of the year                                                     (538.1)             (538.1)                   –                   –
      Balance at the end of the year                                                           (538.1)             (538.1)                   –                   –

      16. Retained earnings
                                                                                                        Consolidated                              Company
                                                                                                 2016              2015                  2016                2015
                                                                                                  $M                 $M                   $M                  $M
      Balance at the beginning of the year                                                      186.3                94.2                44.2                24.5
      Profit for the year                                                                       174.1                84.8                42.1                19.7
      Transfers (from)/to asset revaluation reserve                                               (4.6)               7.3                   –                   –
      Balance at the end of the year                                                            355.8               186.3                86.3                44.2




      172                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Other items continued
                    17. Investments in subsidiaries
                    The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of the
                    Consolidated Entity. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.
                                                                                                                                             Interest held
                    		                                                                                           Country of              2016              2015
                    Significant controlled companies Principal activities                                     incorporation                %                 %




For personal use only
                    Goodman Asia Limited                     Fund and property management services              Hong Kong               100.0               100.0
                    Goodman China Limited                    Property management and development                Hong Kong               100.0               100.0
                                                             management consultancy services
                    Goodman Developments Asia                Investment and property development           Cayman Islands               100.0               100.0
                    Goodman China Asset                      Fund management                               Cayman Islands               100.0               100.0
                    Management Limited
                    GELF Management (Lux) Sàrl               Fund management                                  Luxembourg                100.0               100.0
                    Goodman Management                       Intermediate holding company                     Luxembourg                100.0               100.0
                    Holdings (Lux) Sàrl
                    GPO Advisory (Lux) Sàrl                  Property management services                     Luxembourg                100.0               100.0
                    Goodman Midnight Logistics               Investment holding company                       Luxembourg                100.0               100.0
                    (Lux) Sàrl
                    Goodman Property Opportunities           Property investment and development              Luxembourg                 94.0                94.0
                    (Lux) Sàrl SICAR
                    Goodman UK Holdings (HK) Limited         Intermediate holding company                 United Kingdom                100.0                  –

                    18. Related party transactions
                    Related parties
                    (i) A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Company if that person:
                         (1) has control or joint control over the Company;
                         (2) has significant influence over the Company; or
                         (3) is a member of the key management personnel of the Company or the Company’s parent.
                    (ii) An entity is related to the Company if any of the following conditions applies:
                         (1)	the entity and the Company are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary
                              is related to the others);
                         (2)	one entity is an associate or JV of the other entity (or an associate or JV of a member of a group of which the other entity
                              is a member);
                         (3) both entities are JVs of the same third party;
                         (4) one entity is a JV of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
                         (5)	the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Company or an entity related to
                              the Company;
                         (6) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i); or
                         (7)	a person identified in (i)(1) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the
                              entity (or of a parent of the entity).
                         (8)	the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Company
                              or the Company’s parent.
                    Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that
                    person in their dealings with the entity.
                    (a) Directors’ remuneration
                    Directors’ remuneration disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the
                    Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation is as follows:
                    		 2016                                                                                                                                  2015
                    		 $M                                                                                                                                     $M
                    Directors’ fees                                                                                                       0.8                 0.8
                    Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                                             2.1                 2.1
                    Discretionary bonuses                                                                                                 1.1                 3.5
                    Retirement scheme contribution                                                                                          –                   –
                    Share based payments                                                                                                  6.4                 4.4
                                                                                                                                         10.4                10.8

                    Mr Philip Pearce has stood down from his duties for health reasons and resigned as a director of Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited
                    on 12 July 2016. He remains an employee of Goodman Group on sick leave and, having regard to the seriousness of the health
                    issues, this period is expected to last at least 12 months and may be extended up to two years.




                                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                          173
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Other items continued
      18. Related party transactions continued
      (b) Transactions and amounts due from related parties
                                                                                                Management services and                      Amounts due from
                                                                                                 development activities                        related parties
                                                                                                 2016            2015                       2016              2015
                                                                                                   $M               $M                       $M                $M




For personal use only
      JVs
      GCLP                                                                                         51.0                43.7                     –                     –
      KGG                                                                                         174.5                 6.6                     –                     –
                                                                                                  225.5                50.3                     –                     –
      Related parties of GL and GIT
      Goodman Hong Kong Logistics Partnership                                                      28.9                25.7                  7.4                 6.1
      Goodman Australia Partnership                                                                 3.5                  2.3                   –                   –
      Goodman European Partnership                                                                528.7               336.6                 20.3                17.1
      Goodman Princeton Partnership (Lux) Sàrl                                                      2.3                  2.2                   –                   –
      Other related parties                                                                         0.3                 (0.8)                8.5                   –
                                                                                                  563.7               366.0                 36.2                23.2

      (c) Financing arrangements with related parties
      			                                                                                                                                     Interest income/
      			                                                                                                                                    (expense) charged
              Loans to            Loans from                                                                                                  on loans to/from
          related parties1      related parties1                                                                                               related parties
       2016             2015 2016             2015                                                                                          2016              2015
        $M                $M  $M               $M                                                                                            $M                $M
      JVs
      Üllö One 2008 Kft                                    2.2                 4.1                   –                    –                    –                 0.2
      Üllö Two 2008 Kft                                    1.1                 2.1                   –                    –                    –                 0.1
      Other JVs                                            6.4                19.2                   –                    –                    –                 0.3
                                                           9.7                25.4                   –                    –                    –                 0.6
      GL, GIT and their controlled entities               64.3                62.7              (842.7)            (1,044.5)               (43.4)              (50.6)
      Related parties of GL and GIT
      Goodman European Partnership                        16.9                  5.8                    –                   –                 0.5                  1.7
      Related parties of GL and GIT                       16.9                  5.8                    –                   –                 0.5                  1.7
    1. Loans by the Consolidated Entity to/from JVs and other related parties have generally been provided on an arm’s length basis. At 30 June 2016, details
       in respect of the principal loan balances are set out below:
      + a shareholder loan of $16.9 million (2015: $5.8 million) was provided to Goodman Pyrite Logistics (Lux) Sàrl, a controlled entity of Goodman European
         Partnership, and incurred interest at 6.9% per annum;
      + loans from GL, GIT and their controlled entities amounting to $842.7 million (2015: $1,044.5 million). Of this amount, $842.7 million (2015:
         $1,035.2 million) is interest bearing and $nil (2015: $9.3 million) is non-interest bearing. $832.7 million of the loans is repayable on demand and
         $10.0 million is repayable greater than five years from the reporting date. The interest bearing loans incur floating interest at rates ranging from 1.6%
         to 6.8% (2015: 2.1% to 5.4%) per annum; and
      + loans to GIT and its subsidiaries amounting to $64.3 million (2015: $62.7 million) are repayable on demand. Of this amount, $64.3 million (2015:
         $43.9 million) is interest bearing and $nil (2015: $18.8 million) is non-interest bearing. The interest bearing loan incurs interest at rates ranging from
         1.6% to 2.4% (2015: 2.3% to 3.3%) per annum.




      174                                                    GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    Other items continued
                    19. Commitments
                                                                                                                                2016             2015
                                                                                                                                 $M               $M
                    Non-cancellable operating lease commitments
                    Future operating lease commitments not provided for in the financial statements and payable:
                    – Within one year                                                                                            8.8              9.1




For personal use only
                    – One year or later and no later than five years                                                            20.5              9.4
                    – Later than five years                                                                                      2.7              0.6
                                                                                                                                32.0             19.1

                    At 30 June 2016, the Consolidated Entity was also committed to $273.5 million (2015: $212.9 million) expenditure in respect of
                    inventories and other development activities.
                    Non-cancellable operating lease from investment property customers
                                                                                                                                2016             2015
                                                                                                                                 $M               $M
                    Non-cancellable operating lease commitments receivable:
                    – Within one year                                                                                             3.0             4.8
                    – One year or later and no later than five years                                                              4.0             6.1
                    – Later than five years                                                                                         –             2.1
                                                                                                                                  7.0            13.0

                    20. Contingencies
                    Capitalisation Deed Poll
                    GLHK, GL, GIT and certain of their wholly-owned controlled entities are investors under a Capitalisation Deed Poll (CDP) dated
                    23 May 2007. Under the CDP, each investor undertakes to pay to the relevant controlled entity borrower (borrower) any amounts
                    owing under the CDP when the borrower fails to make a payment. Any payments by an investor to a borrower will be by way of
                    loan to, or proceeds for the subscription of equity in, the borrower by the investor.
                    Euro medium-term note programme
                    Under the Euro medium-term note programme, Goodman Australia Finance Pty Limited, a controlled entity of GIT, issued
                    £250 million notes, maturing on 16 July 2018, at a fixed coupon of 9.75% per annum. Goodman Funds Management Limited,
                    as responsible entity of GIT, and GLHK and GL have unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several basis the
                    payment of principal and interest in respect of these Euro medium-term notes.
                    United States senior notes
                    Under the issue of notes in the United States 144A/Reg S bond market, Goodman Funding Pty Limited, a controlled entity of
                    GIT, issued US$325.0 million, US$500.0 million and US$500.0 million notes maturing on 12 November 2020, 15 April 2021
                    and 22 March 2022 respectively. Goodman Funds Management Limited, as responsible entity of GIT, and GLHK and GIT have
                    unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several basis the payment of principal and interest in respect of
                    the notes.
                    Goodman PLUS Trust hybrid securities guarantee
                    Goodman PLUS Trust, a controlled entity of GIT, has 3,269,665 hybrid securities on issue at a face value of $100 each.
                    The hybrid securities are preferred, perpetual non-call securities which are listed on the ASX. Goodman Funds Management
                    Limited, as responsible entity of GIT, and GLHK and GL have unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several
                    basis the payment of the moneys owing to the holders of Goodman PLUS under the terms of issue and subscription terms for
                    those securities.




                                                                 GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                    175
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      CONTINUED



      Other items continued
      21. Company level statement of financial position
      		 2016                                                                                                                          2015
        Note $M                                                                                                                         $M
      Current assets
      Cash		                                          1.9  13.6
      Receivables		                                  66.1  46.1




For personal use only
      Total current assets		                         68.0  59.7
      Non-current assets
      Other financial assets		                       89.9  73.7
      Investments in subsidiaries		                 635.7 589.0
      Total non-current assets		                    725.6 662.7
      Total assets		                                793.6 722.4
      Current liabilities
      Payables		                                     29.9  28.8
      Total current liabilities		                    29.9  28.8
      Total non-current liabilities		                10.0     –
      Total liabilities		                            39.9  28.8
      Net assets		                                  753.7 693.6
      Equity attributable to Shareholders
      Issued share capital		                        650.8 631.9
      Reserves                                   15  16.6  17.5
      Retained earnings                          16  86.3  44.2
      Total equity attributable to Shareholders		   753.7 693.6

      The company level statement of financial position was approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on
      11 August 2016.

      									
      									
      									
      Ian Douglas Ferrier, AM Philip Yan Hok Fan
      									
      Independent Chairman    Director
      									
      22. Subsequent events
      On 11 August 2016, the Company proposed a dividend of $0.01 per share amounting to $17.8 million which will be paid on
      26 August 2016.
      In the opinion of the directors, other than the declaration of the dividends, there were no events subsequent to the reporting
      date, and up to the date of signature of these financial statements, which would require adjustment to or disclosure in the
      financial statements.




      176                                           GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT
                    TO THE MEMBERS OF GOODMAN LOGISTICS (HK) LIMITED
                    (INCORPORATED IN HONG KONG WITH LIMITED LIABILITY)




                    We have audited the consolidated financial statements of                                                           We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained
                    Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited (the Company) and its                                                               is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
                    subsidiaries (together the Group) set out on pages 149 to                                                          audit opinion.




For personal use only
                    176, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
                    position as at 30 June 2016, the consolidated statement of                                                         Opinion
                    comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes                                                        In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a
                    in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year                                                    true and fair view of the financial position of the Group as at
                    then ended and a summary of significant accounting policies                                                        30 June 2016 and of the Group’s financial performance and
                    and other explanatory information.                                                                                 cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong
                                                                                                                                       Kong Financial Reporting Standards and have been properly
                    Directors’ responsibility for the consolidated                                                                     prepared in compliance with the Hong Kong Companies
                    financial statements                                                                                               Ordinance.
                    The directors of the Company are responsible for the
                    preparation of consolidated financial statements that
                    give a true and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong
                    Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Hong Kong
                    Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Hong Kong
                    Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as the
                    directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
                    consolidated financial statements that are free from material                                                      KPMG
                    misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.                                                                       Certified Public Accountants
                    Auditor’s responsibility                                                                                           8th Floor, Prince’s Building
                    Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these                                                               10 Chater Road
                    consolidated financial statements based on our audit. This                                                         Central, Hong Kong
                    report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with                                                        11 August 2016
                    section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
                    no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards
                    or accept liability to any other person for the contents of
                    this report.
                    We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong
                    Standards on Auditing issued by the Hong Kong Institute
                    of Certified Public Accountants. Those standards require
                    that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and
                    perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
                    whether the consolidated financial statements are free from
                    material misstatement.
                    An audit involves performing procedures to obtain audit
                    evidence about the amounts and disclosures in the
                    consolidated financial statements. The procedures selected
                    depend on the auditor’s judgement, including the assessment
                    of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated
                    financial statements, whether due to fraud or error. In making
                    those risk assessments, the auditor considers internal control
                    relevant to the entity’s preparation of the consolidated financial
                    statements that give a true and fair view in order to design
                    audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances,
                    but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
                    effectiveness of the entity’s internal control. An audit also
                    includes evaluating the appropriateness of accounting policies
                    used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates made by
                    the directors, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of
                    the consolidated financial statements.




                    KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG
                    network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG            Liability limited by a scheme approved under
                    International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.   Professional Standards Legislation.




                                                                                                GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                                         177
      SECURITIES INFORMATION

      			                                                                                                                  Percentage of
      Top 20 Securityholders Number of                                                                                       total issued
      As at 31 August 2016    securities                                                                                       securities
      1.		HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                        557,653,968             31.17
      2.		J P Morgan Nominees Australia Limited                                                            527,138,766             29.46
      3.		National Nominees Limited                                                                        219,710,323             12.28
      4.		Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                                    123,735,626              6.92




For personal use only
      5.		BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <DRP>                                                                    68,278,056              3.82
      6.		Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited <Colonial First State Inv A/C>                                      46,467,353              2.60
      7.		AMP Life Limited                                                                                  30,286,385              1.69
      8.		BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Agency Lending DRP A/C>                                             20,980,439              1.17
      9.		Beeside Pty Limited                                                                               16,923,077              0.95
      10.		Trison Investments Pty Ltd                                                                       15,259,385              0.85
      11.		CPU Share Plans Pty Ltd <GMG LTI Unallocated A/C>                                                10,802,513              0.60
      12.		Trison Investments Pty Ltd                                                                        4,500,000              0.25
      13.		RBC Investor Services Australia Nominees Pty Limited <PISelect>                                   4,074,315              0.23
      14.		Bond Street Custodians Limited <ENH Property Securities A/C>                                      3,875,091              0.22
      15.		National Nominees Limited <N A/C>                                                                 3,469,276              0.19
      16.		HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited – A/C 2                                                 3,418,935              0.19
      17.		RBC Investor Services Australia Nominees Pty Ltd <BKMINI A/C>                                     2,362,425              0.13
      18.		IOOF Investment Management Limited <IPS Super A/C>                                                2,208,045              0.12
      19.		HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                         2,042,917              0.11
      20.		UBS Nominees Pty Ltd                                                                              1,540,830              0.09
      Securities held by top 20 Securityholders                                                          1,664,727,725             93.05
      Balance of securities held                                                                           124,393,418              6.95
      Total issued securities                                                                            1,789,121,143            100.00

      			                                                                                                                  Percentage of
                              Number of   Number of                                                                          total issued
      Range of securities Securityholders securities		                                                                         securities
      1 – 1,000                                                                                  7,456     3,653,209		              0.20
      1,001 – 5,000                                                                             11,578    28,458,525		              1.59
      5,001 – 10,000                                                                             2,982    21,220,142		              1.19
      10,001 – 100,000                                                                           1,780    37,300,159		              2.08
      100,001 – over                                                                               107 1,698,489,108		             94.93
      Rounding                                                                                                                      0.01
      Total                                                                                     23,903    1,789,121,143           100.00

      There were 654 Securityholders with less than a marketable parcel in relation to 6,339 securities as at 31 August 2016.
      Substantial Securityholders1                                                                                   Number of securities
      Leader Investment Corporation; China Investment Corporation                                                           168,462,083
      State Street                                                                                                          106,113,676
      Blackrock, Inc.                                                                                                       103,955,559
      Vanguard Group                                                                                                        102,759,342

    1. In accordance with latest Substantial Securityholder Notices as at 31 August 2016.

      Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited CHESS Depository Interests
      ASX reserves the right (but without limiting its absolute discretion) to remove Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, Goodman Limited
      and Goodman Industrial Trust from the official list of the ASX if a CHESS Depository Interest (CDI) referencing an ordinary share
      in Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, a share in Goodman Limited or a unit in Goodman Industrial Trust cease to be stapled, or any
      new securities are issued by Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, Goodman Limited or Goodman Industrial Trust and are not (or CDIs
      in respect of them are not) stapled to equivalent securities in the Goodman Group.
      Voting rights
      On a show of hands at a general meeting of Goodman Limited or Goodman Industrial Trust, every person present who is an
      eligible Securityholder shall have one vote and on a poll, every person present who is an eligible Securityholder shall have one
      vote for each Goodman Limited share and one vote for each dollar value of Goodman Industrial Trust units that the eligible
      Securityholder holds or represents (as the case may be). At a general meeting of Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, all resolutions
      will be determined by poll, and eligible Securityholders will be able to direct Chess Depositary Nominees Pty Limited to cast one
      vote for each Chess Depositary Instrument (referencing a Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited share) that the eligible Securityholder
      holds or represents (as the case may be).
      On-market buy-back
      There is no current on-market buy-back.




      178                                                  GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
                    GLOSSARY

                    AASB Australian Accounting Standards Board.                       GLHK Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited (Company No.
                                                                                      1700359; ARBN 155 911 149) and its controlled entities,
                    AASB Australian Accounting Standards Board.                       where the context requires.
                    ABPP Arlington Business Parks Partnership, an unlisted            GMP Goodman PLUS.
                    property fund specialising in the investment of business
                    parks in the United Kingdom.                                      Goodman Group or GMG Goodman Limited, Goodman
                                                                                      Industrial Trust and Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, trading
                    ASX Australian Securities Exchange, or ASX Limited (ABN 98




For personal use only
                                                                                      as Goodman Group and where the context requires, their
                    008 624 691) or the financial market which it operates as the     controlled entities.
                    case requires.
                                                                                      GTEP Goodman Tax Exempt Plan.
                    AUM Assets under management: total value of properties
                    directly held or under management.                                KGIP KWASA-Goodman Industrial Partnership, an unlisted
                                                                                      property investment vehicle specialising in the investment of
                    CPPIB Canada Pension Plan Investment Board.                       industrial property.
                    Cps Cents per security.                                           KGG KWASA-Goodman Germany, an unlisted property
                    Cpu Cents per unit.                                               trust specialising in the investment of industrial property in
                                                                                      Germany.
                    DPS Distribution per security. Total distributions to investors
                    divided by the number of securities outstanding.                  LTI Long term incentive.
                    EBIT Operating profit before net finance expense and income       LTIP Long Term Incentive Plan.
                    tax.                                                              NAV Net asset value: the value of total assets less liabilities.
                    EPS Earnings per security.                                        For this purpose, liabilities include both current and long-
                                                                                      term liabilities. To calculate the net asset value per ordinary
                    GADP Goodman Australia Development Partnership, an                security, divide the net asset value by the number of
                    unlisted property investment vehicle specialising in the          securities on issue.
                    investment of industrial property in Australia.
                                                                                      NZX New Zealand Exchange Limited or New Zealand
                    GAIP Goodman Australia Industrial Trust No 1 (ARSN 088            Exchange being the equity security market operated by it, as
                    750 627); Goodman Australia Industrial Trust No 2 (ARSN 116       the case requires.
                    208 612); and Goodman Australia Industrial Trust No 3 (ARSN
                    130 854 938) stapled to form Goodman Australia Industrial         Responsible Entity Responsible Entity means a public
                    Partnership.                                                      company that holds an Australian Financial Services Licence
                                                                                      (“AFSL”) authorising it to operate a managed investment
                    GCLP Goodman China Logistics Partnership Limited, an              scheme. In respect of GIT, the Responsible Entity is GFM, a
                    unlisted property investment vehicle specialising in the          wholly-owned subsidiary of GL.
                    investment of industrial property in China.
                                                                                      S&P Standard & Poor’s: an independent rating agency that
                    GEP Goodman European Partnership, an unlisted property            provides evaluation of securities investments and credit risk.
                    investment vehicle specialising in the investment of industrial
                    property in Continental Europe.                                   Securityholder A holder of a Stapled Security.
                    GFM Goodman Funds Management Limited (ABN 48 067                  Shareholder A shareholder of GL and/or GLHK.
                    796 641; AFSL Number 223621).                                     Sqm Square metres
                    GHKLP Goodman Hong Kong Logistics Partnership,                    Sq ft Square feet.
                    an unlisted property investment vehicle specialising in
                    the investment of industrial property in Hong Kong.               Stapled The linking together of a GIT unit, a GL share and a
                                                                                      GLHK share so that one may not be transferred or otherwise
                    GIT Goodman Industrial Trust (ARSN 091 213 839) and its           dealt with without the other and which are quoted on the ASX
                    controlled entities or GFM as Responsible Entity for GIT,         jointly as a “stapled security”.
                    where the context requires.
                                                                                      Stapled Security A GIT unit, a GL share and a GLHK share
                    GJCP Goodman Japan Core Partnership, an unlisted                  which are stapled so that they can only be traded together.
                    property investment vehicle specialising in the investment of
                    industrial property in Japan.                                     STI Short term incentive.
                    GJDP Goodman Japan Development Partnership, a logistics           Substantial Securityholder A person or company that holds
                    and industrial partnership between Goodman and Abu Dhabi          at least 5% of Goodman Group’s voting rights.
                    Investment Council.
                                                                                      TSR Total securityholder return.
                    GL Goodman Limited (ABN 69 000 123 071) and its
                    controlled entities, where the context requires.                  Unitholder A unitholder of GIT.

                    GMT Goodman Property Trust, a listed property trust on the
                    NZX managed by GMG.
                    GNAP Goodman North America Partnership, a logistics
                    and industrial partnership between Goodman and Canada
                    Pension Plan Investment Board.
                    GTA Goodman Trust Australia




                                                                   GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016                                                      179
      CORPORATE DIRECTORY

      Goodman Group                                               Directors
      Goodman Limited                                             Mr Ian Ferrier, AM        (Independent Chairman)
      ABN 69 000 123 071                                          Mr Gregory Goodman        (Group Chief Executive Officer)
                                                                  Mr Philip Fan             (Independent Director)
      Goodman Industrial Trust                                    Mr John Harkness          (Independent Director)
      ARSN 091 213 839                                            Ms Anne Keating           (Independent Director)
      Responsible Entity                                          Ms Rebecca McGrath        (Independent Director)




For personal use only
      Goodman Funds Management Limited                            Mr Danny Peeters          (Executive Director)
      ABN 48 067 796 641; AFSL Number 223621                      Mr Phillip Pryke          (Independent Director)
                                                                  Mr Anthony Rozic          (Executive Director)
      Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited                              Mr James Sloman, OAM      (Independent Director)
      Company No. 1700359; ARBN 155 911 149
                                                                  Company Secretary
      Offices                                                     Mr Carl Bicego
      Registered offices
      Level 17                                                    Security Registrar
      60 Castlereagh Street                                       Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
      Sydney NSW 2000                                             Level 5
      Australia                                                   115 Grenfell Street
      GPO Box 4703                                                Adelaide SA 5000
      Sydney NSW 2001                                             GPO Box 1903
                                                                  Adelaide SA 5001
      Telephone 1300 791 100 (within Australia)
                +61 2 9230 7400 (outside Australia)               Telephone 1300 723 040 (within Australia)
      Facsimile +61 2 9230 7444                                             +61 3 9415 4043 (outside Australia)
      Email     info@goodman.com                                  Facsimile +61 8 8236 2305
      Website   www.goodman.com                                   Email     www.investorcentre.com/contact
                                                                  Website   www.computershare.com
      Suite 901
      Three Pacific Place                                         Custodians
      1 Queen’s Road East                                         The Trust Company Limited
      Hong Kong                                                   Level 12
      Telephone +852 2249 3100                                    123 Pitt Street
      Facsimile +852 2525 2070                                    Sydney NSW 2000

      Other offices                                               Auditor
      Adelaide                Christchurch     Osaka              KPMG
      Allentown               Cracow           Paris              10 Shelley Street
      Amsterdam               Düsseldorf       Perth              Sydney NSW 2000
      Auckland                Guangzhou        Poznan             ASX code
      Barcelona               Hamburg          Prague             GMG
      Beijing                 Hong Kong        Reading
      Birmingham              London           São Paulo
      Brisbane                Los Angeles      Shanghai
      Brussels                Luxembourg       Sydney
      Budapest                Madrid           Tokyo
      Chengdu                 Melbourne        Warsaw




      180                                        GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2016
               Disclaimer
               This Annual Report has been prepared by Goodman Group (Goodman Limited (ABN 69 000 123 071), Goodman Funds Management Limited (ABN
               48 067 796 641; AFSL Number 223621) as the Responsible Entity for Goodman Industrial Trust (ARSN 091 213 839) and Goodman Logistics (HK)
               Limited (Company No. 1700359; ARBN 155 911 149). It is not intended to be relied upon as advice to investors or potential investors and does not
               take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular investor. These should be considered, with professional
               advice, when deciding if an investment is appropriate. This Annual Report is not an offer or invitation for subscription or purchase of securities or
               other financial products. It does not constitute an offer of securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States




For personal use only
               unless they are registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 or an exemption from registration is available. This Annual Report contains certain
               “forward-looking statements”. The words “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “forecast”, “estimate”, “likely”, “intend”, “should”, “could”,
               “may”, “target”, “plan” and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Indications of, and guidance on, future
               earnings and financial position and performance are also forward-looking statements. Due care and attention have been used in the preparation
               of forecast information. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks,
               uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of Goodman Group, that may cause actual results to differ materially from
               those expressed or implied in such statements. There can be no assurance that actual outcomes will not differ materially from these statements.
               All values are expressed in Australian currency unless otherwise stated. September 2016.




                                                                                                                                                           PEFC/xx-xx-xx
                  For personal use only
WWW.GOODMAN.COM
