        GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2024




For personal use only



       ESSENTIAL
       INFRASTRUCTURE
       FOR THE DIGITAL
       ECONOMY
                 Contents
                 Chairman and Group CEO’s letter                                                              2
                 Corporate Governance 2024                                                                    5
                 Goodman Limited and its controlled entities                                                  6
                 Appendix A – Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited and its subsidiaries                             A1
                 Appendix B – Securities information                                                          B1
                 Appendix C – Corporate directory                                                             C1




For personal use only




                 GOODMAN’S 2024 REPORTING SUITE
                 We encourage you to explore our full suite detailing our Group performance on goodman.com.




                                                                                                                   1
                                                                                  Goodman Group

                 Chairman and Group CEO’s letter
                 Goodman Group has again delivered an excellent performance for
                 Securityholders in FY24. Operating earnings per security were up 14% on
                 the prior year, significantly ahead of initial guidance, as Goodman
                 successfully executed its strategy. The Group has continued to evolve,
                 and is now positioned as a key global provider of essential infrastructure
                 for the digital economy.

                 In a year characterised by global macro uncertainty, the Group generated
                 robust operating profit growth and cash flow, supported by high
                 occupancy and significant development activity. The movement in global
                 bonds has continued to influence the cost of capital with material
                 movement in capitalisation rates impacting property valuations, despite
                 strong market rental and net property income growth. While this has
                 impacted Statutory profit and Net Tangible Assets (NTA), the Group’s
                 operations are positioned well going into FY25.

                 Key financial highlights include:




For personal use only
                 + Operating profit of $2,049.4 million, up 15%
                 + Operating EPS of 107.5 cents, up 14%
                 + Statutory loss of $98.9 million
                 + NTA down 3.5% to $8.80 per security
                 + Maintenance of a strong financial position with gearing low at 8.4%
                     and interest cover ratio of 44.0x
                 + Liquidity of $3.8 billion available in cash and undrawn lines (excludes
                     available liquidity of $14.0 billion in Partnerships)
                 + Distribution per security of 30.0 cents
                 + Total Securityholder return of 74.9% over one year and 149.4% over
                     five years.

                 Key operational highlights include:
                 + Total portfolio of $78.7 billion, down 3%
                 + High portfolio occupancy of 97.7%
                 + Development work in progress of $13.0 billion maintained
                 + Development completions of $4.2 billion
                 + Data centre power bank of 5.0 GW across 13 major global cities
                 + Working to reduce emissions, including using renewable energy and
                     trialling innovative materials in pilot development projects.

                 Providers of essential infrastructure

                 Goodman is benefitting from the successful execution of its strategy,
                 where it is positioned to deliver significant essential infrastructure projects
                 globally. Goodman continues to focus on owning, developing and
                 managing logistics and data centre properties in key cities around the
                 world, where barriers to entry are high and supply is limited.

                 The expansion of the digital economy, particularly through the growth of
                 e-commerce, cloud computing systems and adoption of new
                 technologies, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, is
                 creating significant opportunity to develop the infrastructure customers
                 are seeking.




                                                                                                   2
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Chairman and Group CEO’s letter
                 (continued)

                 The concentration of Goodman’s properties in urban infill locations provides opportunities to enhance sites, primarily through planning, to
                 alternative and higher intensity uses over time. Over the years, it has given rise to multi-storey logistics, residential conversions and data
                 centres, delivering significant long-term value to the business, its customers and investors.
                 The expansion of Goodman’s data centre portfolio and power bank to 5.0 GW demonstrates its ability to deliver digital infrastructure,
                 where it is securing power on its sites and developing data centres in cities with high demand.
                 For logistics, Goodman’s strategically located properties are the infrastructure that facilitate the movement of goods through the global
                 economy. As markets experience greater volatility and cost pressures, customers are seeking sophisticated solutions that provide
                 greater efficiency and productivity, allowing them to extract more value from the sites. Goodman’s properties provide customers with the
                 opportunity to improve their performance through digitisation, mechanisation and automation of their facilities. This is particularly
                 important to the e-commerce sector which despite slowing overall retail sales growth, is still expected to grow by 57% globally over the
                 next five years (Source: Euromonitor).
                 It all comes down to location, intensity of use, and increased productivity.
                 Portfolio strength underscoring $2.05 billion operating profit




For personal use only
                 Goodman’s locational strategy has meant that there is still more demand than there is supply in its target markets. This has translated to
                 positive operating conditions for the Group, with $2.05 billion in operating profit.
                 Property investment income was up 7% to $567.1 million, with investment in Partnerships for acquisitions and development completions,
                 in combination with rental growth, offsetting disposals. Occupancy remained high at 97.7%, and like-for-like net property income growth
                 of 4.9% reflected the continued demand for Goodman’s properties in the majority of its markets.
                 Development activity continued strongly throughout the year with Goodman maintaining work in progress of $13.0 billion and completing
                 $4.2 billion worth of projects. Development earnings were strong at $1.28 billion.
                 A key highlight was the increase in management earnings, which were up 62% on FY23 to $776.4 million, driven primarily by higher
                 performance fees. Goodman raised $1.4 billion of capital across the Partnership platform and added one new Partnership, taking the total
                 to 21, with $70.2 billion external assets under management.
                 Active management optimising returns
                 Goodman is an active manager focused on optimising returns for its investors. During the year, the management of the $4.1 billion NZX-
                 listed Goodman Property Trust (GMT) was internalised. This new structure offers greater growth opportunities for GMT unit holders and
                 enhances returns on the Group’s investment. Goodman also continued to actively rotate assets, including the sale of a $780 million
                 portfolio of Australian properties to a major superannuation investor. Goodman regularly reviews its assets, capital structures, and global
                 capital allocation, and anticipates undertaking further recycling of capital as a means to optimise the portfolio composition and capital
                 position.
                 Strong balance sheet
                 Goodman continued its prudent approach to capital management. The Group has maintained low gearing of 8.4%, strong interest cover,
                 and $3.8 billion of cash and undrawn lines with a further $14 billion available through the Partnerships. This provides the Group with
                 flexibility to pursue investment and development opportunities, particularly in the data centre space where capital intensity is increasing.
                 The Group is keeping distributions steady at 30 cents per security, enabling profits to be reinvested into the business and support its
                 growth.
                 Data centre opportunity
                 Goodman has made significant progress on its data centre strategy in FY24, with data centres now accounting for 40% of Goodman’s
                 work in progress. Goodman’s global power bank of 5.0 GW, combined with its proven development expertise and strong capital position,
                 enables it to deliver best in class solutions for its customers at scale, while delivering strong returns for investors.
                 This strategically located power bank across 13 major global cities is a source of competitive advantage as the Group seeks to reposition
                 several of its industrial sites as higher value data centres. Goodman’s 5.0 GW power bank now includes 2.5 GW of secured power
                 consisting of 0.5 GW of completed facilities, 0.4 GW work in progress and 1.6 GW of secured power to sites Goodman owns or controls.
                 The remaining 2.5 GW is in advanced stages of procurement.
                 Goodman further demonstrated its strong track record in designing, developing and delivering large-scale data centre projects by
                 completing projects, advancing planning for future projects, and commencing extensive infrastructure works to reduce time to market
                 for its sites around the world.

                 This year Goodman also strengthened its integrated local and global specialist data centre team with key strategic hires, working in
                 conjunction with the existing team who have a strong track record of delivering complex infrastructure projects.
                                                                                                                                                                3
                                                                                 Goodman Group


                 Chairman and Group CEO’s letter
                 (continued)

                 Sustainability innovation
                 The Group continues to focus on sustainability initiatives, embracing innovation as it looks for ways to reduce its environmental impact
                 and improve social outcomes. You can read more about this in the sustainability section of this report and on the Goodman website.

                 Evolving governance
                 In preparation for the incoming mandatory climate-related disclosures, (Australian Accounting Standards Board and International
                 Sustainability Standards Board), Goodman is changing its sustainability disclosure reporting. For the first time this year, the Group has
                 incorporated specific climate reporting into its annual report (see the Sustainability report section), with additional data and sustainability
                 information available on the Goodman website (http://goodman.com/sustainability). As part of these changes, responsibility for
                 sustainability disclosures now sits with the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee. The Sustainability and Innovation Committee will
                 continue to concentrate on opportunities to incorporate innovation and technology across the business.

                 Board update
                 At this year’s Annual General Meetings, David Collins and Danny Peeters will be standing for re-election with the full support of the
                 Boards.




For personal use only
                 We would also like to acknowledge the retirement of Phillip Pryke from the Board in April of this year. Over 13 years he helped steward a
                 successful international business with a strong shared culture and long-term focus that is a testament to the policies he promoted as
                 Chair of the Remuneration Committee. On behalf of the Board, we would like to thank Phil for his dedication and commitment to
                 Goodman.

                 FY25 outlook
                 Goodman is now positioned as a major provider of essential infrastructure globally. This is the result of many years of focus that has
                 strengthened the value of the Group’s assets.
                 The outlook for the Group remains positive with the active rotation of capital a key factor in funding sustained earnings growth over the
                 long term, and maintaining a prudent level of financial leverage, in line with the Group’s strategy.
                 Looking ahead, while Goodman’s logistics offering remains core to the business with strong underlying fundamentals expected to be
                 maintained, data centres are anticipated to be a major area of growth moving forward. Goodman is in active negotiations with several
                 customers for powered shell and fully fitted turnkey facilities across its secured power bank, with substantial new starts anticipated to
                 commence between now and the end of 2025. This will result in data centres representing an increasing proportion of work in progress
                 and the total property portfolio.
                 The Group continues to assess its capital allocation, to both existing and potential opportunities, to provide the best risk-adjusted
                 returns.
                 Goodman is well positioned heading into FY25, with a strong development workbook underway, a strong capital position and numerous
                 opportunities ahead. We expect FY25 operating EPS growth to be 9.0%.

                 Cultural strength and alignment
                 Goodman continues to foster a culture based on its values of sustainability, innovation, determination and integrity. We would like to
                 thank the Goodman team all around the world for their continued demonstration of these values and dedication to the long-term success
                 of the Group.
                 The positive results we achieved this year are the outcome of a long-term strategy and are only possible when we have the whole team
                 working together. Our people are aligned with Securityholders and incentivised by our mutual success. You can read more about this
                 alignment in the Remuneration report.
                 We are pleased with our results this year but are not complacent. We have great opportunities ahead and our focus is on successful
                 execution so we can continue to provide attractive returns for you, our Securityholders, over the long term.
                 Finally, we would like to thank all our stakeholders for their continued support.
                 Sincerely,




                 Stephen Johns                                    Gregory Goodman
                 Independent Chairman                             Group Chief Executive Officer

                                                                                                                                                               4
                                                                            Goodman Group


                 Corporate Governance 2024
                 Goodman’s Corporate Governance Statement can be viewed on our website at
                 http://www.goodman.com/about-us/corporate-governance/statement

                 Goodman’s core corporate governance framework documents including Charters and Policies can be viewed on our website at
                 https://www.goodman.com/about-goodman/corporate-governance

                 Further information about Goodman’s Corporate Governance policies and frameworks can be found within the Sustainability report
                 starting on page 39.

                 Additional information for Securityholders is available at the Goodman Investor Centre at https://www.goodman.com/investor-centre




For personal use only




                                                                                                                                                     5
                                                                          Goodman Group


                 Goodman Limited and its controlled entities
                 Consolidated financial report for the year ended 30 June 2024

                 CONTENTS

                 Directors’ report                                                            7
                 Lead auditor’s independence declaration                                      107
                 Consolidated statements of financial position                                108
                 Consolidated income statements                                               109
                 Consolidated statements of comprehensive income                              110
                 Consolidated statements of changes in equity                                 111
                 Consolidated cash flow statements                                            115

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                    Basis of preparation                                                      116
                    Results for the year
                    1     Profit before income tax                                            119




For personal use only
                    2     Earnings per security                                               122
                    3     Segment reporting                                                   123
                    4     Taxation                                                            127
                    Operating assets and liabilities
                    5     Property assets                                                     130
                    6     Receivables                                                         143
                    7     Contract balances                                                   144
                    8     Assets held for sale                                                145
                    9     Payables                                                            145
                    10 Provisions                                                             146
                    11    Property, plant and equipment                                       146
                    12 Leases                                                                 147
                    13 Goodwill and intangible assets                                         148
                    Capital management
                    14 Net finance income/(expense)                                           152
                    15 Interest bearing liabilities                                           153
                    16 Other financial assets and liabilities                                 156
                    17 Financial risk management                                              157
                    18 Dividends and distributions                                            168
                    19 Issued capital                                                         169
                    Other items
                    20 Notes to the cash flow statements                                      171
                    21 Equity attributable to Goodman Limited and non-controlling interests   174
                    22 Controlled entities                                                    178
                    23 Related parties                                                        178
                    24 Commitments                                                            181
                    25 Auditors’ remuneration                                                 182
                    26 Parent entity disclosures                                              182
                    27 Events subsequent to balance date                                      183

                Consolidated entity disclosure statement                                      184
                Directors’ declaration                                                        192
                Independent auditor’s report                                                  193




                                                                                                    6
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 The directors (Directors) of Goodman Limited (ABN 69 000 123 071) and Goodman Funds Management Limited (GFML), the
                 responsible entity for Goodman Industrial Trust (ARSN 091 213 839), present their Directors’ report together with the consolidated
                 financial statements of Goodman Limited and the entities it controlled (Goodman or Group) and the consolidated financial statements of
                 Goodman Industrial Trust and the entities it controlled (GIT) at the end of, or during, the financial year ended 30 June 2024 (FY24) and
                 the audit report thereon.

                 Shares in Goodman Limited (Company or GL), units in Goodman Industrial Trust (Trust) and CHESS Depositary Interests (CDIs) over
                 shares in Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited (GLHK) are stapled to one another and are quoted as a single security on the Australian
                 Securities Exchange (ASX). In respect of stapling arrangements, Australian Accounting Standards require an acquirer to be identified
                 and an in-substance acquisition to be recognised and accordingly GL is identified as having acquired control over the assets of GIT and
                 GLHK. The consolidated financial statements of GL therefore include the results of GIT and GLHK.

                 As permitted by the relief provided in Australian Securities & Investments Commission (ASIC) Instrument 20-0568, the accompanying
                 consolidated financial statements present both the financial statements and accompanying notes of Goodman and GIT. GLHK, which is
                 incorporated and domiciled in Hong Kong, prepares its financial statements under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards and the
                 applicable requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and accordingly the financial statements of GLHK have not been
                 included as adjacent columns in the consolidated financial statements. The financial statements of GLHK have been included as an




For personal use only
                 appendix to this financial report.

                 GFML, as responsible entity for the Trust, is solely responsible for the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial report of
                 GIT, in accordance with the Trust’s Constitution and the Corporations Act 2001.

                 OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

                 About Goodman

                 Goodman Group is a global industrial property and digital infrastructure specialist, founded in Australia by Gregory Goodman over 30
                 years ago. We provide essential infrastructure by delivering warehouses and data centres needed to power the digital economy. We do
                 so by owning, developing and managing high-quality properties that are close to consumers in key cities around the world. These
                 properties support the distribution and storage of goods, as well as data processing – critical components for the functioning of the
                 economies we operate in and therefore essential infrastructure.

                 As at 30 June 2024, we have 435 properties located in key consumer markets in 14 countries across Asia Pacific, Continental Europe,
                 the United Kingdom and the Americas, while our 5.0 GW power bank is across 13 major global cities within these countries. Our property
                 portfolio consists mainly of single and multi-level industrial buildings and data centres. They may be single buildings or a collection of
                 buildings on one site leased to one or more customers for various purposes.

                 With a total portfolio value of $78.7 billion, we are the largest property group on the ASX, an ASX top 20 entity by market capitalisation,
                 and one of the largest listed specialist investment managers of industrial property globally. We invest significantly alongside our capital
                 partners in our Partnerships, and work to provide sustainable long-term returns for our investors.

                 We are a passionate team who are working together to create a better future for our customers, our people, and the communities we
                 operate in, while achieving strong financial results for investors. We believe in innovation, determination, integrity, and sustainability and
                 continually looking, where we can, to optimise, increase resilience and make space for greatness in the things we do.




                                                                                                                                                                  7
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Our integrated business model




For personal use only
                 Goodman’s Own Develop Manage model focuses our business on our customers’ current and future needs. This approach helps us
                 better understand the trends in the market and refine our investment portfolio preferences accordingly.

                 We own high-quality properties in locations we believe have favourable supply and demand fundamentals, we develop new properties in
                 those markets for long-term investment with specifications that are aimed at satisfying customer needs now and in the future, and we
                 manage our global investment portfolio to the high standard that we desire. We work alongside our investment partners, which include
                 sovereign wealth, pension and large multi-manager funds to manage capital in a manner commensurate with our respective
                 requirements.

                 Our strategy involves providing essential infrastructure for the digital economy
                 The way we live, work and consume is evolving. Urbanisation and population growth are changing our cities and the expectations of the
                 communities we operate within are evolving. Consumers are demanding more service, and the need for data management services is
                 increasing rapidly. Customer demand for our properties is driven by structural drivers such as the expansion of e-commerce, supply
                 chain optimisation, and growth in data management requirements.

                 Our strategy is to position ourselves to capitalise on these trends to provide what we class as essential infrastructure for the digital
                 economy. By supporting our customers to operate in the most productive and sustainable way possible through the combination of our
                 locational choices, our building specifications and our customer service we believe that we can meet the needs of our customers and
                 therefore deliver attractive returns from the property investments.

                 We are targeting customers who value higher speed to market, the ability to gain more efficiency out of the properties they occupy, and
                 greater resilience in their supply chain. We believe that in the future they will prefer to occupy more sustainable properties. To that end,
                 the new properties we develop can be specified to accommodate greater automation, and their location close to consumers and
                 connected to infrastructure can potentially help our customers minimise costs, reduce transport-related emissions, and drive greater
                 productivity in their business. We are also investing in our properties to enhance their sustainability credentials. We believe that the
                 sustainability and resilience characteristics of our properties will support their ongoing place in the market and make them attractive for
                 the long term.

                 Our long-term investment horizon means we select sites with existing or future access to key transportation and/or power and water
                 infrastructure that is hard to replicate. Our focus on urban infill assets or brownfield sites that can be redeveloped, means we can often
                 regenerate existing sites and revitalise communities, while minimising land use and our impact on biodiversity. These sites are often ideal
                 for multistorey facilities, optimising space and providing customers with centrally located facilities. This may result in higher development
                 costs and lower short-term returns, but we believe that this is offset by lower risk and more opportunity for growth in the long run.

                                                                                                                                                                8
                                                                                 Goodman Group



                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)




For personal use only
                 Our values

                 Goodman’s values are integral to the success of the business. They shape our culture and focus our teams on delivering high-quality
                 service, and innovative property and investment solutions over the long term. As part of the annual performance review process, our
                 people are assessed on their demonstration of the Goodman values of innovation, determination, integrity and sustainability.




                 +      Innovation – New ideas push our business forward. We focus on the future, proactively looking for new opportunities and improved
                        solutions for our stakeholders.
                 +      Determination – Determination gets things done. We are motivated by excellence and work hard to achieve it, actively pursuing the
                        very best outcomes for our stakeholders.
                 +      Integrity – We have integrity, always. We work inclusively and transparently, balancing the needs of our business and our people, with
                        the needs of the community and those we do business with.
                 +      Sustainability – We are building our business for the long term. That is why we consider people and the planet in what we do. Our
                        actions demonstrate our ongoing commitment to having a positive economic, environmental, and social impact.


                                                                                                                                                             9
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Our purpose

                 Goodman’s purpose of “making space for greatness” recognises our stakeholders’ needs and drives us to help them reach their full
                 potential. Here’s how we make space for greatness for each of our stakeholders.

                 Customers
                 Our customers come from a wide range of industries including e-commerce, logistics, retail, consumer goods, automotive, food
                 production, pharmaceutical, life sciences, healthcare and technology. Regardless of their sector, they need the right properties in the
                 right locations. Proximity to their end consumer is key to increased speed to market and reducing transport costs and related emissions.
                 Our customers are increasingly taking a strategic approach to their infrastructure decisions. They are boosting their investment in our
                 buildings to maximise both supply chain efficiency and overall capacity as the digital economy grows.

                 To help our customers achieve their goals, we create spaces in desirable locations to an appropriately high specification with
                 sustainability in mind and provide them with excellent service. Here, the greatest ambitions of our customers can flourish as we give them
                 the space and service support to help them reach their goals.




For personal use only
                 Securityholders and investment partners
                 At Goodman, we invest in and manage the investment portfolio alongside our investment partners – including some of the world’s largest
                 pension and sovereign wealth funds. We take a patient and long-term approach to managing capital and focus on growing a sustainable
                 and resilient business over time.

                 This long-term approach guides our decision making. By owning, developing and managing high-quality properties in key locations, we
                 provide both short-term and long-term benefits for our customers while simultaneously working to deliver sustainable returns for our
                 Securityholders and investors.

                 Our people
                 Our team of just under 1,000 people in 28 offices around the world is key to our long-term success. Skilled and diverse, team members
                 use their expertise across the range of locations and cultures we operate in to deliver strong results. There are many opportunities for our
                 people to get involved, to learn and to build rewarding careers.

                 Goodman encourages innovation. We look for people who want to realise their ambitions, challenge the status quo, drive change and
                 develop new ideas that deliver a sustainable business – making a tangible difference today and long into the future. Through Goodman’s
                 Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP), our team have a stake in our business, which motivates them to have a positive impact and take a long-
                 term strategic approach to decision making. This also facilitates the alignment of remuneration outcomes for our people with the returns
                 for Securityholders.

                 Supply chains
                 We acknowledge that providing a high-quality sustainable offering to our customers is a team effort, requiring relationships built on
                 integrity. Our network of suppliers extends from our general building contractors who we work with closely to build facilities for our
                 customers, to the providers of our office supplies.

                 In each case, we respect the needs of our suppliers and provide an environment for them to succeed by setting high quality standards
                 and practicing good business ethics across our operations and global supply chains. This ranges from implementing strategies to protect
                 human rights to treating our suppliers as part of our team, keeping them safe and paying them fairly and on time. In return, we expect our
                 suppliers to abide by our high standards and communicate these requirements within their own supply chains. Key technology partners in
                 our supply chain are also expected to maintain adequate controls, risk mitigation capabilities and recovery strategies to protect our
                 information and our systems from error and malice.




                                                                                                                                                           10
                                                                              Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Our communities
                 As a long-term owner of properties, Goodman understands the importance of contributing to the local community. We build long-term
                 relationships, engaging and collaborating with landowners, cities and municipalities, charity partners, and the community at large, to
                 provide developments that meet our customers’ needs and benefit the wider community.

                 Our properties add value to local communities and the wider economy by generating jobs and creating essential infrastructure. They are
                 developed in line with the local planning authorities’ ambitions to build sustainable and resilient communities. Our urban infill
                 developments, often on brownfield sites, optimise scarce land resources and support local regeneration. Our projects can also add social
                 value – through the provision of cafes, fitness, and recreation facilities for the whole community to enjoy.

                 We add social value in other ways too – by working with local charities and community partners in all our markets to make a sustained
                 and tangible difference. Whether it is working with organisations on meeting essential needs, social and mental wellbeing, education and
                 employment, or disaster relief, the Goodman Foundation accelerates bold and tangible solutions that strengthen communities and
                 enable long-term positive change. We aim to contribute $100.0 million to community organisations by 2030.




For personal use only
                 Goodman also considers the important role First Nations communities and peoples play in Australia. Our Reflect Reconciliation Action
                 Plan (RAP) has received official endorsement and we have implemented cultural and community initiatives, and through the Goodman
                 Foundation we have contributed $2.4 million to First Nations peoples-focused community programs in FY24.




                                                                                                                                                            11
                                                                                     Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Financial highlights
                                                                                                                          1



                        $2,049.4M
                                                                                            OPERATING PROFIT
                                                                                            $1,783.2 million in FY23
                                                                                            Increase of 14.9%




                        ($98.9M)
                                                                                            LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO SECURITYHOLDERS
                                                                                            Profit of $1,559.9 million in FY23
                                                                                            5.2¢ statutory loss per security (FY23: profit of 83.0¢)
                                                                                            1,896.7 million weighted average number of securities on issue




                        107.5¢
                                                                                                                                                1
                                                                                            OPERATING PROFIT PER SECURITY
                                                                                            94.3¢ in FY23
                                                                                            Increase of 14.0%




For personal use only
                                                                                            DIVIDENDS/DISTRIBUTIONS PER SECURITY


                        30¢                                                                 30¢ in FY23
                                                                                            Stable, in line with financial risk management objective to susbtainably fund future
                                                                                            investments and business growth




                        $8.80
                                                                                            NET TANGIBLE ASSETS PER SECURITY
                                                                                            $9.12 at 30 June 2023
                                                                                            Decrease of 3.5%
                                                                                            1,899.2 million securities on issue




                        $78.7B
                                                                                            TOTAL PORTFOLIO
                                                                                            $81.0 billion at 30 June 2023
                                                                                            Decrease of 2.8%




                        $13.0B
                                                                                            DEVELOPMENT WORK IN PROGRESS2
                                                                                            40% of WIP is data centre developments




                        8.4%
                                                                                                          3
                                                                                            GEARING
                                                                                            8.3% at 30 June 2023

                                                                                            Increase of 10 basis points




                        $3.8B
                                                                                            LIQUIDITY
                                                                                            No debt facility maturities in next 12 months
                                                                                            5.1 years weighted average debt maturity (at 30 June 2023: 5.5 years)




                        44.0X                                                               INTEREST COVER4
                                                                                            Substantially in excess of the financial covenant




                 The footnotes for the results summary are set out on the following page.




                                                                                                                                                                               12
                                                                                         Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Footnotes to the results summary:
                 1.     Operating profit comprises profit attributable to Securityholders adjusted for net property valuations, non-property impairment losses, net
                        gains/losses from the fair value movements on derivative financial instruments and unrealised fair value and foreign exchange movements on
                        interest bearing liabilities and other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring items e.g. the share based payments expense associated with
                        Goodman’s LTIP.
                        Operating earnings per security (operating EPS) is the operating profit divided by the weighted average number of securities on issue during FY24,
                        including securities relating to performance rights that have not yet vested but where the performance hurdles have been achieved.
                        As it is closely aligned with operating cash generation, the Directors consider that Goodman’s operating profit is a key measure by which to examine
                        the underlying performance of the business, notwithstanding that operating profit is not an income measure under International Financial Reporting
                        Standards (IFRS).
                 2. Development work in progress (WIP) relates to active developments across Goodman and its investments in associates and joint ventures (JVs)
                    (collectively referred to as Partnerships). In most cases, WIP is the projected end value of projects. However, for certain longer dated projects that
                    are in the early stages of development, WIP is the estimated cost of land and committed works.
                        Production rate is the WIP at a point in time divided by the expected time from commencement to stabilisation, reported on a per annum basis.




For personal use only
                 3. Gearing is calculated as total interest bearing liabilities over total assets, both net of cash and the fair values of certain derivative financial
                    instruments included in other financial assets of $88.6 million (2023: $81.7 million). Total interest bearing liabilities are grossed up for the fair values
                    of certain derivative financial instruments included in other financial liabilities of $41.9 million (2023: $34.2 million).
                 4. Interest cover is operating profit before net finance expense (operating) and income tax (operating) divided by net finance expense (operating). The
                    calculation is in accordance with the financial covenants associated with the Group’s unsecured bank loans and includes certain adjustments to the
                    numerator and denominator.




                                                                                                                                                                                   13
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Overview

                 The Group has delivered another year of strong operating performance. Operating profit increased by 14.9% to $2,049.4 million (2023:
                 $1,783.2 million). This equates to an operating EPS of 107.5 cents (2023: 94.3 cents), up 14.0% on FY23.

                 Our active asset management optimises returns for our investors as we continue to focus on the delivery of essential infrastructure for
                 the expanding digital economy. We remain focused on major metropolitan markets that are characterised by higher than average depth
                 of demand and relatively high supply constraints. The location and quality of our properties can enable increased productivity,
                 underpinning demand as our customers are seeking to improve their supply chain efficiency using automation and offering faster transit
                 times. The growth in e-commerce has been an extension of these trends and an important consideration in the formulation of our
                 strategy and composition of the portfolio.

                 Supplementing the portfolio performance is the growing activity in data centres. We continue to experience very strong demand from
                 these customers. We are responding by developing large-scale, high value, data centres, and expanding our global power bank to
                 address the expansion of artificial intelligence usage and cloud computing. To date, we have not taken an operational control position in




For personal use only
                 any of the data centres.

                 The slow rates of gross domestic product growth in most economies have, however, had a short-term cyclical impact on general demand
                 from occupiers of logistics and warehouse property. Notwithstanding this, the relative scarcity of space in our locations, and customers’
                 need for more productive and sustainable solutions is supporting underlying property fundamentals, which has continued to drive
                 development demand and rental growth. The strength of our specific markets means that our portfolio has a high rate of occupancy and
                 growing income.

                 During the year we internalised the management of the NZX-listed Goodman Property Trust (GMT) providing it with an improved
                 platform for growth in the context of that market. We continue to review our assets and capital allocation globally and expect to remain
                 active over time as we continue to optimise returns.

                 We expect continued volatility in real estate markets globally, however the Group and Partnerships are well placed and have strong
                 balance sheets. The Group has no drawn debt facility maturities until late 2025, with significant liquidity following our recent bank and
                 bond market activity. We are well placed to adapt to the macroeconomic environment, including the higher global cost of capital, allowing
                 us to pursue opportunities for growth.

                 There remains impetus to continue to execute on our development strategy. We have taken account of current economic conditions and
                 adopted a measured approach to new industrial development and started to migrate many of our sites away from traditional industrial
                 uses to data centres. The data centre developments, whilst typically larger, usually take more time than industrial property
                 developments. As a result, we have reduced the volume of development activity. The level of ongoing activity at 30 June 2024 is
                 equivalent to an annual production rate of $6.4 billion which is down from $7.0 billion in the prior year. We have continued to invest
                 alongside our Partners in the creation of the new properties.

                 With the continued investment, high rates of occupancy and rental growth, property investment earnings are up on the prior year,
                 increasing by 6.7% to $567.1 million. Whilst development earnings are slightly lower than FY23, decreasing by 1.9% to $1,276.8 million, it
                 represents a significant contribution to the Group’s operating earnings.

                 However, the higher interest rates and more specifically higher longer-term government bond yields compared to 12 months ago have
                 adversely impacted property valuations during the year. The Group and Partnerships (on a 100% ownership basis) have reported a net
                 property valuation loss of $5.1 billion (2023: gain of $0.8 billion), of which the Group’s share was a loss of $1,595.3 million (2023: gain of
                 $264.1 million). The Group’s share of the loss also included a negative adjustment of $322.3 million that offsets the prior year valuation
                 gains recognised in current year operating profit following the disposals of the properties in FY24. The main driver of the valuation losses
                 has been the expansion of property capitalisation rates, with the weighted average capitalisation rate across our portfolio increasing to
                 5.2% at 30 June 2024 from 4.5% at 30 June 2023. The effects of higher capitalisation rates have been partly offset by the growth in
                 current and projected rents and the contribution from developments.

                 These property valuation decrements, along with asset disposals and the adverse impact of foreign currency translation, have resulted in
                 a decrease in the value of our portfolio during FY24. The impacts have been partly offset by the ongoing investment and development
                 activity in the Partnerships, but overall our total portfolio has decreased from $81.0 billion to $78.7 billion.




                                                                                                                                                              14
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Our external assets under management also decreased during FY24 from $76.3 billion to $70.2 billion. The higher decrease in value
                 compared to the total portfolio was due to the impact of the internalisation of GMT in March 2024. However, across the financial year the
                 average external AUM was higher in FY24 compared to FY23 and consequently, revenues from management services, which includes
                 base management fees and property services income, increased to $445.2 million (2023: $438.7 million). Performance and transactional
                 related income from management services was also higher in FY24 at $331.2 million (2023: $41.9 million), with a number of performance
                 fee assessment dates within the Partnerships having occurred during FY24 and the recognition of management fee income from GMT
                 being accelerated due to the internalisation.

                 Primarily as a consequence of the Group’s share of the property valuation losses, Goodman has reported a statutory loss for FY24 of
                 $98.9 million (2023: profit of $1,559.9 million). The other significant items that reconcile the operating to statutory results include the
                 expense associated with the LTIP of $501.4 million (2023: $286.0 million) and the net fair value loss on derivatives of $10.8 million (2023:
                 net loss of $225.8 million).

                 The Group and Partnerships have maintained their strong financial positions during the year. At 30 June 2024, the Group’s gearing was
                 8.4% (2023: 8.3%) and the cash and undrawn bank lines available to the Group were $3.8 billion (2023: $3.1 billion). Dividends and




For personal use only
                 distributions relating to FY24 were maintained at 30 cents per security, equivalent to 28% of operating profit. The cash retained for future
                 investment in the business enables the maintenance of a balance sheet and capital position that is consistent with our financial risk
                 management targets given the significant development activity and the commensurate growth in investments that are expected in the
                 near term.

                 Key operational highlights for FY24:

                 Property investment:
                 + Property investment earnings of $567.1 million (2023: $531.4 million)
                 + $78.7 billion (2023: $81.0 billion) total property portfolio, of which the Group owns a whole or a part share
                 + 4.9% (2023: 4.7%) like for like growth in net property income (NPI) from the assets in Partnerships
                 + 97.7% (2023: 98.7%) occupancy across the Partnerships.

                 Management:
                 + Management earnings of $776.4 million (2023: $480.6 million)
                 + $70.2 billion (2023: $76.3 billion) of external AUM in Partnerships, of which $63.0 billion (2023: $68.8 billion) relates to stabilised
                    properties
                 + Average external stabilised AUM of $67.1 billion (2023: $64.5 billion)
                 + Partnerships reported -5.0% (2023: 7.3%) weighted average total return on net assets.

                 Development:
                 + Development earnings of $1,276.8 million (2023: $1,301.2 million)
                 + Completed $4.2 billion of developments with 99% of completions leased
                 + $13.0 billion (2023: $13.0 billion) of development WIP
                 + 71% (2023: 81%) of WIP is being undertaken by Partnerships or has been pre-sold to Partnerships and third parties.
                 + Global power bank increased to 5.0 GW across 13 major cities.




                                                                                                                                                             15
                                                                               Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Analysis of performance

                 Goodman’s key operating regions are Australia and New Zealand (reported on a combined basis), Asia (Greater China, including the
                 Hong Kong SAR, and Japan), Continental Europe, the United Kingdom and the Americas (principally North America and including Brazil).
                 The operational performance can be analysed into property investment earnings, management earnings and development earnings, and
                 the Directors consider this presentation of the consolidated results facilitates a better understanding of the underlying performance of
                 Goodman given the differing nature of and risks associated with each earnings stream.

                 Property investment earnings consist of gross property income (excluding straight lining of rental income), less property expenses, plus
                 Goodman’s share of the operating results of Partnerships that is allocable to property investment activities which excludes the Group’s
                 share of property revaluations and derivative mark to market movements. The key drivers for maintaining or growing Goodman’s
                 property investment earnings are increasing the size of the portfolio (subject also to Goodman’s direct and indirect interest), maintaining
                 or increasing occupancy and rental levels within the portfolio, and controlling operating and financing costs within Partnerships.

                 Management earnings relate to the revenue from managing both the property portfolios and the capital invested in Partnerships. This




For personal use only
                 includes performance related revenues but excludes earnings from managing development activities in Partnerships, which are included
                 in development earnings. The key drivers for maintaining or growing management earnings are activity levels, asset performance, and
                 increasing the level of external AUM, which can be impacted by property valuations and asset disposals and is also dependent on
                 liquidity including the continued availability of third party capital to fund both development activity and acquisitions across Goodman’s
                 Partnerships.

                 Development earnings consist of development income, plus Goodman’s share of the operating results of Partnerships that is allocable to
                 development activities, plus net gains or losses from disposals of investment properties and equity investments that are allocable to
                 development activities (including the Group’s share of realised valuation gains booked in prior periods in respect of properties that had
                 been repositioned – refer to page 22, plus interest income on loans to development joint ventures (JVs), less development expenses.
                 Development income includes development management fees and performance related revenues associated with managing individual
                 development projects in Partnerships. The key drivers for Goodman’s development earnings are the level of development activity, land
                 and construction prices, property valuations and the continued availability of third party capital to fund development activity.




                                                                                                                                                           16
                                                                                                  Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 The analysis of Goodman’s performance and the reconciliation of the operating profit to profit for the year attributable to Securityholders
                 for FY24 are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                                                                                      Note                $M                 $M
                  Analysis of operating profit
                  Property investment earnings                                                                                                                          567.1               531.4
                  Management earnings                                                                                                                                  776.4              480.6
                  Development earnings1                                                                                                                              1,276.8              1,301.2
                  Operating earnings                                                                                                                               2,620.3              2,313.2
                  Operating expenses                                                                                                                                  (382.7)              (372.5)
                                                                                                                                                                   2,237.6              1,940.7
                                                             2
                  Net finance expense (operating)                                                                                                                       (18.5)              (13.5)
                  Income tax expense (operating)3                                                                                                                     (169.7)             (144.0)




For personal use only
                  Operating profit                                                                                                                                 2,049.4              1,783.2
                  Adjustments for:
                  Property valuation related movements
                  – Net gain from fair value adjustments on investment properties                                                                      5(e)               6.0             278.9
                  – Share of fair value adjustments attributable to investment properties in
                    Partnerships after tax                                                                                                        5(f)(i),(ii)        (1,410.4)           544.7
                  – Deferred tax on fair value adjustments on investment properties                                                                    4(d)               131.4            (47.7)
                                                                                             1
                  – Realisation of prior years' property valuation gains, net of deferred tax                                                                          (322.3)             (511.8)
                                                                                                                                                                    (1,595.3)             264.1
                  Fair value adjustments related to hedging activities
                  – Fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                                                                            14             (10.3)           (221.3)
                  – Share of fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments in
                    Partnerships                                                                                                                  5(f)(i),(ii)            (0.5)            (4.5)
                                                                                                                                                                        (10.8)          (225.8)
                  Other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring items
                  – Share based payments expense                                                                                                            1         (501.4)             (286.0)
                  – Other adjustments, including the straight lining of rental income and deferred taxes                                                                (47.1)              24.4
                  – Gain on early redemption of debt                                                                                                      14             6.3                   -
                                                                                                                                                                     (542.2)              (261.6)
                  (Loss)/profit for the year attributable to Securityholders                                                                                          (98.9)            1,559.9

                 1.     In the analysis of the Group’s performance, Goodman has categorised $322.3 million (2023: $511.8 million) of realised property valuation gains in development
                        earnings. These gains, which occurred in prior periods and had been recorded in the income statement as revaluation adjustments, related to investment properties
                        (both directly and indirectly held) that had been repositioned for development activities and subsequently sold. The amount of $322.3 million (2023: $511.8 million)
                        represents the cumulative valuation gains since the most recent repositioning activities commenced. In the reconciliation of the operating profit to profit attributable to
                        Securityholders, these gains have been notionally offset against the current year valuation gains so that they are not double counted. Refer to page 22.
                 2.     Net finance expense (operating) excludes derivative mark to market movements.
                 3.     Income tax expense (operating) excludes the deferred tax movements relating to investment property valuations and other non-operating items, such as the Group’s
                        LTIP.




                                                                                                                                                                                                  17
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Property investment
                 Property investment earnings in FY24 of $567.1 million (2023: $531.4 million) increased by 6.7% on the prior year and comprised 22% of
                 the total operating earnings (2023: 23%).

                                                                                                                                    2024                2023
                                                                                                                                      $M                  $M
                  Analysis of property investment earnings:
                  Direct                                                                                                            77.6                87.4
                  Partnerships                                                                                                     489.5               444.0
                                                                                                                                   567.1               531.4

                                                                                                                                    2024                2023
                  Key metrics:
                  Weighted average capitalisation rate (WACR) (%)                                                                     5.2                 4.5
                  Weighted average lease expiry (WALE) (yrs)                                                                          5.0                 5.5




For personal use only
                  Occupancy (%)                                                                                                      97.7                98.7

                 Goodman’s property portfolios are concentrated in large, urban locations where available space remains restricted and barriers to entry
                 are relatively high.

                 Our customers have maintained a cautious approach during FY24 given the macroeconomic uncertainty surrounding economic growth,
                 interest rates, inflation, and geopolitical issues. Activity levels among the bulk of the traditional logistics and warehouse users moderated
                 to more normalised levels seen pre-pandemic lock downs. Nevertheless, e-commerce activity continues to grow, and logistics
                 customers are continuing to optimise productivity (including using automation and technology) as the digital economy remains a key
                 driver of demand. This, and the relatively limited supply of space in our markets, are supporting the underlying property fundamentals
                 and cash flows in our portfolio, with high levels of occupancy and income growth. Property fundamentals are weak in the Mainland China
                 portfolio, but this has been largely offset by the other regions.

                 The majority of the directly held properties have potential for significant long-term growth from redevelopment to more intense or higher
                 and better uses. The net income from the Group’s directly held properties decreased to $77.6 million (2023: $87.4 million) as a result of
                 disposals to both Partnerships and external third parties and the deliberate creation of vacancy to facilitate their redevelopment. This
                 was partly offset by increased income from acquisitions and rental growth.

                 The more significant component of the Group’s property investment earnings was from its cornerstone interests in the Partnerships.
                 During FY24 the Group maintained or increased its interests in the Partnerships and its share of property investment earnings from the
                 stabilised assets increased by $45.5 million to $489.5 million (2023: $444.0 million). This was principally due to the stabilisation of
                 developments in both FY23 and FY24 and rental income growth from existing stabilised properties, partly offset by higher interest
                 expense. On a like for like basis NPI from the Partnership stabilised portfolios was up by 4.9% (2023: 4.7%) compared to FY23 and
                 occupancy at 30 June 2024 remained strong at 97.7% (2023: 98.7%).

                 Over the course of FY24, the Group’s weighted average capitalisation rates expanded from 4.5% to 5.2%, reflecting the increase in cost
                 of capital in global financial markets. During FY24, the Group’s share of the property valuation decrements from the stabilised portfolios
                 (before deferred tax) was $1,555.4 million (2023: gain of $721.9 million). The most significant valuation decrements have arisen in North
                 America (in the first half of FY24), New Zealand and Mainland China, with smaller decrements having also occurred in Hong Kong and
                 Continental Europe. Other markets, including Australia, have been relatively stable with growth in market rents and valuation uplifts on
                 development completions helping to offset the impacts of higher capitalisation rates.

                 The operating income return on Goodman’s investment in the stabilised portfolios held by the Partnerships was 3.3% compared to 3.5%
                 in FY23, as the impacts of higher net property income were offset by the higher asset base following the valuation results in the prior year.
                 The net valuation decrement in the current year resulted in a negative total return for our Partnerships of -5.0% for FY24 (2023: positive
                 return of +7.3%). Gearing remained within target ranges, which continued to be appropriate given the ongoing development activity and
                 the aim of Goodman and its investment partners to position the Partnerships for sustainable long-term growth.




                                                                                                                                                                18
                                                                              Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Management
                 Management earnings in FY24 of $776.4 million (2023: $480.6 million) increased by 61.5% compared to the prior year and comprised
                 29% of total operating earnings (2023: 21%). This increase was primarily due to higher performance and transaction related income, but
                 base management and property service fee income were also higher.

                 Excluding performance and transaction related income, management fee income earned from the overall management of the Group’s
                 Partnerships was $445.2 million (2023: $438.7 million). The higher base management fees were primarily a result of a higher average
                 stabilised AUM, which was $67.1 billion compared to $64.5 billion in FY23. However, between the start and end of the financial year,
                 external AUM decreased to $70.2 billion from $76.3 billion, primarily due to valuation decrements, the internalisation of GMT in March
                 2024 and disposals. This was partly offset by the ongoing acquisitions and developments in most Partnerships.

                 External AUM

                                                                                                                                                  FY24
                                                                                                                                                     $B




For personal use only
                   At the beginning of the year                                                                                                   76.3
                   Acquisitions                                                                                                                     3.0
                   Disposals                                                                                                                        (1.2)
                   Capital expenditure (developments)                                                                                               2.0
                   Valuations                                                                                                                       (5.1)
                   Internalisation of management rights                                                                                             (4.1)
                   Foreign currency translation                                                                                                    (0.7)
                   At the end of the year                                                                                                         70.2

                 Performance and transactional related fee revenue was $331.2 million (2023: $41.9 million), which was higher than FY23 due to more
                 performance fee assessment dates during the year and the acceleration of income as a result of the GMT internalisation. Despite the
                 increased capitalisation rates, there remains a significant backlog of potential fees that may be earned in the future if the relevant
                 conditions are met.

                 Development
                 In FY24, development earnings were $1,276.8 million (2023: $1,301.2 million). This represents a decrease of 1.9% on the prior year but
                 development earnings still comprised 49% of the Group’s total operating earnings (2023: 56%). At 30 June 2024, WIP is globally
                 diversified across 80 projects and the majority of development activity was undertaken by or for the Partnerships and third parties (71%
                 of WIP at 30 June 2024).

                 The quality and location of our sites continues to be a key factor in the strength of our development activity. We have continued to
                 optimise returns by increasingly undertaking development projects that have been originated on our balance sheet and orienting the
                 development workbook towards data centres and higher intensity of use outcomes. Data centre demand has put further pressure on the
                 availability of space and has resulted in a growth in rents, which combined with the Group’s strong risk management and cost control, has
                 seen project margins remain attractive during FY24.




                                                                                                                                                            19
                                                                                Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Data centre projects represented 40% of WIP at 30 June 2024 and a number of these will be in WIP throughout FY25. We have
                 continued to make progress on the power bank globally and our key focus is on securing additional power, advancing planning and
                 commencing site infrastructure works to provide certainty on project milestones. At 30 June 2024, our global power bank had increased
                 to 5.0 GW across 13 major global cities, comprising 2.5 GW of secured power and 2.5 GW of power in advanced stages of procurement.
                 The power is attached to specific properties within the existing portfolio. We are in active discussions with our customers on delivery and
                 leasing models for powered shell and full infrastructure fit-out solutions that best suit their requirements. In addition, there are several
                 additional sites owned or controlled by the Group and Partnerships that are currently under review for potential data centre use.

                 The number of large scale and higher value data centre projects has resulted in the average development period increasing to 25 months
                 for projects in WIP. At 30 June 2024, the average annualised production rate (based on expected development end value) was, at $6.4
                 billion, lower than prior year.

                 In locations where the supply of available land is restricted, the Group continues to commence certain projects prior to securing a pre-
                 lease commitment. Consequently, of the $5.2 billion of project commencements during the year, 67% had pre-committed leases.
                 Commencing development without pre-leases in place is not unusual, and it is common to see leasing occur during the development




For personal use only
                 period. Of the $4.2 billion of development completions during the year, 99% had been leased, a reflection of the customer demand and
                 the Group’s ability to convert that into lease contracts during development.

                 Operating expenses
                 For FY24, operating expenses were $382.7 million, up from $372.5 million in the prior year.

                 Employee expenses were $273.2 million compared to $271.6 million in the prior year, an increase of $1.6 million. The Group’s aim is to
                 keep base remuneration costs relatively steady, and instead use variable remuneration to incentivise staff. Globally, the Group has 976
                 employees at 30 June 2024.

                 Administrative and other expenses increased to $109.5 million from $100.9 million in the prior year primarily due to inflationary pressures,
                 resumption of travel and higher expenditure on information technology.

                 Net finance expense (operating)
                 Net finance expense (operating), which excludes interest income on loans to development JVs, derivative mark to market and unrealised
                 foreign exchange movements, increased to $18.5 million from $13.5 million. This was due to higher interest rates on loans but this was
                 partly offset by higher interest income received on our cash and hedges and an increase in capitalised interest, with more development
                 capital allocated directly by the Group.

                 Income tax expense (operating)
                 Income tax expense (operating) for FY24 at $169.7 million (2023: $144.0 million) increased compared to the prior year, primarily due to
                 the nature and geographic location of the Group’s growing earnings.

                 It should be noted that a significant proportion of Goodman’s property investment earnings related to GIT and its controlled entities,
                 which, as trusts, are ‘flow through’ entities under Australian tax legislation, meaning Securityholders (and not GIT) are taxed on their
                 respective share of income.

                 Many countries have either adopted or have indicated that they are going to adopt the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
                 Development’s (OECD) Pillar Two minimum tax regime, which has the objective of requiring a minimum effective corporate tax rate of
                 15% for large multinational enterprises. The Group will continue to review the impacts of any proposed changes but does not anticipate
                 that the legislation will have a material impact on the Group’s results.




                                                                                                                                                            20
                                                                                Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Capital management

                 Interest bearing liabilities
                 At 30 June 2024, the Group’s available debt facilities and fixed rate long-term bonds totalled $5.8 billion, of which $3.7 billion had been
                 drawn, and had a weighted average maturity of 5.1 years. The Group’s cash and undrawn bank facilities totalled $3.8 billion and there are
                 no significant debt maturities until September 2025.

                 At 30 June 2024, gearing was 8.4% (2023: 8.3%), which continued to be at the lower end of the Group’s policy range of 0% to 25%.
                 Interest cover was 44.0 times (2023: 48.3 times) and the Group continued to have significant headroom relative to its financing
                 covenants. Goodman’s strong investment grade credit ratings were unchanged over the year.

                 Including the Partnerships, the Group completed $8.1 billion of debt financing to extend and expand its capacity. The Group also secured
                 $1.4 billion in third party equity commitments, which will provide capacity for future acquisition and development opportunities. At 30
                 June 2024, the Partnerships had $13.9 billion in available cash, undrawn bank facilities and equity commitments, noting that the majority
                 of the equity commitments remain subject to the approval by the relevant investment partners, including Goodman, of proposed




For personal use only
                 property investments for which the funding is required.

                 Dividends and distributions
                 The Group’s distribution for FY24 was again maintained at 30 cents per security, a pay-out ratio of 28% (FY23: 32%), with 15 cents per
                 security paid on 23 February 2024 and 15 cents per security to be paid on 26 August 2024. This pay-out ratio has assisted the Group in
                 retaining funds for its ongoing development activity and in keeping gearing at an appropriate level, within the desired range. The
                 distribution reinvestment plan was not in operation during the year.

                 In respect of the separate components that comprise the 30 cents per security distribution for FY24:
                 + Goodman Limited did not declare any dividends during the year (2023: $nil)
                 + Goodman Industrial Trust declared and accrued distributions of 26.0 cents per security (2023: 25.0 cents per security), amounting
                      to $493.8 million (2023: $470.4 million)
                 + GLHK declared and accrued a dividend of 4.0 cents per security (2023: 5.0 cents per security), amounting to $76.0 million (2023:
                      $94.2 million).

                 Summary of items that reconcile operating profit to statutory profit

                 Property valuation related movements
                 The net gain from fair value adjustments on investment properties directly held by Goodman was $6.0 million (2023: $278.9 million). The
                 uplift in value was primarily due to development completions in Australia.

                 Goodman’s share of net losses from fair value adjustments before deferred tax attributable to investment properties in Partnerships was
                 $1,542.9 million (2023: gain of $508.1 million), primarily due to the expansion in capitalisation rates, partly offset by increases in market
                 rents. The Group’s share of the deferred tax credits in the Partnerships due to the property valuation decrements was $132.5 million.

                 At 30 June 2024, the weighted average capitalisation rate for Goodman’s stabilised property portfolios (both directly held and
                 Partnerships) was 0.7 percentage points higher than 30 June 2023, increasing from 4.5% to 5.2%.




                                                                                                                                                               21
                                                                                 Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Fair value movements on properties subject to contracts for disposal
                 Given the large size and scale of the Group’s projects, it is common for development periods to extend beyond 12 months. Consequently,
                 properties under development or repositioning may be subject to significant fair value adjustments at reporting dates during the
                 development phase. These fair value adjustments are reflected in the Group’s statutory profit attributable to Securityholders (as a
                 valuation movement) but do not form part of the Group’s operating profit at that time, as the gains have not been realised.

                 However, in the reporting period when the property has been sold, then under the Group’s operating profit policy, any property valuation
                 movements that have arisen between the date of commencement of the most recent development or repositioning activities and the
                 date of disposal are allocated to operating profit, as development earnings. This aligns the Group’s performance measurement with the
                 commercial outcomes that are linked to the cash generation from these activities. The effect of this policy is that the Group’s operating
                 profit will reflect the full cash gain, but only in the period in which the transaction completes.

                 During FY24, gains of $322.3 million (2023: $511.8 million) were realised on completion of such transactions and as a consequence this
                 amount has been reported as part of the Group’s operating profit for FY24. In the reconciliation of the operating profit to profit
                 attributable to Securityholders, these gains have been notionally offset against the current year valuation gains so that they are not




For personal use only
                 double counted.

                 At 30 June 2024, the Group’s share of cumulative unrealised valuation gains on properties that were subject to contracts for disposal but
                 had not yet been derecognised was $4.4 million (2023: $271.3 million). These gains have been reported as part of the Group’s statutory
                 profit attributable to Securityholders in either the current or prior periods and would form part of future years’ operating profit if and when
                 the transactions are settled.

                 There were no impairment losses associated with the Group’s inventories during the year.

                 Fair value adjustments relating to hedging activities
                 The amount reported in the income statement associated with the Group’s derivative financial instruments was a net loss of $10.8 million
                 (2023: $225.8 million net loss). Whilst the AUD was weaker compared to most of the Group’s foreign currencies for a large part of FY24
                 (the notable exception being JPY) it strengthened during June 2024 such that at 30 June 2024 it ended up marginally stronger than
                 almost all the Group’s currencies when compared to 30 June 2023. This resulted in an unrealised mark to market gain on the foreign
                 exchange hedges over the year. This gain was more than offset by the decline in the fair value of the interest rate hedges.

                 In accordance with our Financial Risk Management (FRM) policy, the Group continues to hedge between 65% and 90% of the net
                 investment in major overseas operations. Where Goodman invests in foreign assets, it will borrow in that currency or enter into derivative
                 financial instruments to create a similar liability. In so doing, Goodman reduces its economic exposures to those currencies. The
                 unrealised fair value movement of the derivative financial instruments (up or down) is recorded in the income statement; however, the
                 foreign currency translation of the net investment that is being hedged is recorded directly in reserves. In FY24, the movement in
                 reserves attributable to foreign currency movements was a $115.8 million loss (2023: $360.6 million gain).

                 Other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring items
                 The principal other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring items for FY24 related to the share-based payments expense of $501.4
                 million (2023: $286.0 million) for Goodman’s LTIP. The increase was primarily due to the movement in the Goodman security price in the
                 year, from $20.07 to $34.75 in FY24 compared to $17.84 to $20.07 in FY23. This has resulted in a higher expense on remeasurement of
                 the cash settled performance rights. Other factors include the full amortisation of the performance rights attributable to the former
                 employees in New Zealand on internalisation of the management rights.




                                                                                                                                                              22
                                                                                Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Statement of financial position

                                                                                                                                           2024          2023
                                                                                                                                             $M            $M
                  Stabilised properties                                                                                                 1,417.0       2,086.2
                  Cornerstone investments in Partnerships                                                                             13,688.8       14,328.7
                  Development holdings                                                                                                 5,334.5        4,565.4
                  Intangible assets                                                                                                      829.5           850.1
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             1,785.3        1,360.1
                  Other assets                                                                                                            773.0         836.7
                  Total assets                                                                                                       23,828.1       24,027.2
                  Interest bearing liabilities                                                                                         3,686.7        3,292.9
                  Other liabilities                                                                                                    2,603.5        2,709.5
                  Total liabilities                                                                                                  6,290.2         6,002.4




For personal use only
                  Net assets                                                                                                         17,537.9       18,024.8

                 At 30 June 2024, the carrying value of the directly held stabilised investment properties, which included assets held for sale of $25.7
                 million (2023: $509.6 million), decreased by $669.2 million to $1,417.0 million at 30 June 2024. This was due to disposals of $773.7 million
                 in Australia and Continental Europe, valuation decrements of $28.6 million, net transfers to development holdings of $114.7 million and
                 foreign currency translation losses of $22.6 million, partly offset by acquisitions and development expenditure of $270.0 million
                 (predominantly Australia and the Americas).

                 The value of Goodman’s cornerstone investments in Partnerships, which excludes the Group’s share of their development assets,
                 decreased by $639.9 million to $13,688.8 million. The movements during the year included the valuation decrements (net of deferred
                 tax) across the portfolios of $1,400.9 million and foreign currency translation losses of $57.6 million, partly offset by the Group’s net
                 investments in the Partnerships of $698.4 million and transfers from development properties on stabilisation of $115.4 million.

                 Goodman’s development holdings increased by $769.1 million to $5,334.5 million (2023: $4,565.4 million). Overall, activity levels have
                 been marginally lower across the year, with the level of ongoing activity at 30 June 2024 being equivalent to an annual production rate of
                 $6.4 billion. However, the Group’s development WIP at 30 June 2024 was maintained at $13.0 billion (2023: $13.0 billion).

                 The directly held development assets (inventories and investment properties) increased by $320.3 million to $2,936.0 million (2023:
                 $2,615.7 million), with acquisitions and capital expenditure of $731.8 million, valuation uplifts of $34.6 million and net transfers from
                 stabilised properties of $114.7 million. These increases were partly offset by disposals of $532.9 million and foreign currency translation
                 losses of $28.0 million.

                 The Group’s share of development assets in the Partnerships increased by $448.8 million to $2,398.5 million (2023: $1,949.7 million).
                 This was due to acquisitions of $620.1 million, partly offset by transfers to stabilised assets at completion of $115.4 million, valuation
                 decrements of $9.5 million (net of deferred tax benefit of $6.6 million) and foreign currency translation losses of $33.4 million.

                 The principal goodwill and intangible asset balance relates to Continental Europe of A$611.1 million (2023: $622.8 million). The movement
                 in the consolidated balance during the year related to the internalisation of the Goodman Property Trust management rights in New
                 Zealand and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. There were no impairments or reversals of impairments during the year.

                 The movement in the cash balance during the year is explained in the cash flows section of this report.

                 In respect of the interest bearing liabilities, during FY24 Goodman negotiated a number of bank facilities to increase facility limits and
                 extend the Group’s weighted average maturity profile. In addition, in April 2024, the Group completed a tender offer that resulted in
                 repayment of EUR 197.0 million of the EUR 500.0 million notes that were scheduled to mature in September 2025 and issued new notes
                 of EUR 500.0 million that mature in May 2030. There are no significant debt maturities in the next 12 months, with the next scheduled
                 repayment being the remainder of the notes of EUR 303.0 million that mature in September 2025.




                                                                                                                                                               23
                                                                                   Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Other assets included receivables, right of use assets from the Group’s operating leases (primarily office premises) and the fair values of
                 certain derivative financial instruments, which hedge the Group’s interest rate and foreign exchange rate risks. There were no material
                 movements during FY24.

                 Other liabilities included trade and other payables, lease liabilities, the provision for distributions to Securityholders, fair values of certain
                 derivative financial instruments and tax liabilities (including deferred tax). The decrease in other liabilities is primarily due to lower
                 liabilities associated with the Group’s derivative financial instruments.

                 Cash flows

                                                                                                                                               2024            2023
                                                                                                                                                  $M             $M
                  Operating cash flows                                                                                                       1,188.6        1,284.2
                  Investing cash flows                                                                                                       (688.2)          (716.0)




For personal use only
                  Financing cash flows (excluding dividends and distributions)                                                                 515.0          253.3
                  Dividends and distributions paid                                                                                           (567.4)          (562.1)
                  Net increase in cash held                                                                                                  448.0            259.4
                  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                                     1,360.1       1,056.0
                  Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held                                                                             (22.8)         44.7
                  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                                         1,785.3         1,360.1

                 Operating cash flows
                 Operating cash flows of $1,188.6 million (2023: $1,284.2) million were lower than the prior year. This was mainly due to lower receipts from
                 development inventory disposals and higher development expenditure as the Group expanded its development capital allocation, partly
                 offset by an increase in cash received from management activities (portfolio performance fees).

                 The net development cash inflow was $494.6 million (2023: $827.1 million). The difference between development cash flow reported in
                 operating activities and the Group’s development earnings has remained the primary reason for the difference between operating cash
                 flow and operating profit. The gross receipts from development activities were lower than the prior year at $1,311.9 million (2023: $1,416.7
                 million) primarily due to the timing of inventory completions. The gross payments for development activities, which include acquisitions of
                 development inventories and development capital expenditure, were higher than the prior year at $817.3 million (2023: $589.6 million), as
                 the Group has continued to invest in directly held inventories, which are expected to generate development earnings in future periods.

                 Cash outflows from other cash payments decreased by $28.8 million to $466.7 million, partly due to timing of working capital cash flows
                 as overall operating costs increased slightly compared to FY23. These payments again included the outflow of $70.3 million (2023: $67.2
                 million) from the cash settled performance rights under the LTIP. Consistent with recent financial years, new securities were issued
                 (reported in financing cash flows) to fund the cash settled portion of the LTIP and as a result, the LTIP was cash neutral overall.

                 The Partnerships have continued to distribute their net cash flows from property investment (rental income) and the distributions
                 received from Partnerships in FY24 were $609.3 million (2023: $583.5 million) as property investment earnings have increased
                 compared to FY23. The distributions received also include the Group’s share of development activities in the Partnerships, which have
                 been broadly consistent with the prior year.

                 Portfolio performance fee revenues are reported under cash receipts from management and other activities, which increased by A$161.6
                 million to A$639.4 million. The timing of receipts of portfolio performance fees is dependent on the assessment dates for the
                 Partnerships although revenues may be recognised in advance of the assessment dates where the returns and the economic conditions
                 mean that the receipt of revenue is highly probable. During FY24, the cash inflows from performance and transaction related earnings
                 were $182.6 million (2023: $30.8 million), higher than FY23 because there were more performance fee assessment dates. This inflow
                 would have been $148.6 million higher, but this income was directly invested in additional equity of the respective Partnerships, resulting
                 in a lower operating cash inflow and a lower investing cash outflow.




                                                                                                                                                                   24
                                                                                 Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Investing cash flows
                 Investing net cash outflow was $688.2 million (2023: $716.0 million), a decreased outflow of $27.8 million compared to the prior year. The
                 Group has continued to invest in its property portfolio, both directly held investment properties and in the Partnerships. During FY24 cash
                 outflows for acquisitions of directly held properties were $363.0 million (2023: $441.2 million) and for investments in the Group’s
                 Partnerships were $1,105.3 million (2023: $1,243.9 million).

                 Partly offsetting these outflows, the Group received proceeds of $795.6 million (2023: $629.7 million) from the disposals of investment
                 properties in Australia. In the prior year there had also been inflows of $352.4 million from the partial disposal of the Group’s investment in
                 a Partnership joint venture in Australia.

                 Financing cash flows
                 Financing net cash outflow (net of dividends and distributions) was $52.4 million, a movement of $256.4 million compared to a net cash
                 outflow of $308.8 million in the prior year.

                 Proceeds from borrowings and derivative financial instruments were $849.8 million (2023: $1,029.3 million). This included cash inflows in




For personal use only
                 respect of new bank facilities of $824.8 million (2023: $192.9 million) and drawdowns on the Group’s existing revolving bank loans of
                 $25.0 million (2023: $836.4 million).

                 Payments on borrowings and derivative financial instruments were $456.0 million (2023: $772.0 million). This included repayments on
                 the Group’s revolving bank loans of $58.0 million (2023: $550.0 million), the repayment of the Euro notes $324.9 million (EUR 197.0
                 million) in April 2024 and payments on derivative maturities of $73.1 million (2023: $84.5 million).

                 The net cash flow from related party loans was an inflow of $62.8 million (2023: $58.0 million net outflow). These loans are provided by
                 the Group to fund developments in the Partnerships (including JVs) and are repaid either at completion or when the Partnership obtains
                 its own external debt.

                 The net proceeds from the issue of stapled securities of $70.3 million (2023: $67.2 million) were directly used to fund obligations under
                 the LTIP that have been reported as part of the Group’s operating cash flows.

                 The other principal financing cash outflows were the distributions paid to Securityholders of $567.5 million (2023: $562.1 million).




                                                                                                                                                              25
                                                                                Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Operating and financial review (continued)

                 Outlook

                 We have positioned Goodman as a major provider of essential infrastructure globally. This is the result of many years of focus and has
                 produced significant embedded value in the Group’s assets.
                 The outlook for the Group remains positive with the active rotation of our capital a key factor in funding sustained earnings growth over
                 the long term, as part of the Group’s strategy to maintain a prudent level of financial leverage.
                 While our logistics offering remains core to the business with strong underlying fundamentals expected to be maintained, data centres
                 are anticipated to be a major area of growth going forward. We are in active negotiations with several customers for powered shell and
                 fully fitted turnkey facilities across our power bank, with substantial new starts anticipated to commence between now and the end of
                 2025.
                 We continue to assess the Group’s capital allocation, to both existing and potential opportunities, to provide the best risk-adjusted
                 returns.




For personal use only
                 We are well positioned heading into FY25, with a strong development workbook underway, a robust capital position and attractive
                 opportunities before us. We expect FY25 operating EPS to be 117.2 cents per security, up 9.0% on FY24, with the annual distribution
                 maintained at 30 cents per security.

                 Risks

                 Goodman identifies strategic and operational risks for each of its regions as part of its strategy process. The key risks, an assessment of
                 their likelihood of occurrence and consequences and controls that are in place to mitigate the risks are reported to the Board regularly.

                 Goodman has established formal systems and processes to manage the risks at each stage of its decision making process. This is
                 facilitated by a Group Investment Committee comprising senior executives, chaired by the Group Chief Executive Officer, which
                 considers all major operational decisions and transactions. The Group Investment Committee meets on a weekly basis.

                 The Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee reviews and monitors a range of material risks in Goodman’s risk management systems
                 including, among other risks, market risks, operational risks, sustainability, regulation and compliance, financial risk management, tax
                 policies and information technology.

                 The key risks faced by Goodman and the controls that have been established to manage those risks are set out in the table overleaf:




                                                                                                                                                             26
                                                                                      Goodman Group



                 Directors’ report
                 (continued)

                                        Risk area                                 Mitigation
                        Capital         Goodman could suffer an inability to      +    Monthly preparation of a consolidated Capital Management Plan, which is
                        management      deliver its strategy, or an acute              reported to the Group Investment Committee and the Finance and
                        (debt, equity   liquidity or solvency crisis, financial        Treasury management committee
                        and cash        loss or financial distress as a result    +    Financial reporting to the Goodman Board
                        flow)           of a failure in the design or             +    Weekly cashflow monitoring and reporting
                                        execution of its capital                  +    Goodman Board approved FRM policy
                                        management and financing                  +    Capital partnering transfers risks into Partnerships
                                        strategy.                                 +    Low gearing, ample liquidity and appropriate hedging and duration to
                                                                                       absorb market shocks
                                                                                  +    Diversity and tenor of debt funding sources and cash on deposit
                                                                                  +    Appropriate hedging quantities and duration in accordance with FRM
                                                                                       policy




For personal use only
                                                                                  +    Distribution pay-out ratio consistent with contribution of development
                                                                                       earnings
                                                                                  +    Long lease terms with prime customers
                                                                                  +    Strong assets that can generate better rental outcomes and growth
                                                                                  +    Key urban market strategy – urban, infill locations support re-usability of
                                                                                       property
                                                                                  +    Insurance program (both Goodman’s and key counterparties) including
                                                                                       project specific insurance
                        Economic        Economic conditions and                   +    Global diversification of Goodman’s property portfolios
                        environment     government policies present both          +    Focus on core property portfolios in key urban market locations and
                                        risks and opportunities in the                 adaptable assets
                                        property and financial markets and        +    Focus on cost management
                                        the business of our customers,            +    Annual risk assessment and profile
                                        which can impact the delivery of          +    Annual budget
                                        Goodman's strategy and its                +    Regular independent property valuations
                                        financial performance.                    +    Asset planning program
                                                                                  +    Prudent capital management with low gearing and significant available
                                                                                       liquidity to allow for potential market shocks
                                                                                  +    Adherence to FRM policy as it relates to hedging of interest rates and
                                                                                       currencies
                                                                                  +    Co-investment with local capital partners
                        Geopolitical    A continued increase in geopolitical      +    Global diversification of Goodman’s property portfolios
                                        tension between countries could           +    Focus on core property portfolios in key urban market locations and
                                        have consequences on our people,               adaptable assets
                                        operations, and capital partners.         +    Annual business strategy
                                                                                  +    Focus on cost management
                                                                                  +    Annual risk assessment and profile
                                                                                  +    Co-investment with local capital partners




                                                                                                                                                                27
                                                                                    Goodman Group



                 Directors’ report
                 (continued)

                                      Risk area                                 Mitigation
                        Governance,   Non-compliance with legislation,          + Independent governance structures
                        regulation    regulators, or internal policies, or an   + Core values and attitudes, with an embedded compliance culture focused
                        and           ability to understand and respond to           on best practice
                        compliance    changes in the political and              + Resourcing in Legal, Compliance and Risk
                                      regulatory environment (including         + Review of transactions by the Group Investment Committee
                                      taxation) could result in legal action,   + Annual compliance plan audits
                                      financial consequences and damage         + Partnership investment committees independent of the manager
                                      our standing and reputation with          + Global tax risk management framework
                                      stakeholders.                             + Regional and Group Executive declarations and sign-offs
                                                                                + Verification process and sign-off of public documents
                                                                                + Comprehensive insurance program, covering property, liability, Directors
                                                                                     and Officers and Professional Indemnity




For personal use only
                                                                                + Continuous disclosure regime – regular group management meetings

                        People and    Failure to recruit, develop, support,     +    Competitive remuneration structures, in particular performance rights
                        culture       and retain staff with the right skills         under the LTIP, with ALL staff having ownership
                                      and experience may result in              +    Succession planning for senior executives and key roles
                                      significant underperformance or           +    Performance management and staff review
                                      impact the effectiveness of               +    Overall performance review ratings to assess culture and engagement
                                      operations and decision making, in        +    Learning and development program to enhance skills sets
                                      turn impacting business                   +    Goodman Values program
                                      performance.                              +    Staff engagement through team strategy days, town halls and the (good)
                                                                                     life program
                                                                                +    Creative incentive schemes or remuneration packages to retain high
                                                                                     performing Data Centre employees
                        Development   Development risks may arise from          +    Review and approval of development projects by the Group Investment
                                      location, site complexity, planning            Committee and relevant Partnership Investment Committee
                                      and permitting, infrastructure, size,     +    Targeted returns are higher for the size and complexity of the project
                                      duration along with general               +    Engaging general contractors that are appropriately capitalised
                                      contractor capability.                    +    Senior oversight and responsibility by Executive Directors
                                                                                +    Capital partnering transfers risks into partnerships
                                                                                +    Specialised staff who understand the development process, including
                                                                                     dedicated development staff within each region
                                                                                +    Goodman defined design specifications, which cover environmental,
                                                                                     technological, and safety requirements, protecting against short-term
                                                                                     obsolescence
                                                                                +    Fixed price, design and construct contracts with appropriately capitalised
                                                                                     contractors
                                                                                +    Redevelopment of older assets to intensify use
                                                                                +    Insurance program (both Goodman’s and key contractors), including
                                                                                     project specific insurance
                                                                                +    Spread and diversification of projects across markets
                                                                                +    Ongoing monitoring and reporting of WIP and levels of speculative
                                                                                     development, with Board oversight including limits with respect to
                                                                                     speculative development
                                                                                +    Implementation of Goodman policies and procedures (e.g. reporting,
                                                                                     Safety framework and delegation of authority)
                                                                                +    Leasing prior to reaching development completion




                                                                                                                                                             28
                                                                                      Goodman Group



                 Directors’ report
                 (continued)

                                         Risk area                                Mitigation
                        Disruption,      The longer-term risk that an inability   + Key urban market strategy – urban, infill locations support re-usability of
                        changes in       to understand and respond                     property
                        demand and       effectively to changes in our            + Adaptable and reusable building design – ease to reconfigure for another
                        obsolescence     competitive landscape and                     customer
                                         customer value chain could result in     + Geographic diversification - capital allocation across regions and location
                                         business model disruption and                 of properties
                                         asset obsolescence, including the        + Capital partnering transfers risks into partnerships
                                         perception of obsolescence in the        + Insurance program (both Goodman’s and key contractors), including
                                         short term.                                   project specific insurance covering design and defects
                                                                                  + Long lease terms with prime customers
                                                                                  + Innovation and technology strategy – visibility and insight into technology
                                                                                       trends along with direct investment into technology start-ups




For personal use only
                                                                                  + Competition analysis and behaviour

                        Environmental    Failure to deliver on Goodman's          +    Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability policy
                        sustainability   sustainability leadership strategy       +    2030 Sustainability Strategy and reporting against those targets
                        and climate      and ambitions may lead to a              +    Assessment of individual assets to improve resilience and implementation
                        change           negative impact on Goodman's                  of sustainability initiatives
                                         reputation, ability to raise capital     +    Sustainability guidelines for development projects including embodied
                                         and a disruption to operations and            carbon measurement and offset
                                         stranded assets.                         +    Review and approval of acquisitions and development projects by the
                                                                                       Group Investment Committee and relevant Partnership Investment
                                                                                       Committee, including consideration of climate risks in the due diligence
                                                                                       process and minimum property specifications
                                                                                  +    Adoption of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
                                                                                       recommendations as a framework for the assessment, management and
                                                                                       disclosure of climate risks
                                                                                  +    Investor, customer and regulatory requirements
                                                                                  +    Verification process and sign-off of public sustainability documents
                                                                                  +    Adherence to Group Procurement Policy for selection and purchase of
                                                                                       Carbon Credits
                                                                                  +    LTIP performance directly linked to meeting the Group’s sustainability
                                                                                       initiatives
                                                                                  +    Working directly with industry bodies to help promote industry
                                                                                       engagement and understand disclosure obligations
                                                                                  +    Working with supply chain to promote carbon reduction through choice of
                                                                                       materials etc




                                                                                                                                                             29
                                                                                     Goodman Group



                 Directors’ report
                   (continued)

                                         Risk area                                    Mitigation
                        Asset and        Inability to execute asset planning     +    Key urban market strategy – urban, infill locations where customer
                        portfolio        and management strategies,                   demand is strongest
                                         including leasing risk exposures, can   +    In-house property management team
                                         reduce returns from Goodman's           +    Diversification of customer base and lease expiries
                                         portfolios.                             +    Review and approval of significant leasing transactions and development
                                                                                      projects by the Group Investment Committee and relevant Partnership
                                                                                      Investment Committee
                                                                                 +    Capital expenditure programs keeping pace with property lifecycle
                                                                                 +    Implementation of Goodman policies and procedures (e.g. reporting,
                                                                                      Safety framework, sustainability measures and minimum design
                                                                                      specifications)
                                                                                 +    Insurance program including public liability policies and property risk




For personal use only
                                                                                      assessment reports
                                                                                 +    Customer risk assessments
                                                                                 +    Asset plans - in particular categorisation of assets, maintenance program,
                                                                                      customer engagement
                                                                                 +    Portfolio strategy – locations, type of building

                        Concentration    Over-exposure to specific areas,        +    Standardised governance structures around Partnerships, which includes:
                        of               such as capital partners, supply               - Relationship deeds articulating service arrangements
                        counterparties   chain, customers and markets, may              - Pre-emptive rights
                        and markets      limit growth and sustainability         +    Independent governance structures of Partnerships
                                         opportunities.                          +    Diversification of capital partners and fund expiries, including local
                                                                                      investors. Analysis of alternate capital sources
                                                                                 +    Goodman’s cornerstone investment in each Partnership and the
                                                                                      underlying strength of the Manager
                                                                                 +    Appropriate management contracts across all Partnerships
                                                                                 +    Contractor pre-selection and tendering
                                                                                 +    Diversification of customer base and lease expiry
                                                                                 +    Investment metrics established for GMG and Partnerships, setting limits
                                                                                      including:
                                                                                        - Speculative development
                                                                                        - Geographic and customer exposure
                                                                                 +    FRM policy at the Group (and Partnerships where appropriate)
                                                                                      establishing criteria for financial institution counterparties




                                                                                                                                                             30
                                                                                      Goodman Group



                 Directors’ report
                   (continued)

                                         Risk area                                     Mitigation
                        Information,     Maintaining security (including cyber    +    Strategic roadmap for delivery of secured IT systems, benchmarked
                        data and         security) of Information Technology           against the Australian Signal Directorate’s Essential maturity model and
                        cyber security   (IT) environment and data, ensuring           the United States National Institute of Standards and Technology Cyber
                                         continuity of IT                              Security framework
                                         infrastructure and applications to       +    Proactive monitoring, review and testing of infrastructure and system
                                         support sustainability and growth             behaviour
                                         and prevent operational,                 +    Incident response, disaster recovery and business continuity planning
                                         regulatory, financial and reputational   +    Penetration testing, vulnerability scanning and network review to identify
                                         impacts.                                      and remediate
                                                                                  +    IT Dashboard Reporting to the Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee
                                                                                  +    Phishing awareness program implemented to educate and test
                                                                                       employees’ awareness and vigilance in avoiding threats




For personal use only
                                                                                  +    Cyber security awareness/training
                                                                                  +    Decommissioning legacy systems
                                                                                  +    Transition from employee password reliance
                                                                                  +    Speed of threat/vulnerability detection
                                                                                  +    Data system back-up/restore testing
                                                                                  +    Phishing simulation testing/reporting
                                                                                  +    Reporting and compliance with Essential Eight, baseline strategies to
                                                                                       mitigate cyber security incidents, developed by the Australian Cyber
                                                                                       Security Centre.




                                                                                                                                                                    31
                                                                                Goodman Group



                 Directors’ report
                 QUALIFICATIONS, EXPERIENCE AND SPECIAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND COMPANY
                 SECRETARY

                 Board of Directors

                 Stephen Johns
                 Independent Chairman
                 Stephen is the Independent Chairman and a Non-executive Director of Goodman Limited, Goodman Funds Management Limited and
                 Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited.

                 Appointed: 1 January 2017 to Goodman Limited and Goodman Funds Management Limited; 19 November 2020 to Goodman Logistics
                 (HK) Limited.




For personal use only
                 Board Committees: Chair of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee and member of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee
                 and Sustainability and Innovation Committee.

                 Skills, Experience and Expertise
                 Stephen is a former executive of Westfield Group where he had a long executive career during which he held a number of senior
                 positions including that of Finance Director from 1985 to 2002. He was a non-executive director of Westfield Group from 2003 to 2013.

                 Stephen has previously been Chairman of Brambles Limited, Leighton Holdings Limited and Spark Infrastructure Group.

                 He has a Bachelor of Economics degree from The University of Sydney and is a Fellow of Chartered Accountants Australia and New
                 Zealand and a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

                 Other Directorships and Offices
                 + Director of the Garvan Institute of Medical Research
                 + Director of European-Australian Business Council.

                 Gregory Goodman
                 Group Chief Executive Officer
                 Gregory is Group Chief Executive Office of Goodman and a Director of Goodman Limited and Goodman Funds Management Limited.
                 He is also an alternate director of Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited.

                 Appointed: 7 August 1998 to Goodman Limited and 17 January 1995 to Goodman Funds Management Limited; 18 January 2012 to
                 Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited.

                 Board Committees: Nil.

                 Skills, Experience and Expertise
                 Gregory is responsible for Goodman’s overall operations and the implementation of its strategic plan. He has over 30 years of
                 experience in the property industry with significant expertise in industrial property. Gregory is the founder of Goodman, playing an
                 integral role in establishing its specialist global position in the property market through various corporate transactions, including
                 takeovers, mergers and acquisitions.

                 Other Directorships and Offices
                 + Director of Goodman Property Services (NZ) Limited (the manager of the New Zealand Exchange listed Goodman Property Trust)
                 + Director and/or representative on other subsidiaries and management companies of Goodman and its Partnerships
                 + Director of Goodman Foundation Pty Limited as trustee of the Goodman Foundation.




                                                                                                                                                         32
                                                                                Goodman Group



                 Directors’ report
                 Qualifications, experience and special responsibilities of Directors and Company Secretary
                 (continued)

                 Christopher Green
                 Independent Director
                 Chris is an Independent Non-executive Director of Goodman Limited and Goodman Funds Management Limited.

                 Appointed: 28 April 2019.

                 Board Committees: Chairman of the Sustainability and Innovation Committee and member of the Remuneration and Nomination
                 Committee.

                 Skills, Experience and Expertise
                 Chris spent 16 years at Macquarie Group and was the Global Head of Macquarie Capital’s real estate business leading its global




For personal use only
                 expansion through to 2018.

                 Chris is the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of GreenPoint Partners, a New York headquartered firm investing in real estate
                 innovation, technology and private equity. Chris is also the Co-Founder and Chairman of Wyuna Regenerative Ag which offers large-
                 scale land regeneration with a focus on sustainable food production, carbon sequestration and improved biodiversity.

                 He has a Bachelor of Laws (Honours) degree and a Bachelor of Commerce (Computer Science and Accounting) degree from The
                 University of Sydney.

                 Other Directorships and Offices
                 + Chief Executive Officer of GreenPoint Partners
                 + Director of Wyuna Regenerative Ag Pty Limited
                 + Director of Infinium Logistics Solutions UK Limited
                 + Director of The Opportunity Network
                 + Director of Outpost 53 Inc.

                 Mark Johnson
                 Independent Director
                 Mark is an Independent Non-executive Director of Goodman Limited and Goodman Funds Management Limited.

                 Appointed: 1 June 2020.

                 Board Committees: Chairman of the Audit, Risk & Compliance Committee and member of the Remuneration and Nomination
                 Committee.

                 Skills, Experience and Expertise
                 Mark is a trained accountant and spent 30 years at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) where he was CEO from 2008 to 2012 as well as
                 holding positions as Asian Deputy-Chairman and as a member of PwC’s global strategy council.

                 Mark also has extensive experience as a Director of charities, educational bodies and mutual organisations and he is currently a
                 Councillor at UNSW Sydney and the Chairman of the Hospitals Contribution Fund of Australia. He was Chairman and a director of G8
                 Education Limited and was formerly an independent director of Coca-Cola Amatil Limited, Westfield Corporation Limited and Boral
                 Limited.

                 Mark holds a Bachelor of Commerce (UNSW) degree and is a Fellow of Chartered Accountants Australia and New Zealand, Certified
                 Practicing Accountant Australia and Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

                 Other Directorships and Offices
                 + Director of Aurecon Limited
                 + Director of Metcash Limited
                 + Director of Sydney Airport Limited (and its subsidiaries).
                 Former Directorships of Other Listed Entities in the Past Three Years
                 + G8 Education Limited (January 2016 – November 2021)
                 + Director of Boral Limited (December 2021 – July 2024).


                                                                                                                                                     33
                                                                              Goodman Group



                 Directors’ report
                 Qualifications, experience and special responsibilities of Directors and Company Secretary
                 (continued)

                 Vanessa Liu
                 Independent Director
                 Vanessa is an Independent Non-executive Director of Goodman Limited and Goodman Funds Management Limited.

                 Appointed: 1 June 2022.

                 Board Committees: Member of the Sustainability and Innovation Committee.

                 Skills, Experience and Expertise

                 Vanessa is an experienced technology business leader and currently Co-Founder and CEO of SaaS technology company Sugarwork.




For personal use only
                 She has more than twenty years of experience in the technology sector having started her career at McKinsey in the Telecom, Media &
                 Technology Practice.

                 She was most recently Vice President of SAP.iO North America, SAP’s early-stage venture arm, where she recruited and accelerated 87
                 enterprise software startups. Prior to SAP, Vanessa was Chief Operating Officer at Trigger Media Group, a digital media venture studio,
                 and co-founded Trigger’s portfolio companies: digital media company InsideHook and SaaS technology company Fevo.

                 Vanessa serves as a Past President Director of the Harvard Alumni Association and is a member of the Harvard Board of Overseers.
                 Vanessa is also a Board Advisor of Talking Talent Ltd. and is a director of ASX listed Appen Ltd.

                 Vanessa graduated magna cum laude highest honours with an AB in Psychology from Harvard University and cum laude with a JD from
                 Harvard Law School. She was a Fulbright Scholar at Universiteit Utrecht in the Netherlands.

                 Other Directorships and Offices
                 + CEO/President/Director of Sugarwork, Inc.
                 + Member, Harvard University Board of Overseers
                 + Director of Appen Ltd.

                 Danny Peeters
                 Executive Director, Corporate
                 Danny is an Executive Director of Goodman Limited, Goodman Funds Management Limited and Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited.

                 Appointed: 1 January 2013 to Goodman Limited and Goodman Funds Management Limited; 1 February 2018 to Goodman Logistics (HK)
                 Limited.

                 Board Committees: Nil.

                 Skills, Experience and Expertise
                 Danny was formerly CEO of Goodman’s European business and has oversight and is currently the CEO of Goodman’s Brazilian
                 operations. Danny has been with Goodman since 2006 and has over 20 years of experience in the property and logistics sectors.

                 During his career, Danny has built up extensive experience in the design, implementation and outsourcing of pan-European supply chain
                 and real estate strategies for various multinationals. Danny was Chief Executive Officer of Eurinpro, a developer of tailor-made logistic
                 property solutions in Europe acquired by Goodman in May 2006.

                 Other Directorships and Offices
                 + Director and/or representative of Goodman’s subsidiaries and Partnership entities in Europe and Brazil.




                                                                                                                                                         34
                                                                                Goodman Group



                 Directors’ report
                 Qualifications, experience and special responsibilities of Directors and Company Secretary
                 (continued)

                 Phillip Pryke
                 Independent Director
                 Phillip was an Independent Non-executive Director of Goodman Limited and Goodman Funds Management Limited.

                 Appointed: 13 October 2010 and retired on 10 April 2024.

                 Board Committees: Member of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee and Sustainability and Innovation Committee (retired 10
                 April 2024)

                 Skills, Experience and Expertise
                 Phillip has wide experience in the fishing, energy, financial services, and health and technology industries and holds a Bachelor of




For personal use only
                 Economics degree.

                 Phillip is currently a director of Carbine Aginvest Corporation Limited. He was formerly a Director of Goodman (NZ) Limited (the former
                 manager of the New Zealand Exchange listed Goodman Property Trust), the Deputy Chairman and Lead Independent Director of New
                 Zealand Exchange listed Contact Energy Limited, a director of Tru-Test Corporation Limited and North Ridge Partners Pty Limited, Vice
                 President of EDS, Chief Executive of Nextgen Networks, Chief Executive Officer of Lucent Technologies Australia Pty Limited and New
                 Zealand Health Funding Authority and a member of the Treaty of Waitangi Fisheries Commission.

                 Other Directorships and Offices
                 + Director of Carbine Aginvest Corporation Limited.

                 Belinda Robson
                 Independent Director
                 Belinda is an Independent Non-executive Director of Goodman Limited and Goodman Funds Management Limited.

                 Appointed: 1 March 2023.

                 Board Committees: Member of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee.

                 Skills, Experience and Expertise
                 Belinda has over 30 years’ experience in the property industry, with specific expertise in retail and commercial property funds
                 management in the Asia Pacific. Prior to becoming a non-executive director, Belinda was an executive at Lend Lease Investment
                 Management and the fund manager for Australian Prime Property Fund Retail where she was responsible for developing and
                 implementing the fund strategy. She was a Director of Lendlease's Asian Retail Investment Funds until February 2024.

                 Belinda has a Bachelor of Commerce with Honours (Marketing) from the University of New South Wales.

                 Other Directorships and Offices
                 + Director of Region Group
                 + Director of GPT Funds Management Limited.




                                                                                                                                                        35
                                                                               Goodman Group



                 Directors’ report
                 Qualifications, experience and special responsibilities of Directors and Company Secretary
                 (continued)

                 Anthony Rozic
                 Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer North America
                 Anthony is an Executive Director of Goodman Limited and Goodman Funds Management Limited.

                 Appointed: 1 January 2013.

                 Board Committees: Nil.

                 Skills, Experience and Expertise
                 Anthony is an Executive Director and Deputy Chief Executive Officer (since August 2010). He was appointed Chief Executive Officer
                 North America in September 2016, and in that role is responsible for setting and managing the strategy, business performance and




For personal use only
                 corporate transactions for the Group’s North American business.

                 Anthony joined Goodman in 2004 as Group Chief Financial Officer and was appointed Group Chief Operating Officer in February 2009
                 before taking on his current positions.

                 Anthony is a qualified Chartered Accountant and has over 25 years’ experience in the property industry having previously held a number
                 of senior roles in the property funds management industry and chartered accountancy profession.

                 Other Directorships and Offices
                 + Director and/or representative of Goodman’s subsidiaries and Partnership entities in North America.

                 Hilary Spann
                 Independent Director
                 Hilary is an Independent Non-executive Director of Goodman Limited and Goodman Funds Management Limited.

                 Appointed: 4 April 2022.

                 Board Committees: Member of the Sustainability and Innovation Committee.

                 Skills, Experience and Expertise
                 Hilary has an extensive background in public and private equity markets and is currently a senior executive at NYSE-listed Boston
                 Properties, Inc. (NYSE: BXP), based in New York. There, she is responsible for all aspects of the office developer, owner, and manager’s
                 portfolio in the New York region. She was previously the Head of Real Estate for the Americas at CPP Investments and prior to that she
                 held a number of senior real estate roles at JPMorgan in the United States.

                 Hilary graduated from the Georgia Institute of Technology with a BS and a Masters in City Planning, both from the College of
                 Architecture. She also studied architecture at L’École Nationale Supérieure D'architecture de Paris – La Villette.

                 Other Directorships and Offices
                 + Executive Vice President, Boston Properties, Inc. (NYSE: BXP).




                                                                                                                                                            36
                                                                              Goodman Group



                 Directors’ report
                 Qualifications, experience and special responsibilities of Directors and Company Secretary
                 (continued)

                 George Zoghbi
                 Independent Director
                 George is an Independent Non-executive Director of Goodman Limited and Goodman Funds Management Limited.

                 Appointed: 11 April 2023.

                 Board Committees: Member of the Sustainability and Innovation Committee.

                 Skills, Experience and Expertise
                 Currently the Chief Executive Officer of The Arnott’s Group following its acquisition by private equity group KKR in 2020, George has
                 extensive international consumer packaged goods and supply chain experience. He is also a Strategic Advisor to Altimetrik – a US-




For personal use only
                 based digital and IT solutions company.

                 Previously, George was Chief Operating Officer – US Businesses at Kraft Heinz and prior to that Chief Operating Officer at Kraft Foods
                 Group. He has also held senior roles with Fonterra Cooperative and Associated British Foods. He has previously been a Director of
                 Brambles Limited and Director of Kraft Heinz Company (NASDAQ: KHC).

                 George has a Diploma of Business, Marketing, as well as a Master of Enterprise from the University of Melbourne. He has also completed
                 an Accelerated Development Programme at MC London Business School.

                 Other Directorships and Offices
                 + Chief Executive Officer of The Arnott’s Group
                 + Director of Altimetrik.

                 Directorships of other listed entities in the past three years
                 + Director of Brambles Limited (January 2016 to December 2023)


                 Carl Bicego
                 Group Head of Legal and Company Secretary
                 Appointed: 24 October 2006.

                 Skills, Experience and Expertise
                 Carl is the Company Secretary and Group Head of Legal and Risk at Goodman. Carl started his corporate law career at Allens in 1997,
                 after which he joined Goodman in 2006. He is currently Chair of the Corporate Governance and Regulation Committee of the Property
                 Council of Australia and a Fellow of the Governance Institute of Australia.

                 Carl holds a Master of Laws, Bachelor of Laws (Hons) and Bachelor of Economics.




                                                                                                                                                          37
                                                                                                 Goodman Group



                 Directors’ report
                 (continued)

                 Directors’ meetings (GL and GFML)

                 The number of Directors’ meetings held (including meetings of committees of Directors) and the number of meetings attended by each
                 of the Directors during the financial year were:

                                                                                                  Audit, Risk and     Remuneration and         Sustainability and
                                                                                               Compliance Committee Nomination Committee     Innovation Committee
                                                                 Board meetings                      meetings            meetings                  meetings
                                                                       1                                1                     1                      1
                  Directors                                     Held         Attended            Held       Attended   Held       Attended    Held       Attended
                  Stephen Johns                                   7                7               4             4      4            4          4           4
                  Gregory Goodman                                 7                7               -             -      -            -          -           -
                  Chris Green                                     7                6               -             -      4            4          4           4




For personal use only
                  Mark Johnson                                    7                7               4             4      4            4          -           -
                  Vanessa Liu                                     7                7               -             -      -            -          4           4
                  Danny Peeters                                   7                7               -             -      -            -          -           -
                                2
                  Phillip Pryke                                   5                5               3             3      -            -          3           3
                  Belinda Robson                                  7                7               4             4      -            -          -           -
                  Anthony Rozic                                   7                7               -             -      -            -          -           -
                  Hilary Spann                                    7                7               -             -      -            -          4           4
                  George Zoghbi                                   7                7               -             -      -            -          4           4

                 1.     Reflects the number of meetings individuals were entitled to attend.
                 2.     Philip Pryke retired as a director on 10 April 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                    38
                                                                               Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 (continued)

                 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

                 CONTENTS

                 Overview of sustainability framework
                         Summary of corporate governance and processes                                                            40

                 Sustainability objectives in our 2030 Sustainability Strategy and relationship to our annual business strategy
                         The three pillars of our 2030 Sustainability Strategy                                                    43
                         Materiality                                                                                              44
                         Key risk and opportunity summary                                                                         44
                         Financial statements impact                                                                              45

                 Goodman’s 2030 sustainability pillars
                       Sustainable properties and places                                                                          47




For personal use only
                       People, culture and community                                                                              50
                       Corporate governance and performance                                                                       52

                 Quantification of impacts, risks and opportunities
                          Emissions                                                                                               53
                          Business impact quantification                                                                          55

                 Performance reporting
                         Summary of quantified sustainability targets                                                             58




                                                                                                                                       39
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                 Our annual business strategy integrates Goodman’s sustainability objectives from the 2030 Sustainability Strategy. These objectives are
                 consistent with our desire to generate financially attractive outcomes over the long term.
                 Our sustainability report includes consideration and discussion of sustainability risks and opportunities identified by management – this
                 includes climate risks and opportunities.
                 For more information on Goodman’s 2030 Sustainability Strategy, visit https://www.goodman.com/sustainability/overview

                 OVERVIEW OF SUSTAINABILITY FRAMEWORK
                 The table below summarises the corporate governance frameworks we use to consider various environmental and social factors which
                 we believe may impact on our performance (including those relating to climate), and how we seek to address them.


                         Summary of corporate governance and processes
                        Governance frameworks     The Goodman Group Boards (being the Boards of Goodman Limited, Goodman Logistics Hong
                                                  Kong Limited and Goodman Funds Management Limited as Responsible entity of Goodman




For personal use only
                                                  Industrial Trust, and hereafter referred to as the “Board”) and the management team are committed
                                                  to high standards of governance. We also recognise that an effective corporate governance culture
                                                  is critical to the long-term performance of the business.
                                                     Goodman’s corporate governance framework underpins our commitment to maximise long-term
                                                     sustainable value for Securityholders through:
                                                     + Strategic planning and alignment of the interests of our people with those of Securityholders and
                                                        other stakeholders
                                                     + Effective controls, risk management, transparency and corporate responsibility
                                                     + Being an organisation that acts lawfully, ethically and responsibly in accordance with its corporate
                                                        values.
                                                     The Board works with management to consider and agree the strategic direction of the Group. Key
                                                     strategic considerations and targets are formally reviewed annually, or more frequently if required.
                                                     This includes the areas of property investment, development, investment management, capital
                                                     management, operational and sustainability strategies. Deliberations also take into account the
                                                     property ownership structures of Goodman’s Partnerships and the preferences of investment
                                                     partners.
                                                     This is an iterative process of evaluating emerging trends, seeking feedback from our customers,
                                                     suppliers, industry, investors, and investment partners, and considering the economic context, both
                                                     globally and by region.
                                                     It is through these processes that the 2030 Sustainability Strategy and the annual business strategy
                                                     are created and updated.




                                                                                                                                                              40
                                                                                   Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                          Summary of corporate governance and processes – continued
                        Risk and opportunity      In accordance with general director’s duties and the Board Charter, the Board seeks to identify items
                        identification process    that can materially impact on financial performance and to set parameters and strategies in relation
                                                  to these, as well as review their financial viability. Sustainability risks and opportunities (including
                                                  climate) are considered in this way. The scope of sustainability is outlined in the 2030 Sustainability
                                                  Strategy. Refer to the Materiality and the Key risk and opportunity sections of this report for more
                                                  information on the issues considered, which included Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial
                                                  Disclosures (TCFD) scenario analysis. The outcomes of these deliberations have resulted in the
                                                  strategies and initiatives in our 2030 Sustainability Strategy and are summarised in the remainder of
                                                  this report. A list of targets has been set including those in the Performance section of this report.

                                                      At a Goodman level, the work done by the Board happens in collaboration with management
                                                      (including internal experts such as our dedicated sustainability resources and the property
                                                      development and management team members who have relevant knowledge). It also involves the
                                                      Board committees, as well as external parties as required.




For personal use only
                                                      The specific bodies and their tasks are outlined below:
                                                      The Group’s Board committees
                                                      + The Audit Risk and Compliance Committee is involved in the oversight of financial disclosures,
                                                         risk and compliance matters including sustainability
                                                      + The Remuneration and Nomination Committee looks at remuneration linkages to sustainability
                                                         targets and other human resources (HR) related sustainability considerations
                                                      + The Sustainability and Innovation Committee considers property innovations including
                                                         technologies that impact sustainability
                                                      Other Goodman bodies
                                                      + The standalone Goodman Foundation Board considers social contributions.

                                                      Within the Partnerships, the key strategies, policies and practices are agreed with their investors and
                                                      are managed by the Group. Each of Goodman’s Partnerships has its own governance processes and
                                                      structure. The frequency of their meetings varies. Partnership board and/or investor committee
                                                      meetings occur at least annually – and commonly quarterly – and sustainability considerations are
                                                      included in strategic discussions; issues for consideration may be raised by Partners or by the Group.

                                                      Management is delegated with the responsibility to execute the agreed strategies by the Goodman
                                                      Board and the investment partners. The three key Goodman management committees designed to
                                                      manage its delegations are:
                                                        1. the weekly Group Investment Committee (GIC) – charter includes sustainability due diligence
                                                            for acquisitions and developments, with a focus on physical risk
                                                        2. the quarterly Corporate Services Committee (which includes Risk, Compliance and
                                                            Sustainability matters as standing agenda items) – reporting of progress on key sustainability
                                                            initiatives
                                                        3. the monthly Finance and Treasury Committee – incorporation of financial plans and reporting
                                                            of financial results, which include sustainability items.

                                                      These Committees are the mechanism management uses to consider, inform and respond to the
                                                      Board and its -committees, and to the relevant governance bodies of the Partnerships. Management
                                                      also uses its own industry expertise and takes external advice where required (such as the work
                                                      conducted in our TCFD analysis). The outworkings of these deliberations have been broken down
                                                      into various components that are relevant to the scope of the Board and management committees
                                                      so that the issues are being addressed. (Refer also to the Risks section in the Directors’ Report).




                                                                                                                                                                41
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                         Summary of corporate governance and processes – continued
                        Strategy formulation     The Board and management agree on annual updates to the Group’s strategic and financial plans
                        process                  (one-year and five-year). The FRM Policy, Risk Appetite Statements and Compliance Framework are
                                                 also reviewed and updated annually, with interim reviews and adjustments made as required. Each of
                                                 these tasks incorporate sustainability-related considerations. These policies and frameworks guide
                                                 the formulation of our sustainability strategy.

                                                    Relevant matters are then recommended to the governance bodies associated with the Partnerships.

                                                    As these bodies set the overarching requirements (for example, priorities and targets) Goodman then
                                                    incorporates these into the Group’s annual business strategy.
                        Measurement and             Relevant reporting against the Group’s targets and risk management objectives, including
                        reporting framework for     sustainability, is made available to the management committees and the Board and may be
                        metrics and targets         announced to the market periodically in accordance with the following:




For personal use only
                                                  Financial performance (which includes the impacts of sustainability initiatives):
                                                  + Monthly management reporting
                                                  + Board reporting at each meeting (typically scheduled every six to eight weeks – refer to the
                                                     Directors’ meetings section of the Directors’ report)
                                                  + External reporting. This includes financial statements for the Group (audited annually and
                                                     reviewed semi-annually) and reporting on Partnerships (annually).
                                                  Risk management indicators and strategies (including sustainability):
                                                  + Quarterly management reporting
                                                  + Quarterly reporting to the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee and at each Board meeting
                                                  + Annual external reporting.
                                                  Sustainability (including climate) risks, opportunities and progress on key metrics and strategies:
                                                  + Quarterly management reporting
                                                  + Semi-annual reporting to the Board and quarterly reporting to relevant Board committees
                                                  + Annual external reporting.
                 Refer to corporate governance statement and Board and Committee charters published on our website for more detail (including the
                 Board skills matrix): Corporate governance (goodman.com).




                                                                                                                                                          42
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                 SUSTAINABILITY OBJECTIVES IN OUR 2030 SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY AND RELATIONSHIP TO OUR
                 ANNUAL BUSINESS STRATEGY

                 Goodman supports both logistics and data centre customers that require space in key locations and where speed to market is critical,
                 allowing them to store, process and distribute products or data quickly and efficiently. Global trends in consumer behaviour and data
                 usage show an increasing demand for these services over time and we believe that as providers of this essential infrastructure we play a
                 significant role in servicing their needs.

                 As we seek to fulfill these essential purposes, we acknowledge that as one of the world’s largest owners, developers and managers of
                 industrial property and digital infrastructure, the way we operate impacts businesses, people and the environment. Therefore, our
                 strategy includes proactive practical measures aimed at reducing the environmental and community impact of our actions. Where
                 possible, we aim to go beyond reducing our impact and seek to also create benefits. This is occurring in a way that does not materially
                 compromise our short-term financial performance, and we believe supports our long-term viability.

                 Goodman’s focus on urban infill properties places our customers close to infrastructure such as transport hubs and close to consumers.




For personal use only
                 This provides our customers with faster speed to market which also creates the opportunity for potential environmental benefits
                 including an ability to reduce transport costs and related carbon emissions, as well as a reduced impact on biodiversity, relative to
                 greenfield developments.

                 We work with our suppliers, investment partners and customers to design and maintain buildings that are aimed at optimising their
                 performance relative to a range of operational efficiency objectives, environmental and social factors (more detail is discussed
                 elsewhere in this report and may be found on our website https://www.goodman.com/sustainability/overview/sustainable-properties.
                 On our new property developments, we aim to reduce the emissions resulting from their construction. We also focus on repurposing
                 brownfield sites and existing under-utilised buildings by turning them into appealing and modern properties. We believe this approach
                 can lead to positive economic, environmental, social and community outcomes. Our aim here is to reduce energy intensity (and
                 consequently Greenhouse Gas (“GHG”) emissions) for the economy as a whole, while endeavouring to minimise harm to the planet and
                 continue to generate attractive investment returns.

                 We are executing this sustainability strategy in an economically viable way for our customers and investors over the long term, which may
                 sometimes cost more (in terms of value per square or cubic metre) than similar properties with lower specifications and/or in cheaper
                 locations. However, there is also an economic rationale behind our strategy. We expect the growing emphasis on environmental
                 performance will enhance the long-term viability of our assets. Over time, this may help us continue to achieve high occupancy rates
                 which support greater utilisation of our properties.

                 We believe our approach reduces the risk of assets becoming vulnerable to the effects of climate change including both physical and
                 transition risks. It should support demand for our properties over time and, in turn, maintain returns for our investors. Importantly, this
                 approach also allows us to continue to provide ongoing employment for our people, as well as those employed by our suppliers.
                 Remaining financially strong and being able to consistently generate strong returns to investors also enables us to continue to make
                 strong social contributions through our donations.

                 We have categorised our sustainability considerations into three strategy pillars. These pillars act as guiding principles and are aligned to
                 nine of the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs). The UNSDGs were adopted by the United Nations in 2015 to
                 address a range of issues ranging from social equity to environmental degradation.

                 The three pillars of our 2030 Sustainability Strategy




                                                                                                                                                               43
                                                                                    Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                 Materiality

                 Underneath the three pillars of our sustainability strategy are a set of objectives and a list of initiatives focused on environmental and
                 social outcomes relevant to our business. From that we can derive specific targets related to the initiatives. We prioritise initiatives we
                 believe could have the greatest potential to benefit our sustainability objectives, while remaining cognisant of our financial performance
                 targets and our reputation with key stakeholders. Apart from the scenario analysis conducted in our TCFD work, the Board and
                 management use their own knowledge or that of outside parties such as industry experts, industry bodies and collaborations, customers
                 and suppliers, to identify risks and to formulate strategies.

                 Our current priority is to shift our business to one that is less carbon intensive and more resilient to climate risks, while continuing to
                 generate attractive financial performance. We strive to strengthen our ethical and responsible practices and deliver positive community
                 outcomes. We have set ambitious targets, and we report on our progress and performance.

                 We have also focused on initiatives that we can most influence through our own actions. Part of this work includes monitoring: global
                 trends, technological advancements, emerging disclosure and reporting standards, and customer and investor expectations. This helps




For personal use only
                 us in our aim to remain relevant in the markets we operate in.

                 After careful consideration of the risks and opportunities outlined later in this document, we have identified the following eight material
                 sustainability priorities that inform our 2030 Sustainability Strategy, our targets, and the initiatives we will undertake to achieve them.
                 + Actively contributing to the net zero transition of the global economy including addressing our own emission reduction plans
                 + Owning strategically located properties close to consumers in key global markets
                 + Developing and adapting properties that have an ability to be highly productive
                 + Delivering resilient assets that support human health
                 + Demonstrating Goodman’s values and promoting diversity, inclusiveness and social equity
                 + Investing responsibly and with defined governance and sustainable capital structures
                 + Sustainable sourcing, including environmental and social considerations to influence (where appropriate and possible) the practices
                     of parties in our value chain
                 + Promoting workplace safety and wellbeing.

                 Key risk and opportunity summary

                 The risk and opportunity factors described below have helped inform the list of material sustainability priorities. There are additional
                 levels of risk sitting beneath these summary observations that are discussed in the Quantification of Impacts, Risks and Opportunities
                 section of this report and in the physical and transition risks identified in our TCFD analysis.

                        Risk / opportunity               Description                     Initiatives
                        Physical damage to             Hazards such as floods, heat, Locational selection and building specifications are considered. We
                        buildings                      storms                        continue to perform analysis to consider potential losses and make
                                                                                     modifications to the portfolio as required. We also insure against a wide
                                                                                     range of potential events. See TCFD statement for more information
                                                                                     regarding climate exposure assessment, which considers medium and
                                                                                     longer-term impacts under various climate scenarios (including
                                                                                     business-as-usual, medium, and strong carbon mitigation scenarios)
                                                                                     https://www.goodman.com/-
                                                                                     /media/project/goodman/global/files/about-goodman/corporate-
                                                                                     governance/policies/2023/goodman-group_tcfd_statement.pdf
                        Building specification is   Energy, waste, water, worker     In contributing to the net zero transition of the global economy,
                        too low to meet industry    comfort                          including addressing our own emission reduction plans, we have taken
                        sustainability standards                                     a building lifecycle approach to the review of climate in most regions, to
                        impacting customer,                                          see where we can reduce upfront and operational carbon emissions.
                        investor and financier                                       This lifecycle approach also supports our customers and investors to
                        demand                                                       meet their emission reduction targets. We make investments in
                                                                                     sustainability that are currently commercially viable and technically
                                                                                     achievable on both existing assets and new developments. Where
                                                                                     properties are likely to be redeveloped within a foreseeable timeframe,
                                                                                     the investment is deferred until that time


                                                                                                                                                              44
                                                                                      Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                        Risk / opportunity                 Description                     Initiatives
                        Emissions from items we     GHG emissions                        We aim to make progress by using a combination of methods ranging
                        have operational control                                         from generating and/or purchasing renewable energy, purchasing
                        over are too high                                                offsets, energy efficiency measures, to behavioural change
                        Poor financial              Loss of support from financiers      Maintain strong focus on achieving financial performance targets while
                        performance may             and investors                        containing financial risks
                        impact on our access to
                        capital and inhibit our
                        ability to manage
                        climate risks and
                        opportunities
                        Culture can impact on       Employee behaviour may impact Appropriately align our employees with our strategic intent and
                        reputation and ability to   on performance, lead to             expected standards through remuneration policies, training and
                        continue to operate         complacency which may have a support.




For personal use only
                                                    detrimental impact on our social Our community investments such as donations of time and/or money
                                                    licence and subsequently investor to charitable organisations.
                                                    support.                            We have a sustainable sourcing framework that takes human rights
                                                    Our values incorporate inclusion into consideration.
                                                    and diversity as well as safety, so
                                                    we seek to align our culture in a
                                                    manner that can address these
                                                    risks.
                                                    A broader risk management
                                                    framework exists which includes
                                                    items relevant to sustainability
                                                    (including climate).

                 The table below illustrates where we believe the possible (material) effects on the financial statements may occur due to sustainability
                 risks not being managed or the cost of managing them. It also depicts the areas of opportunity that may emerge. See “Business impact
                 quantification” discussion for more information.

                   Financial statements impact                       Line item                                      Potential impact driver
                   Income statement and cash flow statement Net rental income                                       Occupancy and market rental levels may
                                                            Investment property valuations                          be impacted by customer demand
                                                            Development inventory
                                                                                                                    Capital investment (cash flows) required to
                                                                                                                    offset the impacts of climate change

                                                                     Share of equity accounted investment       Share of rental income and property
                                                                     income and distributions from Partnerships valuation change

                                                                     Management fees
                                                                                                                    Ability to attract, retain and grow access to
                                                                                                                    capital which impacts the AUM. Property
                                                                                                                    values impact management fees and
                                                                                                                    performance fees
                                                                     Development revenues
                                                                                                                    Ability to earn development management
                                                                                                                    fees and to trade our development
                                                                                                                    inventory to generate gains
                   Financial position                                Investment Property                            Property valuations and carrying values
                                                                     Inventory
                                                                                                                    Capital investment required to offset the
                                                                     Capital expenditure on properties              impacts of climate change



                                                                                                                                                                    45
                                                                                  Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                 GOODMAN’S 2030 SUSTAINABILITY PILLARS

                 Having employed the frameworks, knowledge, skills and processes described earlier, we have arrived at Goodman’s 2030 Sustainability
                 Strategy structured around three pillars:
                 + Sustainable properties and places
                 + People, culture, and community
                 + Corporate governance and performance.

                 The following section describes the interaction between our property and corporate activities and the sustainability strategies aimed at
                 addressing our priorities. From that, we have derived a list of quantitative targets to help address our key priorities. While not all priorities
                 have targets, there exist actions that are factored into our overall annual business strategy and policies. One example is the
                 measurement of embodied carbon from developments as we seek methods to reduce them.


                                                                                       Goodman’s 2030 Sustainability Pillars




For personal use only
                                                                 Sustainable properties and People, culture, and                   Corporate governance and
                                                                 places                     community                              performance
                   Our sustainability priorities:                   Sustainability targets, key actions and policies/ frameworks across the business
                   Actively contributing to the net zero         Carbon emission reduction                                         100% renewable energy
                   transition of the global economy including    targets                                                           target
                   addressing our own emission reduction         Renewable energy through
                   plans                                         installation of solar
                                                                 photovoltaics (PV), procured
                                                                 energy and offsets
                   Owning strategically located properties       Occupancy target
                   close to consumers in key global markets
                   Developing and adapting properties that       Occupancy target
                   have an ability to be highly productive
                   Delivering resilient assets that support      Occupancy target – which
                   human health                                  can be assisted by quality
                                                                 assets that take into account
                                                                 sustainability
                   Demonstrating Goodman’s values and                                             Diversity and inclusion          Human resource
                   promoting diversity, inclusiveness and                                         targets                          management and cultural
                   social equity                                                                                                   objectives
                                                                                                  Gender pay equity targets
                                                                                                                                   Business Ethics Statement
                                                                                                  Employee engagement              and Employee Code of
                                                                                                  surveys conducted                Conduct

                                                                                                                                   Staff training
                   Investing responsibly and with defined                                                                          Credit metrics and rating
                   governance and sustainable capital
                   structures                                                                                                      Sustainable sourcing
                                                                                                                                   framework
                   Sustainable sourcing, including              Sustainable sourcing              Sustainable sourcing             Sustainable sourcing
                   environmental and social considerations      framework                         framework                        framework
                   to influence (where appropriate and
                   possible) on the practices of parties in our
                   value chain
                   Promoting workplace safety and wellbeing.                                      Safety targets                   Safety targets



                                                                                                                                                                 46
                                                                               Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                 Sustainable properties and places

                 A summary of our sustainable properties and places strategy and initiatives is set out below. For more details and examples please refer
                 to our website https://www.goodman.com/sustainability/overview/sustainable-properties.

                 Well-located and well-designed property can continue to meet customer needs well into the future

                 Developing new properties consumes resources. However, as the properties Goodman develops are essential infrastructure for the
                 digital economy, we believe this is an effective use of the planet’s resources. By combining sustainable design principles with innovative
                 materials, and strategic locations, we believe we are developing responsibly and giving our properties a better chance of continuing to be
                 resilient, efficient and highly functional long into the future.

                 Our designs are shaped by our experience and working with industry experts in using techniques we believe are both at the forefront of
                 technology and financially viable.




For personal use only
                 While our specifications vary across Goodman’s global regions, sustainability features in our new developments or renovations often
                 include sustainability and climate-related features such as:
                 + strategic site selection close to infrastructure, consumers and transport
                 + developing buildings that integrate energy-efficient design throughout (this includes automated LED lighting)
                 + installing electrical sub-metering to monitor and measure performance
                 + including solar PV on rooftops to generate renewable energy
                 + installation of significantly more charging points for electric vehicles
                 + water conservation such as rainwater harvesting and native landscaping
                 + use of low volatile organic compound materials and low carbon materials
                 + implementing practices to minimise waste and maximise resource recovery in our development and operational activities.

                 We also focus on supporting our customers’ sustainability ambitions and make allowances for flexibility within the building design to meet
                 changing customer needs. We actively continue to work with our customers to uncover new areas of opportunity. In this process, we seek
                 to enhance the efficiency, resilience and adaptability of our properties to also help address future climate risks.

                 Goodman also aims to include features that are not specifically climate related but support other parts of our sustainability strategy. For
                 example, we seek to include facilities that support good health and wellbeing such as well-appointed end of trip facilities.

                 Enhanced specification remains economically viable

                 By developing well-specified and well-located properties that meet the needs of our customers, we believe we can generate appropriate
                 returns in the short and long term. This is achieved by attracting high-quality customers with better long-term prospects, as well as
                 businesses with similar concerns about their sustainability practices and its effect on their long-term viability. These types of customers
                 are expected to have the capacity to pay the higher costs involved in sustainable builds (compared to cheap secondary or tertiary
                 property with lower specifications and weaker locations) if they can maintain a reasonable operating profit margin and return on their
                 capital. Ultimately, this will be determined by several factors, such as: consumer preferences toward sustainably created and distributed
                 products; regulatory action that favours sustainable businesses; and capital markets behaviour in allocating capital away from less
                 sustainability-focused businesses.

                 The impact of the higher cost of the specifications listed above has been absorbed, and the yield on the cost of developments completed
                 in FY24 was 6.7%. It is not possible to accurately determine what the impact on the financial performance of these developments would
                 have been in the absence of our sustainability initiatives, as insufficient comparable data exists today.

                 Concentration on major markets supports productivity of resources employed

                 We believe that the concentration of assets in our chosen markets will generate attractive returns for many years to come. These returns
                 are expected to come through income and/or capital growth. We also believe potential can be unlocked in the redevelopment of
                 properties for more intense industrial uses (such as multi-level logistics) or higher value uses (such as data centres or residential).
                 We believe our focus on the infill/brownfield property markets will create assets most in demand by customers seeking to maximise
                 productivity while meeting their sustainability objectives. We expect these customers will be more willing and able to invest in their
                 operations – yet another reason why we believe that they will be in business for the long term, creating more sustainable financial
                 outcomes for Goodman. We expect our forward-looking approach will also result in our assets being in high demand in the investment
                 market.
                                                                                                                                                           47
                                                                               Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                 The key principles behind our thinking, and some of the resulting environmental benefits follow:
                 + A likely trend in urban planning bias toward infill/brownfield sites being more intensively used (as opposed to the proliferation of
                     greenfield developments)
                 + Proximity to end consumers to reduce transport times
                 + Reduced transport emissions for goods and employees
                 + Reduced impacts on nature and biodiversity
                 + Creation of job opportunities
                 + Better utilisation of available infrastructure placing less pressure on public resources, enabling them to be diverted elsewhere.

                 We have considered several factors when coming up with this strategy, however we appreciate they are influenced by market behaviour,
                 the legislative landscape and technological changes. We are not yet able to accurately predict future changes in these factors in order to
                 empirically assess the potential effects of our approach. However, our years of experience and understanding of our industry and
                 customer base suggests that Goodman’s strategy, operating model and sustainability approach are appropriate for the current
                 environment.




For personal use only
                 Brownfield properties, as we define them, are properties on previously developed sites. They may be outdated or no longer in use and
                 provide the opportunity for rejuvenation and repositioning into modern business precincts.

                 Brownfield developments allow Goodman to use its expertise to regenerate existing sites, reuse materials, and reduce our construction
                 emissions while providing logistics and data centre facilities in strategic locations. In FY24, more than 50% of our global property
                 development program occurred on brownfield sites.

                 Globally, it is common for sites in highly land constrained markets to be redeveloped as multi-level buildings. This increases capacity and
                 productivity, and further enhances the economic benefits of the development relative to its impact on the planet. Over the past few years
                 approximately 50% of our development activity has been for multi-level developments, mainly in Asia.

                 In order to continue to achieve desirable financial outcomes over the long term, we wish to maintain an investment strategy that is
                 focused on what we expect will be the more desirable infill locations. We also want to continue to enhance the sustainability features of
                 our properties which can be measured by various green certifications

                 With these goals in mind, we have continued to focus on climate-related factors we can control which can also influence the long-term
                 financial performance of the properties. This means considering and acting on the climate-related hazards associated with specific
                 geographies. The analysis undertaken through our TCFD work involved the identification of the climate-related factors relevant to each
                 region, the possible major effects of which are summarised in the Quantification of Impacts, Risks and Opportunities section of this
                 report. See also the “Environmental sustainability and climate change” discussed in the Risks section in the Director’s report.

                 In response, we continue to review the specification of our buildings to establish their resilience to these climate-related hazards. When
                 acquiring properties we undertake climate-related diligence as governed by the GIC process. Using the TCFD principles, we will continue
                 to assess the resilience of our properties as more data becomes available. We will take appropriate remedial action as required in relation
                 to the existing portfolio, new developments and new acquisitions which may include changing investment plans and/or building
                 specifications. See the Quantification of Impacts, Risks and Opportunities section of this report for more detail.

                 High occupancy supports the need for our activities

                 The occupancy on developments completed during FY24 remained high again at over 95%. The occupancy rate in our stabilised
                 portfolio also remained high at 97.7% and our rent growth was robust.

                 We believe the trends of moving towards greater supply chain efficiencies and society’s reliance on e-commerce, support the need for
                 our developments and therefore the demand for our properties from warehouse and logistics customers will remain sound long term.
                 Additionally, the global demand for land to use for data centres continues to grow as the world becomes increasingly digitised. These use
                 types are also supported by many Goodman properties. Our locational strategy and the preference for buildings that can be used by a
                 variety of customers means that our properties’ long-term value is supported by the location of land and buildings as opposed to purely
                 the value of existing leases.

                 Ongoing high demand for our properties allows the resources used to create our buildings (or the avoided need to recreate buildings) to
                 be extended over a longer period of time, reducing the potential climate effects associated with the property we own. That is why we
                 focus on occupancy as both a financial performance and a sustainability related indicator.


                                                                                                                                                             48
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                 Our sphere of influence is our priority

                 While we do not have day-to-day operational control of most of our assets (as they are typically controlled by our customers), we take
                 actions to help improve their environmental performance. For existing properties, we endeavour to work with our customers to optimise
                 building efficiencies. For example, we continue to look at how we can manage, track and improve performance, and we install solar PV
                 where viable.

                 Customer emissions and consumption are a more challenging issue to deal with. Industrial property leases are typically struck on a net
                 basis, which means that our customers control their premises and the use of energy and water within them. They nearly always procure
                 these services directly from the utilities, so we have little or no visibility.

                 This means that our ability to influence their use is limited by contract and regulation, and our ability to get property-level information is
                 subject to the co-operation of customers. This information is not necessarily forthcoming as access provides insight into commercial
                 elements that customers may not be inclined to share. Additionally, the data from one site may not give the insight into the sustainability
                 of our customers (for example, they may have a broader strategy as a national or multi-national company). It is also worth noting that




For personal use only
                 many of our customers report their emissions at an aggregate level and they are taking actions to reduce their impacts in ways which are
                 not specific to our buildings. While we review the overall financial health of our customers, we have other risk mitigants in assessing the
                 viability of leasing prospects. A significant one of which is the ability to re-lease a property if a customer was to fail.

                 Notwithstanding the use of renewable energy. a customer’s activities within a building have a material impact on emissions. For this
                 reason, two identically specified buildings can have vastly different emissions outcomes. A simple use, such as long-term storage with
                 little or no mechanisation, will have a low emissions outcome. However, if the next customer to lease the same property was to employ a
                 high-throughput mechanised warehouse methodology, this would have a different result. Then, if a customer installed refrigeration on the
                 site (at their own expense and within their own control) we’d get yet another different outcome. Customers who choose to use the space
                 for data storage and processing would have potentially different outcomes too.

                 This variation is further complicated by location. If we were to overlay the location of two buildings, their identical use could have vastly
                 different outcomes (for example, due to transport-related costs of employees, haulage, or the requirement to use resources for
                 additional property assets in more central locations).

                 Although energy is consumed in the activities carried out within our buildings, it’s a necessity as we believe that these activities are
                 essential to the functioning of the economy, and that the demand for these activities is growing.

                 We believe that by having high-quality properties and attractive locations, we can attract customers who are conscious of their
                 environmental impact and are prepared to tackle the challenges involved in reducing this. We believe that if we do not provide our
                 buildings to customers, their demand will move to other suppliers, some of which may not be concerned about outcomes other than
                 short-term financial gain. Therefore, it is our view that by concentrating our assets on higher-cost locations and asset types that are more
                 efficient than others on the market, we can both help the global energy transition and remain financially attractive.

                 Our investment management business can benefit from our sustainability strategies

                 We believe the appeal of our investment management operations is underpinned by the growing need for long-term investment
                 opportunities that generate income and capital appreciation suitable for pension and sovereign wealth funds.

                 Our desire for long-term financially sustainable outcomes also leads us to a strong focus on financing that incorporates levels of
                 indebtedness consistent with strong credit metrics. We believe our investment strategy and our focus on climate resilience are
                 consistent with this desire. Typically, our investment partners share our view as they too are seeking to be financially sustainable in the
                 long term. The end result means our ability to undertake consistent strategic initiatives is possible.




                                                                                                                                                                 49
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                 People, culture and community

                 For more information regarding the Group’s people, culture and community considerations and initiatives please refer to our website
                 https://www.goodman.com/sustainability/overview/people-and-culture.

                 Summary of our human capital management strategy

                 Values: Goodman’s long-term success is underpinned by our dedicated local teams who are aligned to the Group’s values: innovation,
                 determination, integrity and sustainability. These values shape our culture and provide direction on how our people should behave when
                 delivering high-quality service and innovative property and investment solutions. Our people are assessed on their demonstration of the
                 Group’s values during the annual performance review process. This assessment contributes to remuneration outcomes. Our Employee
                 Code of Conduct and Business Ethics Statements help guide employees and set expectations.

                 Employee engagement: During FY24 engagement surveys were conducted for employees in Australia, Continental Europe and United
                 Kingdom. The average positive engagement score across the regions was 84%. The average participation rate across these regions was




For personal use only
                 83%. In addition to engagement surveys, some regions carry out occasional pulse surveys on topics of interest to assess feedback
                 relating to various workplace decisions. This consultation, along with communication to employees on business-related issues, is as an
                 important aspect of ensuring our employees are committed to success in their roles.

                 Workforce wellbeing: Goodman understands that the wellbeing of its workforce is critical to maintaining a high-performance culture.
                 As a result, Goodman provides a wide range of employee health and wellbeing programs in each location. These are designed to provide
                 employees with ways to manage their lifestyle and work demands. The overall objective of these programs is to ensure that employees
                 are able to perform at their best.

                 Employee benefits: The levels of employee benefits are set in relation to the local market in each region. Goodman's philosophy is that
                 benefits should be set at a competitive level within each market to attract the best people. Benefits include (but are not limited to): health
                 insurance, provision of electric vehicle allowances, and progressive leave policies that reflect (or in some cases exceed) local market
                 requirements. All employees participate in the Group’s equity-based LTIP and therefore contribute to, and benefit from, the positive
                 performance of the Goodman.

                 Learning and development: To foster a positive culture, Goodman provides its people with access to learning and development
                 activities that complement their current roles and assists with both preparing them for changing demands in the business and future
                 career development. Training is a combination of on-the-job training and access to an extensive online catalogue on a wide range of
                 technical and non-technical subjects. All employees are encouraged to access this online learning and create a self-directed learning
                 plan where possible. Goodman also supports undergraduate and postgraduate study opportunities in each location. Financial assistance
                 is provided for this purpose where tertiary study is complementary to an employee’s current role or their agreed career development.

                 Diversity and Inclusion: Diversity and inclusion activities are conducted in each region and focus on the elimination of internal barriers
                 for participation of employees. Goodman supports inclusion regardless of gender, marital or family status, sexual orientation, gender
                 identity, age, ethnicity, cultural background, religious beliefs or disability and considers that all people should have equal access to
                 opportunities within the workforce. In addition, all workplaces should be free from harassment or discrimination.
                 In relation to recruitment, the principles of merit-based employment are critical. The best person for the job should be recruited.
                 Recruitment processes are reviewed to provide for a diverse range of candidates and recruit, appoint and promote on the basis of merit,
                 internally and externally.

                 Several senior positions have been recruited using search firms with the instruction to those firms that shortlists include a diverse range
                 of candidates wherever possible. At other levels in the organisation and when social media platforms are used to recruit (such as
                 LinkedIn Recruiter), all applications are screened and considered with diversity objectives in mind. In addition to this, several regions have
                 created video presentations and other materials explaining the concept of inclusion to enhance the knowledge and understanding of
                 these issues more broadly.

                 For historic reasons and due to the lack of turnover, we have a higher representation of male employees in senior roles. The Group has a
                 stated objective of lifting the representation of females in senior executive positions to 40% by 2030. Currently the Group sits at around
                 30% against this measure, with several regions such as Australia and Continental Europe, approaching 40%. However, in some other
                 regions this may be more of a challenge due to labour market demographics.

                 The Group has policies to further support the objectives included in the Bullying and Harassment Policy, Employee Code of Conduct and
                 its Business Ethics Statement.

                                                                                                                                                             50
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                 Gender pay equity: One critical area of focus for HR across all locations is to ensure that no differences in remuneration outcomes
                 occur based on gender. Goodman has a performance culture and where there are differences in remuneration outcomes this should only
                 be based on performance rather than any indirect form of discrimination. Males and females are paid the same levels of fixed
                 remuneration for the same roles. Each year, Group HR conducts an analysis of remuneration outcomes after the annual remuneration
                 process has occurred to ensure that remuneration outcomes reflect performance outcomes.

                 Succession planning: Succession planning forms a critical aspect of HR strategy within Goodman. Our senior executive succession
                 plan has been presented to the Board. As part of this discussion, the Board was provided with the short-term, medium-term and long-
                 term plans to cover for or replace critical roles in the organisation. Importantly, where individuals were identified, the development
                 activities or the circumstances around how they may be deployed in the future was discussed. This is a critical aspect of effective
                 succession planning.

                 Talent management: As with succession planning, talent management forms an important part of HR activities in each region.
                 Typically, talent management occurs at lower-level levels of the organisation. As part of this process, high potential individuals are
                 identified, then provided with development activities or experiences to make them more effective in their current role or in a future role.




For personal use only
                 Talent management is also related to remuneration planning. This means it often occurs at the same time each year as the annual
                 remuneration review process (often July or August).

                 Health and safety: Our most significant health and safety risks are in the construction phase of development on sites controlled by our
                 principal contractors . Through the pragmatic management of safety, and a focus on real risks, we believe we have had a positive
                 influence on worker safety standards across the industry globally. To achieve this, we have taken a proactive approach as the client on
                 our development projects.

                 We believe the client sets the expected safety standards in construction, particularly in regions where safety regulations are evolving.
                 Working with our contractors from the earliest stages of the project and maintaining an active onsite presence conducting inspections
                 has been a very effective strategy for achieving three years of zero fatalities in our development projects.

                 While we have maintained a fatality rate on our development projects of zero for three years running , there was a contractor in China
                 who unfortunately died on one of our properties from circumstances beyond Goodman’s control or influence. This was determined by
                 relevant authorities to be an unforeseeable accident for which no fault could reasonably be attributed. The Audit, Risk and Compliance
                 Committee and the Board made a similar finding, on the basis there could have been no safety measures which would have prevented
                 the incident.

                 Sustainable sourcing: Policies concerning procurement included in Employee Code of Conduct and Business Ethics Statement and
                 further developed through our Sustainable Sourcing Framework (implemented in FY23 and recently updated), we aim to address issues
                 such as human rights, modern slavery, social procurement and sustainability (refer to our website for more information
                 https://www.goodman.com/about-goodman/corporate-governance

                 Our community involvement: Social contributions are made by the Group either directly (through development applications and
                 community donations) or through the Goodman Foundation. Contributions outside of development applications are in the form of cash
                 and in-kind resources to charities and humanitarian organisations.

                 The Goodman Foundation is committed to making a sustained and tangible difference. We partner with organisations to build resilient
                 and vibrant communities through four key areas of focus:
                     1. Meeting essential needs. We support community organisations that are enabling food and housing security and providing
                          access to household goods and clothing.
                     2. Promoting social and mental wellbeing. We focus on initiatives that improve psychosocial wellbeing and create space for people
                          and communities to flourish.
                     3. Enabling education and employment. We partner with organisations that offer education and employment pathways in our
                          communities.
                     4. Providing disaster relief. We support organisations that work with communities to prepare for disasters and are equipped to
                          deliver immediate response and sustained disaster relief.

                 The Foundation has a contribution target of $100.0 million over the period from FY20 to FY30. For more information on the Goodman
                 Foundation and the activities it supports, visit www.Goodman.com/Foundation.




                                                                                                                                                               51
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                 Corporate governance and performance
                 As previously outlined at the start of this Sustainability report, we promote strong leadership and governance, with the Goodman Board
                 and its Committees overseeing how we implement our sustainability strategy and meet our targets.

                 Financial considerations: Maintaining a strong capital position is critical to the sustainability of our business. Our ability to withstand
                 market volatility and to continue to deliver the services to our customers and partners can only be repeatable if we have the financial
                 capacity to do so. The FRM Policy that governs the key aspects of our capital position has served us well and is clearly communicated to
                 employees whose role it is to execute the strategies.

                 Profitability is also important to the sustainability of our business. We measure this through operating profit. A competitive rate of return
                 at the property level is required to ensure the ongoing support of investors and lenders. Our development and management businesses
                 are also expected to generate a positive contribution that is at least in line with industry benchmarks. If we achieve these objectives, we
                 can continue to employ our people, pay our suppliers and contribute to the community.

                 Cybersecurity: Cybersecurity is an increasing corporate risk for companies, and Goodman is not exempt. We are actively managing




For personal use only
                 our cybersecurity risks, safeguarding critical systems, networks, and Goodman’s sensitive information from cyber-attacks.

                 Information and data security is part of Goodman’s risk management framework and a priority for both our Risk and Information
                 Technology teams. Our security approach aligns with the principles of the globally recognised National Institute of Standards and
                 Technology Framework and involves:
                 + Identifying key information systems and data
                 + Applying controls to protect data and reduce business impact
                 + Testing and detecting vulnerabilities
                 + Being prepared to respond and recover systems and information in a cyber event.

                 Our overall cybersecurity risk management program is assessed annually, with quarterly updates provided to the Audit, Risk and
                 Compliance Committee.




                                                                                                                                                                 52
                                                                               Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                 QUANTIFICATION OF IMPACTS, RISKS AND OPPORTUNITIES

                 Emissions

                 Goodman sees emission reduction as a priority, and we have set ourselves targets to help achieve this. We aim to make progress by
                 using a combination of methods ranging from renewable energy sources and energy efficiency measures to behavioural change. In each
                 instance, we are guided by availability of market solutions, practicality of implementation, and economic rationality. When applying
                 timeframes, we consider the expected life of the investment. While reducing our emissions remains our first priority, Goodman selectively
                 invests in carbon offsets to supplement our emissions reduction activities and accommodate for market and product limitations.

                 When considering carbon emissions from our operations we are focused on Scope 1 and 2, as well as the various components of Scope 3
                 that we can directly influence. We are reviewing the appropriate reporting and targets associated with Scope 3 emissions and aim to
                 comply with the impending Australian Accounting Standards Board disclosure requirements as soon as practically possible.

                 We align with the Climate Active Carbon Neutral Standard for Organisations (Climate Active). Climate Active is an Australian




For personal use only
                 Government initiative that helps promote voluntary climate action by Australian businesses. It certifies organisations which measure,
                 reduce, and offset carbon emissions in accordance with their standard. Climate Active defines carbon neutral as: "A situation where the
                 net emissions associated with an activity are equal to zero because emissions have been reduced and offset units cancelled to fully
                 account for all emissions.”

                 For Group reporting, our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions reduction and renewable energy targets, we use the GHG protocol to determine
                 our emissions reduction boundary. Our emissions boundary is based on an operational control approach, including activities in areas
                 across our property portfolio where we have control over day-to-day operations and our corporate activities, including some scope 3
                 emissions. It excludes other sources of scope 3 emissions including emissions from our customers’ activities within leased areas, and the
                 embodied emissions from developments. For reporting purposes, we take into account 100% of the emissions within our defined
                 boundary, irrespective of our share of equity ownership in the properties.

                 We expect to maintain our status as a Carbon Neutral Organisation for our global operations in FY24 under Climate Active. As part of our
                 commitment, we annually report our operational carbon inventory to Climate Active for verification. We continue to look for ways to lower
                 our operational emissions and increase our use of renewable electricity. Purchasing certified GreenPower electricity in our Australian
                 operations and using renewable energy certificates in other regions have been key factors. To meet our carbon neutral target, we have
                 purchased Australian Carbon Credit Units (ACCUs) to offset our residual operational emissions - for more information relating to
                 renewable energy certificates and ACCU sources, please refer to Climate Active’s website. We note that Climate Active is considering a
                 change in its methodology and designations, and we will monitor any potential changes.

                 Our annual operational emissions are included in the table overleaf.




                                                                                                                                                           53
                                                                                                     Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                        GHG Scope1,2,3,4                        Emissions source                                               2021               2022                2023                2024
                                                                                                                             tCO2-e             tCO2-e              tCO2-e              tCO2-e
                        Scope 1                                 Fuels                                                             898                 846                896                 632
                                                                Natural gas                                                     1,001                 899                 822             1,096
                                                                Refrigerants                                                     1,414              1,360               1,775               1,701
                        Total Scope 1                                                                                           3,313               3,105              3,492              3,429
                        Scope 25                                Electricity (market-based)                                    37,065               11,637              2,566               2,548
                                                                Electricity (location-based)                                  37,065              29,777             32,867              32,429
                        Total scope 1 and 2                     Market-based                                                  40,378              14,742               6,058               5,977
                        Total scope 1 and 2                     Location based                                                40,378              32,882             36,359              35,858
                        Scope 3                                                                                                12,583              8,964               13,183             15,855
                        Total Emissions (including




For personal use only
                        scope 2 - market-based)                                                                               52,962              23,705               19,241             21,832
                        Total Emissions (including
                        scope 2 - location-based)                                                                             52,962              41,846             49,542               51,713
                        Offsets purchased and                                                                                                                                                 In
                        retired                                                                                             (52,962)            (23,705)             (19,241)          progress
                        Net Emissions - market                                                                                                                                                In
                        based                                                                                                       nil                 nil                 nil        progress

                          1.      Data tables, including any estimates used, may be updated as more current data becomes available.
                          2.      At the time of writing, FY24 data is in the process of verification by qualified independent third parties and final data will be updated on our website. Until then,
                                  data should be considered to include estimates.
                          3.      Our emissions boundary is based on an operational control approach (we refer to the GHG Protocol), including Scope 3 emissions relating to transmission and
                                  distribution of energy, waste, water use, data servers, staff commuting, working from home, business travel, advertising, cleaning, telecommunications, and other
                                  corporate expenses. For the purpose of this report, other scope 3 items, such as future emissions from sold products, embodied carbon from developments
                                  and customer emissions data have not been included. We are however tracking these and are continuing to develop better methods of capturing and reporting.
                                  We are also working on strategies to manage the emerging risks and opportunities (as outlined in the preceding sections).
                          4.      Data derived from invoices and meter readings are the primary method used for validation. Where required due to timing, new acquisitions or developments,
                                  and site and meter access, estimates are used based on extrapolation or prior period comparisons.
                          5.      Goodman reports both location and market-based electricity emissions. Under the market-based approach, calculations for electricity emissions include the
                                  use of market-based instruments such as the retirement of renewable energy certificates. Location-based emissions reporting is based on average energy
                                  generation emission factors for defined locations.

                 By procuring renewable electricity (and using market-based instruments), we have reduced our Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 85% relative
                 to the 2021 baseline year. The resumption of travel following the period that was heavily impacted by the pandemic, has resulted in an
                 increase in Scope 3 emissions within our operational boundary. Overall, emissions within our operational boundary under the market-
                 based measure are down 59% since 2021.

                 For reference, the Group’s equity weighted share of the emissions within the emissions boundary described above (taking into account
                 our equity ownership interest in the assets) is set out below.

                        GHG Scope                               Emissions source                                                                                                          2024
                                                                                                                                                                                        tCO2-e
                        Scope 1                                                                                                                                                             1,104
                        Scope 2                                 Electricity (market-based)                                                                                                   333
                                                                Electricity (location-based)                                                                                              8,009
                        Scope 3                                                                                                                                                           12,698
                        Total Emissions (including scope 2 - market-based)                                                                                                                 14,134
                        Total Emissions (including scope 2 - location-based)                                                                                                               21,810




                                                                                                                                                                                                    54
                                                                                  Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                 We are also taking additional measures over and above our carbon neutral organisation status. These include:
                 + Measuring, and reviewing where possible and appropriate, reducing and offsetting the upfront embodied carbon emissions
                     associated with materials used in new developments.
                 + Seeking to support our customers in their own emission-reduction goals and improving their efficiency of energy use as best we can
                     (mainly through building design and locational selection).

                 If we can reduce both our own and our customers’ emissions, we are also helping our capital markets stakeholders who are seeking a
                 reduction of the emissions they have financed. We also believe that we are taking these actions in a manner that is consistent with their
                 long-term financial performance objectives.

                 The Group has been tracking and disclosing emissions in relation to its Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi) validated targets. Our
                 commitments are however currently under review, pending the outcomes of SBTi's plan to revise the Corporate Net-Zero guidelines and
                 its implications for Scope 3 accounting. At the conclusion of our review of the revised guidance, we may either continue our SBTi-aligned
                 targets, adopt an alternative benchmark, or construct a new methodology that is relevant to Goodman.




For personal use only
                 Business impact quantification

                 Short term
                 To date, the financial cost of the strategies and targets outlined throughout this report have been relatively immaterial when compared to
                 the value of our assets. We are not yet able to quantify the relative financial benefits from our sustainability initiatives as there is
                 insufficient data to allow meaningful analysis. As a result, we have not itemised them separately.

                 However, what we can observe is that we have maintained high occupancy rates and that rents have continued to grow. Whether this is
                 materially better or worse than comparable assets is unclear. As we also remain able to attract capital to our business and generate
                 sufficiently attractive returns to investors, our strategies do not appear to be hindering us, but as at 30 June 2024 it is hard to say that it
                 has materially helped.

                 We can measure the near-term cost of our property development and operation (within one to three years) which includes the costs of
                 those strategies outlined above. These costs are factored into our property valuation methodology (through discounted cash flows) and
                 included in our performance planning and investment analysis.

                 Longer term
                 We are not able to quantify with sufficient accuracy or without excessive cost and resources, the financial implications of our climate-
                 related risks and opportunities associated with the potential climate scenarios over the medium to longer term (beyond three years). The
                 main reasons for this are:
                 + We cannot yet have sufficient certainty regarding the future legislative environment in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate
                      (or from which we receive capital) as these will be impacted by factors like future building standards and financial market regulation.
                      Additionally, there are a number of other legislative changes that could have a second order effect on these estimates, such as
                      industrial relations laws, taxes/subsidies and international comparative standards.
                 + We cannot yet predict with sufficient accuracy the behaviour of competitors who may invest more or less intensively than we do
                      (particularly if there exists legislative arbitrage for unregulated players in the market). Furthermore, we cannot yet determine the
                      capital market behaviour in relation to the cost and availability of capital for businesses that do or do not meet appropriate
                      standards. We do not know if the markets will provide insurance against physical risks.
                 + We cannot yet determine what customer behaviour will be in the long term because we don’t know if consumer behaviours and
                      preferences will allow those who choose a higher short-term cost structure to win market share, or higher returns based on their
                      sustainability credentials.
                 + We cannot yet determine what technological advancements may occur, such as the availability of green power or new construction
                      materials and methods and what they will cost.
                 + The cumulative effect of these issues will potentially have a non-linear impact on the results of any analysis, which means that the
                      range of potential outcomes is currently far too wide to give any reliable estimates.

                 As such information becomes more accessible and the industry matures, we will be able to report on this.




                                                                                                                                                                   55
                                                                                Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                 Basis of measurement
                 In addition to the established concepts of measurement associated with emissions for property, we believe that the best way to truly
                 assess the environmental impacts of our activity is by considering the whole of economy effects of conducting business and
                 productivity-related intensity measures.
                 The approach we advocate is the development of intensity measures that go beyond traditional real estate standards such as emissions
                 rates per square metre (sqm) of floor space or per cubic metre of capacity. Instead, measures that take into account the end-to-end
                 movement of goods on a volumetric basis (such as tonnage or cubic volume) or on economic value. These measures are likely to be
                 more comprehensive in assessing the true impacts and therefore help inform the best relative use of capital for sustainable outcomes.

                 Similar considerations may be required in relation to data storage and processing where the commonly used efficiency measure is PUE
                 (Power Usage Effectiveness). Ultimately, if we are not the operator of the data centre, we are unable to control anything in relation to the
                 leased area.

                 In all cases, one must consider how else these activities could be conducted if not in our buildings.




For personal use only
                 The technology and data to enable the capture and reporting of information involving factors that are outside our control and/or relate to
                 customer activities is not yet sufficiently advanced, but we believe that this will become so in time. This could be accelerated if and when
                 the legislative support emerges for enforcement of reporting on these bases. This multidimensional reporting is necessary to truly gain
                 insights as to the appropriateness of capital allocation and test the resilience of businesses.

                 In addition to understanding energy consumption and consequential emissions by our customers within our assets, we believe that it is
                 also important to understand the relative impacts resulting from transport-related emissions from properties in different locations. Again,
                 this information is not within our control, and we do not have such sensitive customer information today.

                 Although we are not currently able to measure all the productivity benefits of our properties, we believe that the throughput from our
                 assets has the capability to be higher than the average. This is because they are located and specified to facilitate high amounts of
                 mechanisation and new technologies. A suggested alternative approach would involve reference to output measures such as volume of
                 goods and data being compared to the emissions that result relative to the output and emissions that would have resulted in an
                 alternative property.

                 Impact of Goodman’s sites and site selection
                 A significant portion of the development activity we expect to perform in the coming decade is on land that we currently own and in many
                 cases have owned for many years. Typically, such sites have existing improvements on them. Therefore, our aim is to enhance the
                 productivity of the site or property by developing new buildings or renovating existing ones so that they can meet demand.

                 In land-constrained markets, we are optimising land through multi-level developments. Our extensive experience in developing multi-
                 level buildings includes nearly 50 properties in Japan, Hong Kong SAR, China, Australia, and Continental Europe. Multi-level buildings
                 have the capacity to generate much higher output per sqm of land. This typically occurs in urban infill markets which can potentially
                 increase output per unit of transport cost or time taken or energy utilised relative to buildings in secondary locations and those with less
                 capacity for high intensity usages.

                 Government planning agencies are demonstrating varying degrees of support for this type of infill development (as opposed to greenfield
                 developments in non-metropolitan markets). We believe that there exist greater long-term risks with greenfield properties that are
                 outside of the existing major markets. Such assets may not get planning support for future development as they are likely to have a
                 poorer environmental outcome and may be too costly to service with related infrastructure. This is one reason that we are focusing on
                 infill locations.




                                                                                                                                                                56
                                                                                 Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                 Sustainable design
                 Notwithstanding our view of the relative merits of our strategy, we acknowledge that we do have an impact on the environment. It is
                 becoming increasingly common that new development planning submissions are accompanied by a multitude of environmental and
                 social impact statements. These include sustainability, natural environment, community, transport and other infrastructure, to name a
                 few. In addition, we have embedded into our due diligence processes explicit considerations of physical climate risk as well as other
                 environmental and social considerations. Climate transition risks are dealt with on a case by case basis where we seek to add sustainable
                 design characteristics to each building that best suits the situation. We do this from a forward looking perspective whereby the
                 immediate cost/benefit may not be quantified but instead we take a view the features will enhance the attractiveness of our buildings to
                 climate conscious customers over time but remain economically attractive in the near term.

                 Emissions during development
                 Over and above this, we are aiming to reduce the emissions related to the construction process. The growing research and development
                 of less carbon-intensive building products is a key driver in the ability to reduce emissions in construction. While we are not a construction
                 company, we are working with our contractors to encourage them to bring us lower carbon solutions. We are measuring and monitoring
                 the embodied carbon emissions in our developments and working with our supply chain to reduce them. We cannot yet accurately




For personal use only
                 quantify the trajectory of such change or the financial viability but when we can, we will do so.

                 Physical climate risks
                 One of the climate-related risks we can report upon relates to physical risks in specific locations. As at 30 June 2024 we had over 400
                 properties in the portfolio of assets we own directly and within Partnerships, with a total value of $78.7 billion. Of those, we have less than
                 100 properties worth over $200 million each. The top ten properties had an aggregate value $11.9 billion, and each asset ranged in value
                 between $0.8 billion and $2.2 billion. The geographic exposures are set out in our TCFD statement, but we have assets in markets that
                 may be subject to future hazards under certain scenarios. The hazards we are most focused on for our top ten properties relate to storm,
                 flooding and heat.

                 We have conducted some reviews and implemented remedial actions to enhance the resilience of those assets. This analysis is ongoing
                 and will be updated with our next TCFD analysis as more data becomes available. Management of storm and flood risk is dealt with
                 through a combination of building specifications and insurance. Flood risk in particular is also being managed by local governments as
                 this is an issue that affects their entire market. We are not yet able to assess the future extent of the government-related flood risk
                 management initiatives nor are we able to predict the cost or availability of insurance in the future. However, at 30 June 2024, we have
                 not yet identified any material costs associated with the management of storm and flood risks in the portfolio.

                 Heat risks are governed by building codes and industrial relations regulations as they relate to worker comfort, and to a lesser extent, the
                 durability of the materials used in construction. We are not aware of any of our properties being in contravention of any current codes and
                 regulations. However, we cannot estimate the potential impact of changes in these types of codes or regulations in the future. This also
                 means we cannot reliably measure the potential financial impact of climate change under various scenarios because this will be
                 determined by any code and regulation changes, as well as market behaviour.

                 Please refer to our TCFD statement
                 https://www.goodman.com/-/media/project/goodman/global/files/about-goodman/corporate-governance/policies/2023/goodman-
                 group_tcfd_statement.pdf




                                                                                                                                                              57
                                                                                                  Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                 PERFORMANCE REPORTING

                 Summary of quantified sustainability targets

                 The table below contains the list of the material sustainability targets that have been derived through the processes of the various
                 governance arrangements described earlier. The most significant targets from the initiatives are:

                        Climate related sustainability targets
                        Targets                                                           Activity in FY24                                                              Progress
                        Carbon emissions from operations: Carbon                          Achieved annually since FY21 and on track to achieve                          On track
                        Neutral Operations by end of FY251                                again in FY24. Emissions calculation and verification
                                                                                          process in progress
                        Gross (excluding offsets) Scope 1 and 2 emission                  Scope 1 and 2 emissions have reduced by                                       In progress
                        reduction2 of 42% (relative to FY21 baseline) by                  approximately 11% since FY21 – refer to the Emissions




For personal use only
                        end of FY30                                                       section of this report
                        100% renewable electricity use within Goodman’s                   Expected to remain above 80% in FY24                                          In progress
                        operations by 2025 (including use of renewable
                        energy certificates and other market-based
                        mechanisms, subject to government regulation in
                        each jurisdiction)3
                        Solar PV: 400 MW of solar PV capacity installed or                Added 24 MW of solar PV installations and/or                                  In progress
                        committed between 2019 and the end of 20254                       commitments over the past year. Approximately 330
                                                                                          MW of solar PV installations and commitments at 30
                                                                                          June 2024

                        Maintain >95% occupancy rate overall                              97.7% at 30 June 2024                                                         Achieved

                        TCFD                                                              Maintain public climate risk disclosures updated                              Achieved
                                                                                          annually.

                 1.       Carbon neutrality is based on activities within our direct operational control (excludes customer emissions and embodied emissions from developments) and will be
                          aligned with a reputable industry standard such as the Climate Active Carbon Neutral Standard for Organisations, which is undergoing a review that might impact our
                          continued use of this standard.
                 2.       Scope 1 and 2 reduction targets are based on location-based reporting, pending future SBTi re-baseline requirements, and exclude the effect of offsets. Refer to the
                          operational emissions table on page 54 for more information on our emissions inventory and reporting boundary. For the purposes of Group reporting, we refer to the
                          GHG protocol as follows:
                               Scope 1 emissions are direct emissions from owned or controlled sources.
                               Scope 2 emissions are indirect emissions from the generation of purchased energy.
                               Scope 3 emissions include indirect emissions (not included in Scope 2) that occur in the value chain of the reporting company. Refer to the emissions table to view
                               the Scope 3 emissions included in our boundary.
                 3.       The renewable energy target is based on electricity consumed within our direct operations (Scope 2) using the RE100 technical criteria. Our target Includes the use of
                          renewable energy certificates and other market-based mechanisms, and subject to government regulation in each jurisdiction. Acquisitions of new properties are
                          excluded until existing energy agreements and procurement opportunities are reviewed.
                 4.       Includes both onsite and offsite solar installations and/or commitments, subject to local regulations and grid connection.




                                                                                                                                                                                                58
                                                                                                Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Sustainability report (continued)

                        Non-climate related sustainability targets
                        Targets                                                         Activity in FY24                                             Progress
                        Safe working environment                                        One contractor fatality in China                             Ongoing

                        Implementation of our sustainable sourcing                      Implemented in FY23                                          Achieved
                        framework (includes non-climate related items as                Updated and enhanced in FY24
                        well as social procurement and modern slavery
                        considerations)
                        Diversity target of 50% female overall and 40%                  43% female representation overall                            In progress
                        female in senior executive roles by 30 June 2030                30% female senior executives

                        Capital management – retain investment grade                    Maintained                                                   Achieved
                        credit rating
                        Cumulative social contributions valued at $100.0                The Group’s financial contributions were $12.1 million in    On track




For personal use only
                        million from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2030                        FY24 plus a further $1.35 million in staff fundraising and
                                                                                        in-kind contributions. Total social contributions of $55.9
                                                                                        million since 1 July 2019
                                                                                        3,993 volunteering hours in FY24
                        Strong workplace culture                                        Employees demonstrating Goodman values 99%                   Achieved
                                                                                        Strong engagement survey results 84%              1


                                                                                        Low voluntary turnover 6.6%
                                                                                        High parental leave return rate 95%
                                                                                        Employee LTIP participation represents 4.2%2 of issued
                                                                                        capital

                 1.       In those regions that undertook surveys in FY24 (Group, Australia, Continental Europe and the United Kingdom)
                 2.       Refers to unvested performance rights under the LTIP.

                 Progress on key initiatives is linked to remuneration of the executive KMP (refer Remuneration report for more information).




                                                                                                                                                                   59
                                                                              Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 (continued)

                 REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED

                 Letter from the Chairman and Chair of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                 1.     REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE
                        1.1. The role of the Board and the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                        1.2. Remuneration and Nomination Committee for FY24
                        1.3. Key Management Personnel (KMP)
                        1.4. Engagement feedback and response
                 2.     REMUNERATION STRATEGY
                        2.1. Objectives of the remuneration strategy
                        2.2. Remuneration mix and alignment across the Group
                 3.     EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK
                        3.1. When is remuneration earned and received?
                        3.2. Short-term incentive (STI)




For personal use only
                        3.3. Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP)
                             3.3.1. LTI awards
                             3.3.2. Setting operating EPS hurdles for LTI
                             3.3.3. Operating EPS – long-term cash flow alignment with vesting outcomes
                        3.4. Non-financial measures
                             3.4.1. Types of non-financial measures
                             3.4.2. Integration of non-financial measures into LTI
                 4.     PERFORMANCE AND OUTCOMES
                        4.1. Goodman FY24 performance, financial and operational highlights and statistics
                             4.1.1. Financial performance
                             4.1.2. Operating EPS performance
                             4.1.3. Total security price returns
                             4.1.4. Group CEO performance
                             4.1.5. Other executive KMP performance
                             4.1.6. Assessment of non-financial measures (including sustainability)
                        4.2. Remuneration outcomes
                             4.2.1. STI outcomes in relation to FY24
                             4.2.2. LTI outcomes
                                   4.2.2.1. LTI awards made in FY22 where the hurdles have been tested at 30 June 2024
                                   4.2.2.2. LTI awards tested in previous years that vested during FY24
                                   4.2.2.3. LTI awards made in FY24
                             4.2.3. Group performance and the Group CEO’s historic remuneration
                        4.3. Considerations for setting FY25 LTI awards
                             4.3.1. Goodman in context
                             4.3.2. Peer group analysis
                             4.3.3. LTIP hurdles
                             4.3.4. LTIP sustainability targets for FY25 awards
                             4.3.5. Cost of the plan and alignment with Securityholder outcomes
                             4.3.6. Proposed Group CEO award
                        4.4. Proposed LTI grants for other executive KMP
                 5.     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION
                        5.1. Key elements of the Non-Executive Director remuneration policy
                        5.2. Board and committee annual fees
                 6.     STATUTORY DISCLOSURES
                        6.1. KMP remuneration (statutory analysis)
                        6.2. Movements in performance rights held by executive KMP
                        6.3. Analysis of performance rights held by executive KMP
                        6.4. Securities issued on exercise of performance rights
                        6.5. Unissued securities under performance rights
                        6.6. Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration (statutory analysis)
                        6.7. Movements in Goodman securities held
                        6.8. Transactions with Directors, executives and their related entities


                                                                                                                         60
                                                                                Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 Letter from the Chairman and Chair of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee

                  Dear Securityholders,

                 On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the 2024 Remuneration Report, outlining Goodman’s remuneration strategy and
                 principles which we believe provide appropriate alignment of the interests of Securityholders and executive management .

                 We have been encouraged by the strong support from our investors for our remuneration strategy as evidenced by the 87% vote we
                 received in favour of the remuneration report at last year’s AGM. We continue to engage with Securityholders and proxy advisors in
                 relation to our remuneration arrangements, with the aim of addressing concerns they have.

                 FY24 was another highly successful year for the Group, where we significantly exceeded financial performance expectations while also
                 making excellent progress on specific initiatives aimed at enhancing the long-term resilience of the business. We have strategically
                 concentrated our assets in urban infill locations on a global basis, developing expertise in planning, design and delivery of essential
                 infrastructure for the flow of goods and data across our markets. We have also substantially increased our focus on data centres in our




For personal use only
                 development strategy going forward, which will require additional skills and competencies.

                 It is important to appreciate that our operations are complex, particularly our development projects which can take many years to
                 complete, covering both the planning phase and the actual construction and leasing.

                 We have positioned ourselves to deliver the required infrastructure to support the ongoing expansion of the digital economy. This activity
                 is being facilitated by the adoption of new technologies and requires a substantial execution capability. Planning and procurement are
                 increasingly complex and capital intensive, requiring a highly specialised workforce with international skills and relationships. Accordingly,
                 a significant proportion of our people are based in our global operations outside Australia.

                 Importantly, the nature of our operational strategy and the long-term returns that can be generated from it when executed well, has
                 increasingly been reflected in the equity markets appreciation of Goodman. This translated into a 75% total shareholder return (TSR) in
                 FY24, an exceptional outcome.

                 The attraction and retention of talent have always been critical for the success of the Group. The Group’s substantial $2.05 billion
                 operating profit for FY24 followed on from substantial profit growth in prior years. Over the last five years our global workforce of around
                 900 employees has achieved operating profit growth of 117%, a compound annual growth rate of 17%.

                 The Group’s longstanding and consistent approach to remuneration has been a key driver of our success as an international business
                 over an extended period of time. This is reflected in the outstanding achievements delivered this year which include:

                 +      Operating profit is up 15% to $2.05 billion
                 +      Operating EPS growth of 14.0%, substantially exceeding initial expectations of 9.0%
                 +      Maintaining a significant volume of development work in progress of $13.0 billion at 30 June 2024, across 80 projects and providing
                        a solid base for future profitability
                 +      Total portfolio of $79 billion at 30 June 2024
                 +      Low leverage of 8.4% and significant liquidity of $3.8 billion as at 30 June 2024, providing strong financial capacity both for
                        resilience and growth
                 +      Advancement of our data centre activities to bring forward substantial new opportunities for growth and strong returns.

                 Securityholder and stakeholder engagement
                 We continue to engage with our shareholder base and proxy advisors in relation to our remuneration structure, corporate governance
                 matters and sustainability programs. We are committed to continuing these conversations in the future. We have noted some key
                 feedback from investors and proxy advisors, including our responses, in Section 1.4.




                                                                                                                                                                61
                                                                                                   Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 Remuneration Summary
                 In setting the outcomes for remuneration, the Board has reflected on the outstanding performance of the Group in FY24, in particular:
                 + The significant outperformance of the Group’s operations in FY24 where operating EPS increased 14%, well ahead of the broader
                      equities market and our own initial guidance
                 + Outstanding securityholder return for FY24 of 75%
                 + The Group’s positioning as a major provider of essential infrastructure globally, the relevant competitor set to this in addition to being
                      rated within the 10 largest companies on the ASX by market capitalisation ($66 billion as at 30 June 2024)
                 + The LTI awards vest over a ten year period1, are at risk for four years, and in order to achieve full vesting, the Group will have to:
                      - Grow operating profit by $1.2 billion to more than $3.2 billion in the next four years. That represents almost 60% growth starting
                           from an already high profit base
                      - Deliver TSR performance in the 90th percentile or higher.

                 For key management personnel (KMP):
                 +      The STI component has increased by 18% compared with FY23 (with the Group CEO continuing to not participate in STI awards)




For personal use only
                        reflecting outstanding execution, operational performance and TSR
                 +      The quantum of the FY24 LTI awards has been reduced by 30% which compensates for the increased face value of new
                        performance rights as a result of the 73% increase in the security price in FY24.
                 +      Challenging operating EPS hurdles (6% to 11% compound annual growth over a four-year testing period and commencing from a
                        substantially higher base) for LTI have again been set.

                 The Board is always mindful of the focus on overall remuneration levels and spends considerable time each year determining
                 remuneration outcomes in the context of our complex international operations. We recognise the need on the one hand, to attract, retain
                 and incentivise our employees while, on the other hand, to meet the range of expectations of our Securityholders.

                 We look forward to receiving your views and support at our 2024 Annual General Meeting.


                 Yours sincerely,




                 Stephen Johns
                 Independent Chairman and Chair of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee




                 1.     The ten-year LTIP (for executive KMP and selected senior executives) includes a four-year testing period, with the number of performance rights satisfying the
                        testing criteria then vesting in seven tranches from years four to ten (see section 2.1 for details). It is the longest remuneration plan in the listed equity market globally
                        and 2.5x the average length of the ASX 20 plans.



                                                                                                                                                                                                     62
                                                                                Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 1.     REMUNERATION GOVERNANCE

                 1.1    The role of the Board and the Remuneration and Nomination Committee

                 The Board is responsible for approving the Group’s remuneration structure and for the specific pay of the Group CEO and other KMP, on
                 the advice of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee. Goodman’s core corporate governance framework documents including
                 Charters and Policies are available at https://www.goodman.com/about-goodman/corporate-governance.

                 In setting the structure, the Board considers potential remuneration with a five-to-ten-year horizon. It takes into consideration the impact
                 that decisions made over the last three to five years have had on current performance and how it expects the business to perform in the
                 longer term. Remuneration awards are not solely determined based on reviewing a single year, but also reference the long-term nature of
                 our development program, particularly data centre projects, and the critical requirements across the planning and execution in the next
                 few years, in order to deliver positive outcomes in future years.




For personal use only
                 The Board believes that the success of Goodman is a result of its people and their ability to execute a global strategy. As a result, in
                 assessing structural aims of the Group’s remuneration the Board:
                 +      Encourages management to take a long-term strategic view regarding the operations of the Group
                 +      Expects the senior leadership team to accept collective responsibility for the outcomes
                 +      Focuses on the creation of long-term sustainable returns and the consistency of cash generation with a strong focus on risk
                        management. The Board uses the Group’s operating profit (and therefore operating EPS) as a measure that is closely aligned with
                        cash generation and consider this as the most tangible means of measuring long-term value creation for Securityholders.

                 1.2    Remuneration and Nomination Committee for FY24

                 Members of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee during FY24 were:
                 Member                Role
                 Stephen Johns         Independent Director and Chairman of Goodman Group, Chair of the Remuneration and Nomination
                                       Committee since 1 April 2023, Member of the Remuneration Committee and Chair of the Nomination
                                       Committee (both predecessor committees of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee) since 18
                                       February 2021, Member of the original Remuneration and Nomination Committee since 19 November 2020
                 Chris Green           Independent Director –Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee since 1 April 2023, Member
                                       of the predecessor Remuneration Committee since 18 November 2021 and member of the predecessor
                                       Nomination Committee since 18 February 2021
                 Mark Johnson          Independent Director – Member of Remuneration and Nomination Committee since 1 April 2023, Member of
                                       the predecessor Nomination Committee since 1 October 2022.

                 1.3    Key Management Personnel (KMP)

                  Member                                      Role                                                  Tenure at Goodman
                  Executive KMP
                  Gregory Goodman                             Group Chief Executive Officer                         29 years 0 months
                  Danny Peeters                               Executive Director Corporate                          18 years 1 month
                  Anthony Rozic                               Deputy CEO and CEO North America                      20 years 1 month
                  Nick Kurtis                                 Group Head of Equities                                24 years 4 months
                  Nick Vrondas                                Group Chief Financial Officer                         18 years 2 months
                  Non-Executive KMP
                  Stephen Johns                               Chairman and Non-Executive Director                   7 years 6 months
                  Chris Green                                 Non-Executive Director                                5 years 2 months
                  Mark Johnson                                Non-Executive Director                                4 years 1 month
                  Vanessa Liu                                 Non-Executive Director                                2 years 1 month
                  Belinda Robson                              Non-Executive Director                                1 year 4 months
                  Phillip Pryke (retired 10 April 2024)       Non-Executive Director                                13 years 6 months
                  Hilary Spann                                Non-Executive Director                                2 years 3 months
                  George Zoghbi                               Non-Executive Director                                1 year 2 months
                  David Collins                               GLHK Non-Executive Director                           6 years 5 months
                  Kitty Chung                                 GLHK Non-Executive Director                           1 year 0 months


                                                                                                                                                            63
                                                                              Goodman Group




                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 1.4    Engagement feedback and response

                 The Group received strong support for the Remuneration Report (87% of securities in favour) and grants (89% of securities in favour) at
                 the Annual General Meeting (AGM). The Chairman and the Group Head of Stakeholder Relations engaged with a significant proportion of
                 Securityholders in the lead up to the AGM, which included discussions with 55 investors representing approximately 66% of Goodman’s
                 securities on issue. We have included the key items of feedback discussed with investors.

                 Securityholder and Proxy Feedback                Response
                 Strongly positive feedback regarding the         The Board maintained the issuance of LTI awards under the ten-year plan for the
                 structure of the LTIP, the hurdles and vesting   Group CEO and other executive KMP. This ten-year plan will apply for the intended
                 period.                                          grant of performance rights to be made in September 2024 (therefore in FY25) in
                                                                  respect of FY24 performance.




For personal use only
                  Operating profit/operating EPS should           The Board believes that managing the business, on what is primarily a cash profit
                  include non-cash share-based payment            basis as represented by operating profit, is fundamental to long-term sustainability of
                  (SBP) expense.                                  earnings and is the strongest determinant of value creation for Securityholders over
                                                                  time. The Group’s operating profit is one of the key measures used to drive the
                                                                  business strategy for employees to execute.
                                                                  This is why the Board has used operating EPS (operating profit per security, diluted for
                                                                  tested performance rights) as one of the two (and the principal) performance hurdles
                                                                  in its LTI awards. Based on external analyst reports and investor discussions, the
                                                                  market overwhelmingly uses operating profit as the most relevant and appropriate
                                                                  measure to value the Group. This is covered in further detail in section 3.3.3.

                  Two proxy advisors and a small number of        The Board has considered the appropriate portion of the performance rights to be
                  investors recommended a preference for          tested using the TSR measure. Prior to this, we engaged with a large number of
                  the LTI awards to be 50% tested against the     investors and proxy advisors to obtain feedback on this matter. The feedback we
                  operating EPS hurdle (currently 75%) and        received from investors was that there is no universally accepted view as to what level
                  50% tested against the relative TSR hurdle      of TSR (if any) is appropriate for LTI metrics or whether it should be absolute or
                  (currently 25%)                                 relative TSR.
                                                                  Our largest investors are significantly in favour of retaining our existing 75/25 testing
                                                                  structure. Primarily investors noted that the current structure has been successful
                                                                  over many years, and they support the link between OEPS and cash flow and the
                                                                  alignment of remuneration outcomes for all staff with returns for Securityholder.
                                                                  The Board has resolved to retain the current LTIP testing structure, in light of both the
                                                                  market feedback and its own view that the 75/25 testing structure has promoted
                                                                  better Company performance and the appropriate alignment with employees and
                                                                  Securityholders.




                                                                                                                                                          64
                                                                                 Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 2. REMUNERATION STRATEGY

                 The Group’s remuneration structure reflects:
                 + Appropriate incentive based remuneration to attract and retain high quality employees in the labour markets the Group operates in
                     globally. Goodman has positioned itself with significant expertise in planning, design and delivery of essential infrastructure globally.
                     There continues to be strong competition for experienced talent in the logistics and data centre sectors, with data centres in
                     particular a significant growth driver for the Group, over the next five to ten years and many new entrants to the sector looking to
                     build teams.
                 + Our operations are increasingly complex (particularly planning and capital intensity), and projects can take many years to complete,
                     embedding significant value in the sites prior to realisation and therefore timeframes of LTI align with this delivery
                 + The objective of aligning multiple regional businesses with a global strategy and pay for performance outcomes
                 + Incentive structures within real estate businesses are highly outcome driven, particularly influenced by private equity real estate
                     managers where most institutional assets reside. Our focus on pay for performance through LTI awards is a key component of
                     competitively rewarding successful outcomes.




For personal use only
                 The Group’s capital and resource allocations shift over time in response to variable market circumstances. The effects of these real
                 estate strategies can take time to manifest. The Group’s remuneration framework is therefore focused on influencing long-term decision
                 making and collaboration across business units and international operations to derive sustainable outcomes.

                 Furthermore, the retention of talent is critical for the long-term success of the Group and is increasingly challenging given the competitive
                 sectors and markets our teams operate in around the world. The Group’s remuneration framework is crucial in its ability to have the
                 appropriate human resources to deliver on the strategy, create the right culture and drive performance for the benefit of all stakeholders.
                 This is becoming even more complex with the significant near-term execution required in the data centre space, to deliver the long-term
                 performance targets.

                 The Board considers that the remuneration structure achieves these strategic aims through the focus on the LTIP. The potential for
                 employees to earn a significant part of their remuneration through a long-term plan with challenging but sustainable cash-based earnings
                 targets, has been a key component of the Group’s success as an international organisation.

                 The LTIP has been a fundamental differentiator in generating and rewarding long-term performance and retaining quality people in a
                 highly competitive global environment. It is particularly important considering the challenges created by the volatility in global political and
                 capital markets and binds all employees together as Securityholders in the business and is a powerful incentive and driver of operational
                 resilience. The Board believes that aligning all employees with Securityholders through the Group’s remuneration structure, and in
                 particular the LTIP, has added significant value to the Group.

                 All permanent full time and part time employees are eligible to receive LTI grants, which will be a material component of remuneration if
                 performance hurdles are met or exceeded. The hurdles are intended to be challenging without encouraging inappropriate risk (see
                 section 3.3.2), thereby enhancing alignment of rewards across the Group with Securityholders.

                 The ten-year plan for the Group CEO, other executive KMP and a number of other senior executives in the organisation has a four-year
                 testing period with vesting occurring at the end of year four through to the end of year ten to the extent that the hurdles have been met.
                 These testing and vesting timeframes are longer than any other LTI plan offered by S&P/ASX 100 companies and influence decision
                 making and create alignment with the time periods required to deliver superior and sustainable operational results.

                 The five-year plan remains in place for all eligible employees who do not participate in the ten-year plan. This has a three-year testing
                 period with vesting from the end of year three to the end of year five, which is longer than most in the S&P/ASX 100. The testing hurdles
                 are aligned with the ten-year plan.

                 Base salaries and STI are kept relatively low compared to market medians, increasing the total component of remuneration that is at risk
                 over the short and long term. For instance, the Group CEO’s base remuneration has not changed in 18 years, and since 2014 he has
                 agreed with the Board not to receive an STI award.




                                                                                                                                                               65
                                                                                                                                                       Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 2.1                                                                            Objectives of the remuneration strategy


                                                                                                 Remuneration structure       Performance conditions            Alignment with strategy and long-term performance
                                                                                                 Fixed remuneration           Scope and complexity of the       Real estate investment management and development are cyclical,
                                                                                                 Low fixed costs, with the    role, individual absolute and     so fixed employee costs are kept relatively low, below median and
                                                                                                 focus on at risk             relative comparison in the        mean for comparable companies.
                                                                                                 components of                relevant market and
                                                                                                 remuneration.                comparator group.

                                                                                                 STI remuneration is a        Assessment includes:              STI is an at risk component, rewarding financial and non-financial
                                                                                                 100% at risk                 Achieving the operating EPS       performance against objectives of the individual and the Group.
                                                                                                 performance based            target. This is a gate, for       The performance of individuals is assessed through a performance
                                                                                                 award tied to operational    establishing an STI pool for      appraisal process based on contribution to strategic, financial,
                                                                                                 performance metrics          executive KMP but does not        operational, sustainability, social and governance objectives, while
                                                                                                 over the past 12 months.     determine the level of STI. If    also reflecting behavioural expectations (see section 4.1).




For personal use only
                                                                                                 For executive KMP,           EPS guidance is not met,          Financial and operational performance is the primary measure in
                                                                                                 payments are made in         there is no STI pool. In          determining the maximum level of STI for the individual; however,
                                                                                                 two instalments, the first   addition, employees must          remuneration can be penalised if behavioural standards are not
                                                                                                 after the financial year     meet Goodman behavioural          met or breached (up to 100% of STI for certain measures – see
                                                                                                 end and the second 12        expectations per the Code of      section 3.2). These factors together incentivise the executive KMPs
                                                                                                 months later.                Conduct to qualify.               to achieve the operating EPS targets as well as doing so in a




                        At risk remuneration - typically >90% of Group CEO total remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                manner which aligns with appropriate risk and governance settings.
                                                                                                                              STI quantum is then assessed
                                                                                                                                                                Given the complex nature of the Group’s global operations,
                                                                                                                              based on individual financial,
                                                                                                                                                                individual financial metrics are reflected in the operating EPS as
                                                                                                                              operational, sustainability       well as other financial risk measures. This structure is simple and
                                                                                                                              objectives as appropriate for
                                                                                                                                                                transparent and aligns management with the operating EPS growth
                                                                                                                              the individual.
                                                                                                                                                                expectations of Securityholders. Detailed financial metrics for the
                                                                                                                                                                business are disclosed in reporting.

                                                                                                 LTI is at risk               75% tested based on               The high weighting to LTI is believed to be the most effective way of
                                                                                                 remuneration that            achieving the cash-based          rewarding sustained performance and retaining talent while
                                                                                                 rewards long-term            operating EPS hurdle range        maintaining alignment with Securityholders’ longer term investment
                                                                                                 sustained performance.       25% tested based on relative      expectations.
                                                                                                 New awards will be           TSR against the S&P/ASX           Hurdles are set to be competitive relative to reference groups and
                                                                                                 granted in FY25 in           100 constituents. The             challenging for management with a significant stretch component,
                                                                                                 relation to FY24             benchmark index aligns with a     but without encouraging inappropriate risk in execution (see
                                                                                                 performance                  significant portion of            section 3.3.2) relative to external and internal reference points.
                                                                                                 achievements, an             investors’ benchmarks             TSR provides an effective check against increasing risk or
                                                                                                 assessment of potential      relevant to their holdings and    unsustainable practices within the Group as the price to earnings
                                                                                                 future contributions and     provides closest alignment        multiple attributable to securities will typically reflect the risk in
                                                                                                 relevant alignment of        with their performance.           achieving operating EPS targets, which impacts the ultimate value
                                                                                                 employees.                   Sustainability targets (set by    upon vesting.
                                                                                                 Ten-year plan awards to      the Board) over the LTIP          TSR impacts the value of all performance rights. Given the
                                                                                                 the Group CEO, other         testing period with penalty to    significant proportion of overall remuneration that relates to LTI,
                                                                                                 executive KMP and            vesting outcomes of up to         the effective impact of the TSR (e.g. security price) on
                                                                                                 certain senior executives    20% of rights satisfying the      remuneration in a relative sense is much greater than its 25%
                                                                                                 are tested over four         operating EPS hurdle, for         weighting. The combination of 25% TSR testing and in excess of
                                                                                                 years with vesting in        material underperformance         90% equity-based remuneration for the Group CEO, provides
                                                                                                 equal tranches, annually,    against targets.                  greater exposure to TSR than the average of ASX 20 companies.
                                                                                                 from the end of year four    Achieving full vesting requires   Equity issuance to all employees encourages a collaborative
                                                                                                 to the end of year ten.      significant outperformance of     approach and broader distribution of remuneration across the
                                                                                                 Five-year plan awards to     the relevant peer groups EPS      entire workforce when the Group is performing well.
                                                                                                 remaining employees are      and TSR performance and
                                                                                                 tested over three years      should align with significant
                                                                                                 with vesting in equal        outperformance for
                                                                                                 tranches, annually, from     Securityholders
                                                                                                 the end of year 3 to the
                                                                                                 end of year 5.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   66
                                                                                Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 2.2 Remuneration mix and alignment across the Group

                 The Board believes that the alignment between pay and long-term performance is evidenced by the significant proportion of the total
                 remuneration that is at risk for the Group CEO, the other executive KMP and employees throughout the organisation. In respect of the
                 Group CEO, all at risk remuneration is in the form of LTI as he has again agreed with the Board not to receive an STI award.

                 The charts below illustrate the vested remuneration received during FY24, which includes fixed base pay, STI and the value of
                 performance rights that vested during FY24 (from prior grants and using the closing Goodman security price on the day of vesting). In
                 respect of the grants that vested, while there was partial vesting associated with certain of the TSR tested tranches, the overall at risk
                 remuneration across the Group is illustrated below.

                 The Board believes that this demonstrates the alignment of the remuneration outcomes for the Group CEO with the outcomes for
                 Securityholders who have experienced strong performance over a significant period alongside the Group CEO.

                 FY24 vested remuneration outcome




For personal use only
                 For the prospective FY25 awards, which would only vest over the period from 1 September 2029 through to 1 September 2035, the
                 Board would expect a similar proportion of at risk elements for future remuneration. This assumes a similar vesting proportion compared
                 to FY24.




                                                                                                                                                              67
                                                                             Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 3. EXECUTIVE REMUNERATION FRAMEWORK

                 3.1    When is remuneration earned and received?

                 The chart below illustrates the timing of receipt of the remuneration components for executive KMP. Performance goals under the ten-
                 year plan must be achieved over a period of four years to qualify for performance-based pay. Vesting then occurs in seven equal
                 tranches from years four to ten.




For personal use only




                                                                                                                                                        68
                                                                                     Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 3.2 Short-term incentive (STI)

                 STI is an at risk component of remuneration. Receiving an STI is subject to Group-wide and individual gates and is then determined by
                 the individual’s performance in their respective role.

                        Questions
                        Who is eligible to     All full-time and part-time permanent employees are eligible to participate in the STI. However, the Group
                        participate in the     CEO has again agreed with the Board not to participate in the STI awards, to emphasise reward for long-term
                        STI?                   decision making across the organisation.
                        What is the form of    STI is awarded in cash. For executive KMP, 50% of the STI award is paid on finalisation of Goodman’s full year
                        the STI award?         result and 50% of the STI award is deferred and paid in cash after a period of 12 months. This deferred STI
                                               amount is subject to forfeiture under malus provisions (refer below).
                        What is the            STI awards are capped at 150% of fixed remuneration for executive KMP. Target STI for individuals is also
                        maximum award          compared to market-based remuneration data and their manager’s own assessment of what an appropriate




For personal use only
                        participants           level of incentive compensation may be relative to the long-term value that person brings to the Group.
                        may earn?
                        How is the             The Board sets targets for the business annually. These targets are set relative to the market conditions,
                        STI earned?            earnings visibility, financial structure and strategy and are believed to be challenging, competitive and
                                               appropriate. Requirements for STI include:(1) The Group’s initial guidance for the financial year must be
                                               achieved in order for an overall company-wide bonus pool to be available for the executive KMP (2) meeting
                                               behavioural expectations under the Group’s Code of Conduct (3) individual financial and operational
                                               assessment, including sustainability targets where relevant.
                                               It is important to note, achieving the operating EPS Target does not determine the level of STI. It is a gate to
                                               the creation of the STI pool.
                                               STI process
                                                                                                                                                     Impact
                                               1st Hurdle                                     Operating EPS                                          Gate
                                               2nd Hurdle                                     Conduct, Governance, Social and Diversity              Gate
                                               Financial, and operational assessments
                                                                                              Individual assessment                                  0% to 100%
                                               (including sustainability objectives)
                        How is the             STI rewards annual performance against objectives of the individual and the Group.
                        individual STI         The Group objectives include multiple factors as set from time to time, dependent on the market and strategy
                        award determined?      of the Group. Overall Group financial performance relative to targets is the primary assessment, overlaid with
                                               required achievement against sustainability objectives and adherence to the Group’s core values and
                                               conduct.
                                               The performance of individuals is assessed through a detailed and formal performance appraisal process
                                               based on contribution to financial and non-financial targets as well as compliance with the Group's Code of
                                               Conduct. Consideration is also given to the total remuneration package with a view to retaining people in a
                                               competitive market and appropriately aligning and motivating employees.
                        Is there malus/        Payment of 50% of the executive KMP STI awards is deferred for 12 months from the date of publication of
                        clawback?              Goodman’s financial statements. This deferral period provides protection from malus. The Board has
                                               discretion to forfeit deferred amounts for material misstatement, fraud or adverse changes that would have
                                               affected the award where there is executive responsibility.
                        Is STI deferred into   STI awards for the executive KMP are not deferred into equity. The executive KMP have the ability to earn a
                        equity?                much greater portion of equity-based remuneration (relative to the average for companies in the S&P/ASX 20
                                               and S&P/ASX 100) through the LTIP awards and hence they are already significantly more aligned with
                                               Securityholders’ outcomes than executives at other listed entities. As a result, in the Board’s view, there is little
                                               benefit in deferring some or all of the STI into equity.
                        What happens to
                        STI upon               For the executive KMP, the deferred portion of STI award is subject to immediate forfeiture in circumstances
                        termination or         where employees are dismissed for cause without notice (e.g. fraud or serious misconduct) or resign from the
                        resignation?           organisation, barring special circumstances.




                                                                                                                                                                   69
                                                                                     Goodman Group



                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 While STI and LTI both utilise an operating EPS measure the impact of the test has different consequences on remuneration.
                 For the STI:
                 + Achieving the operating EPS guidance for a particular financial year acts as a gate, not a financial calculation determining the
                     quantum of payment. The Group’s initial guidance for the financial year ahead must be achieved for an overall company-wide bonus
                     pool to be available for the majority of staff
                 + STI (excluding the Group CEO) is then determined based on individual employee performance objectives.
                 For the LTI:
                 + Operating EPS is tested over four years, so while the first year’s guidance is relevant, it is only one year of the four years growth
                     required to determine CAGR in operating EPS for the tranches of the LTI. The level of compound annual growth achieved will
                     determine the financial outcome under the LTI as it relates to the number of securities that would vest
                 + The level of certainty relating to operating EPS growth is lower beyond one year, and hence the guidance for the coming financial year
                     is not indicative of future years.




For personal use only
                 3.3 Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP)

                 The LTIP is an equity-based reward that is at risk due to its dependence on performance and time. It is open to all permanent employees
                 and creates alignment of remuneration outcomes throughout the Group with the interests of Securityholders over the long term.
                 + No value is derived from LTI unless minimum performance hurdles of operating EPS and relative TSR are achieved or exceeded, and
                   performance rights have no entitlement to dividends or assets until they vest
                 + Where the performance hurdles are achieved or exceeded and performance rights vest, LTI will represent the majority of
                   remuneration for executive KMP. It will also be a material component of remuneration for all participating employees
                 + Performance rights represent a small portion of the Group’s equity and a very small percentage of the likely value created for
                   Securityholders where the performance hurdles are met, and vesting occurs.
                 +         The operating EPS hurdle requires a compound annual growth rate over the testing period that includes in the weighted average
                           securities count those performance rights that have already met the hurdles but have not yet vested, thereby incorporating the
                           effect of the dilution on Securityholders.

                 3.3.1       LTI awards

                        Questions
                        Who is eligible          All full-time and part-time permanent employees are eligible to participate in either the five-year or the ten-
                        to participate?          year plans. Executive KMP and some senior executives participate in the ten-year plan.

                        What is the form of      The LTIP awards performance rights linked to the underlying ASX listed securities. The performance rights
                        the award?               do not receive distributions or have any right to income, net assets or voting until vesting.

                        What is the maximum      When considering the overall size of LTIP awards, the Board also considers the number of securities that
                        LTI participants may     could vest and the associated impact on the operating EPS growth. The total five-year and ten-year
                        earn?                    performance rights outstanding under the LTIP (both equity-settled and cash-settled) are capped at 5.0% of
                                                 issued capital and at 30 June 2024 equated to 4.2%. The number of rights vesting on 1 September 2024 will
                                                 be 0.7% of total issued equity. Even if the number of outstanding rights were equal to the cap of 5.0% of
                                                 issued capital, assuming the ten-year plan has been in place for ten years, all hurdles are fully achieved and
                                                 all employees remain employed over the vesting period, then the vested securities would represent
                                                 approximately 1.1% of issued capital. This equates to a small proportion of the likely value created for
                                                 Securityholders if the LTIP performance hurdles are achieved (see section 4.3.5).
                                                 Ultimately it is a function of the performance of Goodman and the security price, the better the performance
                                                 and the higher the price, the greater the reward. This is fully aligned with the outcomes for the
                                                 Securityholders.

                        How is the number of     The Board sets the quantum based on several factors described in sections 4.2 and 4.3. The Board
                        rights determined?       considers the face value (security price) per right at the end of the prior financial year e.g. in respect of the
                                                 intended awards to be made in FY25, the Board considers the face value at 30 June 2024.



                                                                                                                                                                     70
                                                                                  Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                        Questions
                        What are the           Behaviour in accordance with Goodman’s core values is an absolute requirement for the granting of
                        performance            performance rights.
                        measures?              The Board believes that the commercial decisions management makes in fulfilment of its overall financial
                                               objectives are best reflected in two key indicators: operating EPS and TSR (relative to the S&P/ASX 100).
                                               Operating EPS is a critical measure of long-term Group-wide performance of the operations (see section
                                               3.3.3).
                                               The hurdles are set to be competitive and challenging relative to external and internal reference points (see
                                               sections 3.3.2 and 4.3.3).
                                               TSR provides both alignment with Securityholder returns and an effective check against increasing risk
                                               practices within the Group, in that the price to earnings multiple for the Goodman Group will reflect the
                                               markets perceived risk in achieving operating EPS targets.
                                               The proposed FY25 LTIP awards, will incorporate sustainability targets, in addition to the operating EPS and
                                               relative TSR hurdles. Targets set by the Board will be tested annually and at the end of the LTIP testing




For personal use only
                                               period. A penalty can apply to the number of performance rights that have satisfied the operating EPS
                                               hurdle, with 20% maximum reduction in the event of material underperformance against the sustainability
                                               targets occurs.
                                               LTI Process – three and four-year testing period
                                                                                                                        Impact
                                               1st Hurdle                             Conduct and behaviour             Gate: 0% to 100%
                                               2nd hurdle                             Operating EPS and relative        0% to 100%
                                                                                      TSR
                                                                                                                        The penalty applies to the number of
                                                                                                                        performance rights that have satisfied
                                               Group assessment                       Sustainability                    the operating EPS hurdle with 20%
                                                                                                                        maximum reduction in the event of
                                                                                                                        material underperformance against
                                                                                                                        targets
                        What is the            75% operating EPS hurdle
                        weighting?             25% relative TSR hurdle

                        What is the            Ten-year plan: both operating EPS and relative TSR performance are tested over four financial years
                        performance period?    starting from 1 July in the year the grant was made. Operating EPS growth is assessed in the fourth year
                                               relative to the year preceding the year of the grant. Sustainability targets are reviewed annually and tested at
                                               the end of year four.
                                               Five-year plan: both operating EPS and relative TSR performance are tested over three financial years
                                               starting from 1 July in the year the grant was made. Operating EPS growth is assessed in the third year
                                               relative to the year preceding the year of the grant. Sustainability targets are reviewed annually and tested at
                                               the end of year three.
                        How do the LTIP        Ten-year plan: Subject to meeting performance hurdles, vesting occurs in equal tranches shortly after the
                        awards vest?           end of years four to ten, provided participants remain employed by the Group.
                                               Five-year plan: Subject to meeting performance hurdles, vesting occurs in equal tranches shortly after the
                                               end of years three to five, provided participants remain employed by the Group.
                        Is there clawback?     Subject to immediate forfeiture in circumstances where employees are dismissed for cause (e.g. fraud or
                                               serious misconduct). LTI will also be forfeited where employees cease to be employed, unless in Special
                                               Circumstances.
                        What happens to        Performance rights lapse upon the employee leaving Goodman unless in Special Circumstances (primarily
                        awards upon            Death, Total and Permanent Disablement, Redundancy and Retirement in the normal course) in which case
                        termination?           they are not subject to the employment requirement and vest subject to performance hurdles being met and
                                               the usual vesting timetable.
                        What rights are        Performance rights do not have the same rights and entitlements as ordinary Securityholders prior to
                        attached to the        vesting (e.g. distributions, voting, rights issue participation). They would be subject to reconstruction in
                        performance rights?    instances of corporate events such as stock splits or stock consolidations.

                        Is there a minimum     Executive KMP are expected to hold 100% of the value of their fixed remuneration in Goodman securities. In
                        executive KMP equity   addition, Goodman’s remuneration structure includes significant emphasis on performance-based
                        holding                remuneration in equity and therefore the overall exposure of executive KMP to Goodman securities extends
                                               significantly beyond this requirement.
                        Can the hurdles be     No (subject to ASX Listing Rule adjustments).
                        adjusted?

                                                                                                                                                                 71
                                                                                 Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 3.3.2 Setting operating EPS hurdles for LTI

                 The operating EPS target range under the LTIP is only for the purpose of testing criteria for vesting of performance rights. The range
                 does not constitute earnings guidance for the Group.

                 The hurdles are set in line with the pay for performance culture and the Board’s desire for them to be both challenging and competitive
                 while maintaining the integrity of the business strategy and risk management objectives in a sustainable manner.

                 The hurdle range, has been set with reference to:
                 +      The significant proportion of the Group’s revenue over the next three to four years being at risk in the sense that it is not currently
                        contracted and subject to a wide number of variables. This is particularly in regard to the proportion of income derived from
                        development activities and performance fees
                 +      The range of potential real estate opportunities for the Group globally that can impact returns and performance, given the Group’s
                        constraints associated with the risk parameters and the concentrated locations of operation




For personal use only
                 +      The long-run historical performance of the Group, noting that previous history is not a reflection of future earnings growth
                 +      Increased volatility across the global economic and political environment which has manifest in higher cost of capital, and slower real
                        gross domestic product growth rates
                 +      The desire to achieve a sustainable long-term growth rate that is competitive with the market on a risk adjusted basis.

                 The hurdles are set for the entire period of the plan and hence performance must be achieved regardless of changes to business
                 conditions globally. Employees carry the risk associated with external factors negatively impacting operating earnings and, in the Board’s
                 view this risk has increased given the ongoing geopolitical tensions and the impact this has on global economic activity and capital
                 markets.

                 3.3.3 Operating EPS – long-term cash flow alignment with vesting outcomes

                 The Group presents statutory profit in accordance with IFRS, including all required disclosures. Operating profit is a management defined
                 profit measure provided by the Group in addition to Statutory profit. The use of such non-IFRS measures is a common market practice
                 and measures are typically bespoke to each company and referred to as underlying profit, operating profit, management profit,
                 normalised profit, FFO, AFFO etc. They are used by companies to reflect the underlying operational earnings of the business (or in
                 Goodman’s case, the underlying cash-based earnings).

                 The Board believes that managing the business, on what is primarily a cash profit basis, is the strongest determinant of value creation for
                 Securityholders over time. That is the intent of the Group’s operating profit definition (and operating EPS), and it is the key measures used
                 to drive the business strategy. This links directly to all employees globally who execute this strategy. It is also why the Board has used
                 operating EPS (operating profit per security diluted for tested performance rights) as the principal performance test in its LTI awards. It
                 represents the actual cash-based operating profit that Securityholders are entitled to, at the point when testing outcomes are confirmed.

                 Importantly, based on investment analyst reports and discussions with investors, the public equity market participants overwhelmingly
                 use operating profit as the most relevant and appropriate measure to value the Group. This is important as it directly impacts the targets
                 we set.




                                                                                                                                                             72
                                                                                 Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 Calculation of operating EPS
                 Operating EPS has been calculated and applied consistently since being adopted in 2005.
                 + Operating profit intentionally excludes non-cash profits and losses that form part of the statutory result
                 + As required under the accounting standards, the Share Based Payments (SBP) expense in the Group’s statutory income statement
                     reflects the amortisation of the aggregated fair value of outstanding performance rights. Given the volatility inherent in the
                     accounting valuation of the performance rights, and its non-cash nature, it is appropriate for the SBP expense to be excluded from
                     operating profit, like other non-cash items (such as unrealised revaluations and derivative mark to market movements). The
                     performance rights awarded under the LTIP have no impact on Securityholders until they have vested.
                 + The operating EPS at each reporting date is calculated using the weighted average number of securities, which includes:
                          - All securities that have already vested
                          - Rights that have been tested and assessed as having met the hurdles but have not yet vested (tested rights, in the case of
                                 the ten year plan, will be included in this calculation up to seven years before they vest and two years in the case of the five
                                 year plan)
                     The Board believes the cost of the LTIP to Securityholders, which arises from the future dilution through the issuance of securities
                     under the LTIP, is most appropriately reflected by including all vested and tested performance rights in the denominator used for




For personal use only
                     determining operating EPS. This is not subject to accounting estimation (up and down) and is a more definitive measure of the cost
                     to Securityholders
                 + The inclusion of these unvested performance rights in the operating EPS calculation is a conservative treatment as the financial
                     impact of the performance rights occurs only when securities are issued through the dilution to net assets per security at the time of
                     issuance and the dilution to operating EPS in future reporting periods
                 + Not all performance rights vest even if they have satisfied performance hurdles, which does not always align with the treatment of
                     the SBP expense in the statutory financial statements. In addition, the accounting for SBP potentially has the effect of incurring an
                     expense impacting prior year performance, which may be reversed in a later period if vesting conditions are not met. This is an
                     uncontrollable outcome and not an appropriate methodology for testing employee performance
                 + Following successful testing at the end of years three or four (for the five-year plan and ten-year plan respectively), performance
                     rights still have no entitlement to distributions or net assets, nor do they have all of the other usual Securityholder rights until they
                     vest, which may be up to seven years later (under the ten-year plan)
                 + All performance rights that have passed the testing hurdles are included in the operating EPS calculation and therefore operating
                     profit needs to absorb this dilution of future vesting to continue meeting future hurdles.

                 Use of cash settled performance rights
                 In certain jurisdictions, it is impractical to issue performance rights which vest into Goodman securities. In these instances, cash settled
                 performance rights are issued, with the same economic outcome on vesting. From time to time, the Group may issue new securities into
                 the market to fund the settlement of those rights. This results in the same outcome to Securityholders as if the cash settled rights had
                 been settled in Goodman securities because it results in the situation where the dilutionary impact to operating EPS is consistent with the
                 equity settled performance rights.

                 As in recent years, the Board’s current intention is to issue securities to fund the cash requirements for the cash settled rights. This
                 results in the effective funding of the LTIP having no cash impact for the Group and therefore the SBP expense remains effectively a non-
                 cash item in the context of the definition of operating profit.




                                                                                                                                                                73
                                                                                   Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 3.4 Non-financial measures

                 3.4.1     Types of non-financial measures

                 Goodman continues to increase accountability and transparency across a range of non-financial measures which are important to the
                 Group’s culture and its stakeholders. These are integral components of the organisation and encompass a wide range of areas (which
                 can be found in detail on our website) including:
                 + Sustainability considerations for developments and building operations
                 + Carbon emission reduction strategies (see sustainability report)
                 + The wellbeing of Goodman’s people and striving to make a positive impact on the communities where we operate
                 + High standards of corporate and social governance
                 + A diverse and inclusive work environment
                 + Behaviour standards that are in line with Goodman’s Code of Conduct.
                 All of these are integrated with Goodman’s culture and business operations with the Group’s financial results being achieved whilst




For personal use only
                 performing to these expectations.
                 Individuals’ behaviour and adherence to the Code of Conduct, governance, support of diversity principles and social programs are
                 assessed as a gate to STI and LTI awards. Breaches or non-performance can result in forfeiture of LTI or potentially more severe
                 consequences, including termination of employment.

                 3.4.2 Integration of non-financial measures into LTI

                 The Board also believes that ownership through the LTIP assists in creating a common purpose in the organisation and that this has been
                 reflected in the Group’s performance over many years. Behaviour and adherence to the Group’s Code of Conduct have always been a
                 prerequisite to entitlement to vested LTI and since 2021 additional hurdles for vesting, related to our sustainability targets, have been
                 incorporated into awards (detailed in sections 4.1.6 and 4.3.4)

                 +       The Board will review progress on targets annually and set long-term targets each year as they relate to the new testing period
                 +       Sustainability objectives and their execution are integrated into the operations of the Group, particularly for development projects.
                         For this reason, the additional penalty criteria will apply to the operating EPS tested performance rights
                 +       Targets set by Board will be tested formally at the end of the testing period
                 +       Targets and performance will be reported each year in the remuneration report.




                                                                                                                                                                 74
                                                                                 Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 4. PERFORMANCE AND OUTCOMES
                 The Group has delivered an exceptional result, significantly outperforming the original estimates notwithstanding the challenging
                 operating conditions and market volatility. Goodman’s security price has continued to demonstrate a significant premium to underlying
                 net assets and outperformance relative to the peer group indices, attributable to the value creation by employees. The Group’s
                 remuneration strategy, focused on long-term outcomes, is the key driver of this sustained performance. Detailed results for FY24 are
                 found in the Directors’ report in the Operating and Financial Review and our Results Presentation.

                 4.1    Goodman FY24 performance, financial and operational highlights and statistics

                                    Financial
                                    Operating profit of $2,049 million (up 15% on FY23)
                                    Operating EPS of 107.5 cents (up 14% on FY23)
                                    Distribution maintained at 30.0 cents per security to sustain financial risk management objectives




For personal use only
                                    Net tangible assets per security decreased 3.5% to $8.80
                                    Operational property investment, management, and development
                                    High occupancy maintained at 97.7% and like for like net property income growth of 4.9%
                                    Total portfolio of $79 billion
                                    Strong performance by the Partnerships, achieving weighted average total returns of 11.6% over the past 5 years
                                    Development WIP of $13.0 billion and with 99% commitment levels on completions and 13 year weighted average
                                    lease terms
                                    People, culture and community
                                    Social investment of $13.5 million by the Goodman Foundation, employee fund raising and contributions in kind
                                    through efforts of employees worldwide, contributing 3,993 hours to volunteering in our communities
                                    The level of females in senior roles remained at 30% in FY24. Goodman continues to work towards 40% females in
                                    senior roles by 2030 and 40:40:20 gender representation overall by 2030
                                    Continued implementation of our Sustainable Sourcing Framework to support human rights and social procurement
                                    initiatives.
                                    Strong focus on reinforcing employee behaviours that are consistent with the Group’s values
                                    Feedback from employees in various regions via surveys undertaken in FY24 indicates strong leadership,
                                    communication, and high employee engagement with an average 84% favourable response, in those regions where
                                    surveys were conducted.
                                    Climate
                                    Goodman’s global operations is on track to maintain certification as a carbon-neutral organisation under the Climate
                                    Active program
                                    Goodman's global renewable energy usage is expected to remain above 80%, with the Australian operations
                                    consuming certified GreenPower and other regions using renewable energy certificates
                                    Approximately 330 MW of solar PV is now installed or committed across the global portfolio
                                    Continued to calculate and track the embodied emissions for all of Goodman’s logistics developments globally,
                                    completing approximately 30 life cycle assessments in FY24
                                    Capital management
                                    Maintained significant available liquidity of $3.8 billion for the Group and capital resources of $13.9 billion in the
                                    Partnerships
                                    Significant business growth while maintaining low gearing at 8.4%

                                    Group and Partnerships completed debt refinancing transactions totalling $8.1 billion




                                                                                                                                                             75
                                                                                                       Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 4.1.1           Financial performance

                        Performance measures                                                        FY20                    FY21                  FY22           FY23         FY24

                        Operating profit ($M)                                                     1,060.2                 1,219.4               1,528.0         1,783.2     2,049.3
                        Operating EPS (cents)                                                         57.5                   65.6                    81.3          94.3        107.5
                        Operating EPS growth (%)                                                        11.4                  14.1                  24.0            16.0         14.0
                        Security price as at 30 June ($)                                             14.85                   21.17                 17.84         20.07        34.75
                        Distributions per security (cents)                                            30.0                   30.0                  30.0            30.0         30.0
                        3-year TSR (%)1                                                              103.4                  133.4                   24.7            41.3        70.9
                        NTA per security ($)                                                          5.84                   6.68                   8.37            9.12        8.80
                        Growth in NTA ($B)                                                               1.0                   1.7                    3.3             1.5       (0.5)
                        Gearing (%)                                                                     7.5                   6.8                     8.5            8.3          8.4




For personal use only
                        Total Portfolio ($B)                                                           51.6                  57.9                   73.0            81.0         78.7
                        Market capitalisation premium to NTA                                          16.5                   26.8                    17.7         20.6         49.3
                        ($B)
                        1.      TSR is the increase in market capitalisation plus dividends and distributions, attributable to the respective financial year.

                        4.1.2         Operating EPS performance

                 CAGR in operating EPS over the past five years has been exceptional at 15.8%, which has exceeded forecasts. This has been achieved
                 whilst maintaining low gearing.




                                                                                                                                                                                    76
                                                                                 Goodman Group


                   Directors’ report
                   Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                        4.1.3   Total security price returns
                 Goodman is the only real estate group currently in the S&P/ASX 20 and the 9th largest ASX listed entity at 30 June 2024 with a market
                 capitalisation of $66.0 billion. Despite the volatility in the past 24 months impacting pricing of global interest rate sensitive sectors, the
                 chart below shows the Group has consistently (and significantly) outperformed the S&P/ASX 20, S&P/ASX 100 and S&P/ASX 200 A-
                 REIT indices over medium to longer term.




For personal use only




                                                                                                                                                                  77
                                                                                 Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 4.1.4       Group CEO performance

                 In determining the Group CEO’s remuneration, the Board acknowledged his strong leadership through the challenges of economic,
                 market and operational volatility in recent years, positioning the business for resilience and outperformance in FY24, far exceeding the
                 Group’s operational targets. In particular, the Board acknowledges the strategic decisions driven by the Group CEO, to establish a
                 significant opportunity in the data centre sector, for the future benefit of Securityholders. It has also considered the following contributing
                 factors and highlights:

                        Gregory Goodman      Group CEO
                        Leadership           + Positioned the business as a leader in its field, managing, motivating and incentivising key personnel
                                               across the platform to perform in highly competitive environment
                                             + Developed and positioned the global business strategy consistently across all markets to sustain the
                                               performance of the Group despite the increases in volatility, costs and risk in the global operating
                                               environment.




For personal use only
                                             + Positioned the business in key locations providing future opportunities for development and higher cash
                                               flow resilience
                                             + Guided the Group to continues to outperform targets, retaining employees and increasing community
                                               support and charitable programs
                                             + Fostered a culture that focused on delivering quality across all aspects of the business: people, properties
                                               and service
                                             + Led global internal programs to promote a strong culture of inclusion, collaboration and conduct across
                                               the organisation, underpinned by the long-held principles in the Group’s Code of Conduct, treating all
                                               stakeholders with integrity, and accountability, reflected in top decile engagement scores
                                             + Reinforced Goodman’s purpose aimed at understanding the drivers of change and the needs of
                                               customers and all stakeholders to support their future success
                                             + Only 6.6% voluntary staff turnover in FY24, a marginal decrease from the level of FY23.

                        Financial and risk   + Fostered continuity of strategy over successive years leading to continued outperformance over
                                               benchmark indices and comparator companies in FY24, and with strong and sustained TSR of 149.4%
                                               over five years, almost 3 times the performance of the S&P/ASX 100
                                             + Delivered:
                                               - 75% total return to securityholders for FY24
                                               - Significant operating profit growth of 15% on FY23, to $2,049 million
                                               - Operating EPS of 107.5 cents, up 14% on FY23
                                               - Occupancy in the portfolio of 97.7%
                                             + Exceeded earnings guidance in FY24 after posting significant outperformance in FY23, through volatile
                                               economic conditions
                                             + Drove a clearly defined capital management strategy with financial leverage of 8.4% and maintained a
                                               strong Group balance sheet with $3.8 billion of liquidity
                                             + Continued managing relationships with capital partners. Available equity and financial facilities totalled
                                               $13.9 billion at 30 June 2024
                                             + Integrated strong risk management approaches globally.




                                                                                                                                                              78
                                                                                 Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                        Gregory Goodman       Group CEO
                        Sustainability        + Instrumental in significantly increasing and evolving the focus on sustainability initiatives and programs
                                                throughout the Group and a culture which continually looks to improve Goodman’s impact on the world. In
                                                particular:
                                                - Established collaborations with global design and architecture organisations to look at evolution of
                                                    wholistic design, including approach to development, biodiversity, emissions, space, lifecycle
                                                - Maintaining our carbon neutral emissions operations target for the Group by 2025, first achieved in
                                                    FY21
                                                - Further progress on the 2025 solar PV installation on the rooftops of Goodman’s global portfolios,
                                                    reaching 330 MW of solar PV installations or commitments despite 50% less roof area available and
                                                    extension of intensity targets through to 2030
                                                - Established a process for measuring and assessing embodied carbon to transition to carbon neutral
                                                    developments. As part of a greater program to reduce embodied carbon, the Group CEO has




For personal use only
                                                    encouraged partnerships with materials suppliers to accelerate production of components which will
                                                    reduce our carbon footprint.
                                                - Developed several buildings on an embodied carbon neutral basis as offsets have been purchased
                                                    and retired.
                                                - Commenced test projects with the aim of maximising reduction in embodied carbon while maintaining
                                                    minimum required specifications for commercial use, including collaboration with suppliers, the use of
                                                    new materials and adapting design to increase low emissions components such as mass timber
                                              + Supported implementation and progression of EV incentive scheme for staff globally to encourage a shift
                                                towards lower emissions vehicles.
                        Social and cultural   + Continued to demonstrate strong personal commitment to the value of equity-based remuneration by
                                                taking 100% of variable remuneration in equity. Strong supporter of the ten-year plan for senior executives
                                                to ensure maximum alignment with the objectives of Securityholders.
                                              + Updated and enhanced our Sustainable Sourcing Framework, which includes non-climate related items as
                                                well as social procurement and modern slavery considerations.
                                              + The Group contributed $13.5 million to community and philanthropic causes and has a cumulative social
                                                investment target of $100.0 million for the period from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2030.
                                              + The Goodman Foundation strengthened its focus on:
                                                - building community resilience by providing essential human needs (food and housing security),
                                                   supporting psychosocial wellbeing, preventing violence against women, enabling education and
                                                   employment and responding to disasters and humanitarian issues the important role First Nations
                                                   communities and peoples play in Australia. Our Reflect Reconciliation Action Plan has received official
                                                   endorsement, and we have implemented cultural and community initiatives, and through the Goodman
                                                   Foundation we have contributed $2.4 million to First Nations peoples-focused community programs in
                                                   FY24.
                                                - Enabling the Goodman team globally to contribute 3,933 hours to volunteering and community events.




                                                                                                                                                              79
                                                                               Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 4.1.5      Other executive KMP performance

                 In FY24, the Board considered the following highlights when assessing other executive KMP:

                        Danny Peeters      Executive Director, Corporate
                                           + Successfully overseen Goodman Brazil, currently acting as interim CEO, including the execution of a
                                              business strategy consistent with the Group’s global objectives, adjusted to the local Brazilian market
                                              dynamics, both from a real estate and corporate perspective
                                           + Progressed the acquisition and permitting of significant infill development sites, despite the complicated
                                              regulatory and commercial context in Brazil, positioning the Group and Goodman Brazil Logistics
                                              Partnership to capitalise on the growing e-commerce penetration and powered infrastructure
                                              requirements
                                              - Completed the acquisition of prime infill sites for future redevelopment
                                              - Completed and progressed the permitting processes for significant increase in development projects
                                              - Advanced data centre opportunities within the current portfolio and acquisition pipeline
                                           + Played a key role in Goodman Brazil Logistics Partnership delivering quality and financial outcomes:




For personal use only
                                              - Occupancy of the stabilised portfolio increased to 97.1%
                                              - Total return on stabilised assets since inception of 13.3%
                                           + Strengthened relationships with regional and global e-commerce customers and capital partners
                                           + Embedded key controls and culture with the team working cohesively, while integrating a strong risk
                                              management approach:
                                              - Positive results from all internal and external compliance and operational audits
                                              - Zero workplace fatalities
                                           + Strengthened team capabilities and managed a focused and motivated team with an emphasis on strong
                                              leadership and embedded Goodman values
                                              - Female representation in senior roles above 50% in Goodman Brazil
                                           + Further integrated the Brazil operation into the global Goodman network
                                           + Provided advice and support to senior management in Group regarding data centre strategy,
                                              sustainability, modern slavery and innovation initiatives
                                           + Important direct link for the Board to the operations in Brazil.
                        Nick Vrondas       Group Chief Financial Officer
                                           + Overseen financial execution of the Group’s business strategy, including further progression into the global
                                              data centre market
                                           + Overseen the allocation of capital which has contributed to the Group’s strong FY24 operating profit result
                                              and a 73% increase in the security price over the year
                                           + Co-ordinated the financial performance and financial position of the regions in support of their strategic
                                              objectives
                                           + In relation to capital management, driven financial risk management policies and specific structural
                                              initiatives for the Group and Partnerships, which further strengthened their positions. At 30 June 2024, the
                                              Partnerships had $13.9 billion of equity commitments, cash and undrawn debt
                                           + Directed the Group’s initiatives with regard to debt finance transactions in banking and debt capital
                                              markets that sourced over $8.1 billion of new facilities for the Group and its Partnerships in FY24. This has
                                              resulted in increased liquidity, term to maturity and diversity of funding sources
                                           + Undertaken effective hedging and financial risk management via money market and hedge transactions of
                                              over $10.6 billion for the Group and Partnerships
                                           + The Group Chief Financial Officer role also has global responsibility for the Group’s IT platform and during
                                              FY24 has overseen further operational improvements in relation to IT systems and processes around the
                                              areas of cyber-risk and artificial intelligence
                                           + Undertaken an ongoing program of continuous improvement relating to various global compliance
                                              matters, risk management initiatives and operational controls
                                           + Maintained long-standing relationships within the local and global capital markets and advisory sectors
                                           + Managed effective statutory and management financial reporting which assisted operational and
                                              transactional decision making and managed the implementation of improvements and increased
                                              resilience into the systems and controls framework.
                                           + Actively involved in the Group Investment Committee process, therefore advising on the viability of
                                              various transactions alongside prudent risk management
                                           + Provided significant input into proposed and executed Group transactions.




                                                                                                                                                          80
                                                                           Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                        Anthony Rozic   Chief Executive Officer North America, and Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer
                                        + Played a critical role in communicating and reinforcing the Group’s strategy in the region, a key growth
                                           market for the Group
                                        + Managed a focused and motivated team with an emphasis on succession planning, strong leadership in
                                           embedding the Goodman values in the behaviour of the team and encouraging teamwork and
                                           collaboration
                                        + Continued to develop a high-quality portfolio and strongly differentiated brand position and building team
                                           capabilities and skill sets for complex acquisitions and developments ahead of future growth
                                           - Commencement of seven development projects with 2.6 million square feet (A$1.3 billion)
                                           - Pivot to onboard data centre opportunities
                                           - Continued to grow infill development pipeline with acquisitions of in major US gateway cities providing
                                               strong positioning for future performance and driven progress on new opportunities with significant
                                               portfolio of projects in due diligence
                                        + Oversaw strong performance of the investment portfolio with:




For personal use only
                                           - Occupancy at 99.5%
                                           - Continued active management of Investment Management operations with strong long-term
                                               performance. GNAP life to date IRR continues to track favourably at 13% despite negative valuations
                                               and the resetting of capitalisation rates in the US
                                        + Continued to build further new US based capital partner relationships
                                        + Implementation and completion of numerous new operational initiatives across property management
                                           procurement, development transition plan, outsource internal audit, business intelligence reporting.
                        Nick Kurtis     Group Head of Equities
                                        + Formulated and implemented the Partnerships’ strategies to successfully deliver consistent long-term
                                           total returns (Partnerships average total return over 5 years is >10%)
                                        + Established of new ventures to facilitate the growth of the partnership platform
                                        + Partnership investment portfolio delivered:
                                           - Annualised average annual total return on net assets of >10% over the past five years (based on the
                                               respective Partnership reporting periods)
                                        + Delivered strong performance metrics including:
                                           - Significant growth in management earnings up 62% to $776 million to the Group’s operating earnings
                                               including performance fee revenue of $331.2 million, with significant future embedded performance
                                               fees
                                           - External AUM of $70.2 billion across 20 Partnerships in 13 countries
                                        + Overseen strategic asset planning and a focus on new asset selection, to position the Group for long-term
                                           returns.
                                        + Communicated and executed the Group’s strategy and values across the investment management
                                           platform.
                                        + Communicated with key capital partners as the economic landscape evolved during the year and
                                           established investment and financing strategies to ensure portfolio investment program and execution
                                           was consistent with capital partner expectations.
                                        + Overseen Partnership capital management plans, including equity, debt and hedging strategies across the
                                           whole portfolio in all jurisdictions.
                                        + Fostered strong relationships with existing and new capital partners.
                                        + Provided strategic advice across a range of corporate and structural transactions in the business to
                                           position opportunities for future years.




                                                                                                                                                       81
                                                                                             Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 4.1.6      Assessment of non-financial measures (including sustainability)

                 STI and LTI award assessments are undertaken with reflection on behaviour, governance, social, sustainability goals and targets,
                 including specific testing criteria for LTI. The Group has made significant contributions and efforts in a wide range of areas.

                 Sustainability
                 Please see the Sustainability report section of the Directors’ report and also the Goodman website for detailed information regarding our
                 sustainability strategy, objectives and performance.

                 In FY22, all LTI awards made to the executive KMP were under the ten-year plan. This was the first year that the ten-year plan was
                 implemented, and it was also the first year that targets related to sustainability were included in the LTI awards. The targets were formally
                 set prior to the awards being made and the testing for these performance rights will occur at 30 June 2025. Accordingly at 30 June 2024
                 there was no LTI testing in respect of awards made to executive KMP but the form of the annual sustainability assessment is expected to
                 align with that reported below, subject to relevant and appropriate changes over time that may be determined by the Board.




For personal use only
                 The sustainability assessment at 30 June 2024 is, however, relevant for the testing for the LTI awards made in FY22 to the majority of the
                 Group’s employees under the five-year plan. The Board assesses the individual targets set out in the table below, and the outcomes as a
                 whole, and has determined that there was no material underperformance against the sustainability targets, as they relate to the FY22
                 five-year LTI awards.

                 Sustainability assessment: LTI targets relating to the FY22 five-year plan
                 Area                   Long-term target                           Progress
                 Renewable energy       100% renewable electricity use within      Goodman's global renewable energy usage for FY24 is expected to
                                        Goodman’s operations by 2025               remain above 80%, with continued use of certified GreenPower
                                        (including use of renewable energy         electricity in our Australian operations and use of renewable energy
                                        certificates and other market-based        certificates in other regions.
                                        mechanisms, subject to government
                                        regulation in each jurisdiction)
                 Solar PV installation1 400 MW of solar PV installed or            Approximately 24 MW of new solar installations or commitments
                                        committed by 2025                          taking global total to approximately 330 MW
                 Carbon neutral  2      Carbon neutral operations by 2025          Carbon neutral certification in FY24 is on track, with submission for
                                                                                   certification to Climate Active due later this year. This follows our
                                                                                   annual carbon neutral certification, first achieved in 2021.
                 TCFD                   Achieve TCFD by FY22                       TCFD statement updated and available online.
                 Occupancy              >95% (ensures utilisation of sites and     97.7% at 30 June 2024
                                        therefore appropriate use of resources)
                 1.      Includes both onsite and offsite solar, subject to local regulations and grid connection.
                 2.      The Climate Active program is undergoing a review which might impact our continued use of the standard.

                 In addition to those sustainability targets relevant for the FY22 LTI awards, there exist other sustainability targets and non-financial
                 measures that the Board assesses annually in considering proposed STI and LTI awards. Progress at 30 June 2024 against these targets
                 is set out on the following page.




                                                                                                                                                            82
                                                                                             Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 Progress on other sustainability targets
                 Area                   Long-term target                                            Progress
                 Embodied carbon        Measuring, reducing and where                               Embodied carbon emissions are calculated and included in all
                                        appropriate offsetting embodied carbon                      development approval papers prior to management committee
                                        emissions from our global development                       approval. Carbon reduction initiatives are longer-term and ongoing,
                                        workbook                                                    demonstrated by our industry and supplier engagement,
                                                                                                    collaborations and carbon assessments of materials. Several
                                                                                                    buildings to date have been developed on an embodied carbon
                                                                                                    neutral basis as offsets have been purchased and retired.
                 Emissions reduction            In addition to our continued                        Scope 1 and 2 emissions are calculated and disclosed annually on
                 targets                        commitments to renewable energy and                 the Goodman website. FY24 emissions data calculation is in
                                                carbon neutrality, the Group has                    progress and will be published when finalised. For reference, our
                                                committed to Scope 1 and 2 GHG                      FY23 Scope 1 and 2 emissions (market-based) are ahead of our
                                                emissions reductions of 42% by 2030                 2030 target.
                                                (relative to an FY21 baseline) in line with




For personal use only
                                                1.5°C Paris Agreement pathway
                 1.     Acquisitions of new properties are excluded until existing energy agreements and procurement opportunities are reviewed.
                 2.     Based on a boundary of operational control and using a reputable industry standard.
                 3.     Offsetting is voluntary and in accordance with specific selection criteria.

                 The Board has assessed that the Group, including the executive KMP, has met these other sustainability targets for FY24. See also
                 section 4.3.4 for further information on the solar PV installation target.

                 Other non-financial measures
                 In addition, the following ongoing non-financial measures are assessed when determining STI and future LTI awards:
                 Code of conduct, behaviour, social and governance
                 Area                       Long-term target                         Progress
                 Diversity
                 Gender ratio in the            40:40:20 gender target                              Female representation stable with total employees 43% female,
                 workforce                                                                          57% male overall. Continued progress has been made on career
                                                                                                    development (job scope widening, internal promotions etc.) and
                                                                                                    recruitment of females.
                 Women in senior roles More than 40% in senior roles by 2030                        Women represent 30% of senior positions. Strong focus and
                                                                                                    progress on female career development and recruitment of
                                                                                                    females into new roles should over time evolve into senior roles as
                                                                                                    positions turnover
                 Governance
                 Workplace safety               Safe working environment with                       There was unfortunately one fatality on a Goodman stabilised
                                                demonstrable risk controls, contractor              property in FY24. The fatality related to a landscaping contractor in
                                                management and monitoring of key                    China who fell into an historical and undocumented covered pit.
                                                safety metrics.                                     This was determined by relevant authorities to be an unforeseeable
                                                Zero fatality target                                accident for which no fault could reasonably be attributed. The
                                                                                                    Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee and the Board made a
                                                                                                    similar finding, on the basis there could have been no safety
                                                                                                    measures which would have prevented the incident.

                 Significant                    Zero                                                No issues have occurred.
                 reputational issues
                 arising from illegal
                 conduct
                 Social
                 Social/charitable              $100.0 million cumulative investment by $13.5 million was contributed to community and philanthropic
                 donations                      Goodman Foundation from 2019 to 2030 causes during FY24, taking our total investment to $55.9 million
                                                                                        since 1 July 2019.

                 The Board has assessed that the Group, including the executive KMP, has met these non-financial measures for FY24.



                                                                                                                                                                            83
                                                                              Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 4.2           Remuneration outcomes

                4.2.1          STI outcomes in relation to FY24

                 The Board has again agreed with the Group CEO that he will not participate in the STI award. In line with the continued focus on sustained
                 long-term performance, all his performance-based remuneration for FY24 will be awarded in the form of performance rights.

                 The STI recommendations for the other executive KMP are based on the Board’s assessment of the Group’s and the respective
                 individual's performance. For FY24, the Board has determined that the other executive KMP were eligible for the maximum STI.

                 Executive KMP STI assessment
                  Test                                                        Metrics                                    Result

                        Gate 1: Behaviour                                     Code of Conduct: Pass/Fail                 Pass




For personal use only
                        Gate 2: Operating EPS - FY24 operating EPS versus     Operating EPS growth: Target 9%            Pass (14.0% operating EPS
                        target                                                (102.8 cents)                              growth – 107.5 cents)
                        Financial and operational assessments (including
                                                                              Group and individual assessment            100%
                        sustainability objectives)

                 The table below indicates the maximum possible STI and the actual STI awarded for FY24.

                                                                                  Actual STI             Cash              Deferred
                                                            STI maximum            awarded           component           component            Actual STI
                        Executive             Year                    $M                  $M               $M                   $M        % of maximum
                        Gregory Goodman       FY24                     2.1                  -                 -                    -                   -
                                              FY23                     2.1                  -                 -                    -                   -
                        Nick Kurtis           FY24                   1.35                1.35             0.68                 0.68                  100
                                              FY23                   1.35              0.90               0.45                 0.45                   67
                        Nick Vrondas          FY24                   1.05               1.00              0.50                 0.50                   95
                                              FY23                   1.05               0.81               0.41                 0.41                  77
                                                                       €M                €M                  €M                   €M
                        Danny Peeters         FY24                    0.97               0.64               0.32                  0.32                 66
                                              FY23                    0.97               0.63               0.32                  0.32                 65
                                                                    US$M                US$M               US$M                 US$M
                        Anthony Rozic         FY24                   1.425               1.00               0.50                  0.50                 70
                                              FY23                   1.425               0.95               0.48                  0.48                 67

                4.2.2     LTI outcomes
                In this section the Board primarily focuses on the value of the executive KMP vested remuneration in FY24, and the Securityholder value
                that has been generated over the vesting period. However, details have also been provided in respect of:

                 + Awards made in FY22 under the five-year plan where the hurdles have been tested at 30 June 2024 (none of these relate to the
                   executive KMP)
                 + New awards made in FY24 that were based on the executive KMP performance in FY23 and discussed in last year’s remuneration
                   report.

                 The considerations in respect of the intended awards to be made in FY25 that are based on the Board’s assessment of executive KMP
                 performance in FY24 are detailed in section 4.3.




                                                                                                                                                         84
                                                                                              Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 4.2.2.1      LTI awards made in FY22 where the hurdles have been tested at 30 June 2024

                 In FY22, all executive KMP LTIP awards were made under the ten-year plan. FY22 was the first year that the ten-year plan was
                 implemented and the testing for these performance rights will occur at 30 June 2025. Accordingly at 30 June 2024, there was no LTI
                 testing in respect of awards made to executive KMP.

                 However, testing as at 30 June 2024 was completed for the grants of performance rights made in FY22 to other employees under the
                 five-year plan. The awards had two hurdles: operating EPS and a relative TSR and performance rights that achieved the hurdles will vest
                 in three equal tranches in September 2024, September 2025 and September 2026.

                 Operating EPS hurdle (75% weighting)
                 Operating EPS for the year ended 30 June 2024 was 107.5 cents, compared to a threshold (minimum) hurdle of 78.1 cents and an upper
                 level (maximum) hurdle of 87.3 cents. At the threshold level, 25% of the operating EPS performance rights satisfy the hurdle with a sliding
                 scale up to 100% satisfying the hurdle at the upper level.




For personal use only
                      FY22 LTIP grant (five-year                      Threshold
                                                                                              Upper level                    Actual                 Outperformance          Outcome
                      plan)                                                  level
                      Operating EPS hurdle1                            78.1 cents          87.3 cents                  107.5 cents                       20.2 cents            100%
                                                                                     Maximum Penalty                                               Actual outcome           Outcome
                      Sustainability targets                                                                                                 At or ahead of target –
                                                                                                       20%                                                                 No penalty
                                                                                                                                                  refer section 4.1.6
                 1.      Testing period for operating EPS from 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2024, in accordance with the LTIP terms for the FY22 grant.

                 Relative TSR hurdle (25% weighting)
                 Goodman posted a three-TSR of 71.7% at 30 June 2024, which relative to the S&P/ASX 100 peer groups ranked Goodman in the 93rd
                 percentile. Zero vesting occurs up to and including the 50th percentile; at the 51st percentile, 25% of the TSR performance rights satisfy
                 the hurdle with a sliding scale up to 100% at the 90th percentile.

                      Y22 LTIP grant (five-year plan)                             Goodman TSR1                                 Percentile                                   Outcome
                      Three-year relative TSR hurdle         1
                                                                                         71.7%                                      93rd                                       100%
                 1.      Testing period for grant was 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2024. In accordance with the LTIP, the TSR is based on the ten-day volume weighted average price (VWAP) at
                         beginning and end of testing period and is therefore different from the three-year TSR sourced from Bloomberg and presented elsewhere in this report.

                 As a result of satisfying 100% of the operating EPS hurdle and 100% of the relative TSR hurdle, it is expected that up to a total of 7,186,701
                 equity settled performance rights will vest in September 2024, September 2025 and September 2026. In addition, up to a total of
                 3,688,310 cash settled performance rights are also expected to vest, and the Group currently intends to issue an equivalent number of
                 new securities to satisfy this obligation.

                 4.2.2.2 LTI awards tested in previous years that vested during FY24
                 Performance rights which vested in FY24 as a result of prior year testing are detailed in section 6.2. The value of this vested remuneration
                 is calculated using the closing price on the day the performance rights vested. This is often used as a measure of executive KMP
                 remuneration. In respect of the Group CEO, 1,100,001 performance rights vested on 1 September 2023 at a closing price of $23.03 per
                 security, amounting to $25.3 million.




                                                                                                                                                                                          85
                                                                                Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 4.2.2.3   LTI awards made in FY24

                 The LTI awards made to the executive KMP during FY24 are set out in section 6.2. The awards to the Group CEO and the other
                 executive directors were approved at the Group’s AGM held on 14 November 2023. The Board’s considerations in determining the
                 quantum and the hurdles for these awards were detailed in last year’s remuneration report.

                 The awards made in FY24 will be tested at 30 June 2027 and, if hurdles are achieved, will vest over the period from 1 September 2027 to
                 1 September 2033. The awards are subject to meeting conduct and behaviour standards, with 75% of the awards tested against an
                 operating EPS hurdle and 25% against a relative TSR hurdle. The vesting of the operating EPS tranches is also subject to meeting
                 sustainability objectives.

                 From an FY23 base year, the operating EPS hurdles are:
                 + Threshold level (25% vesting) – 119.1 cents per security for the year ending 30 June 2027, reflecting a 6.0% CAGR in operating EPS
                     over the period from 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2027
                 + Upper level (100% vesting) – 143.2 cents per security for the year ending 30 June 2027, reflecting 11.0% CAGR in operating EPS over




For personal use only
                     the period from 1 July 2023 to 30 June 2027.

                 The relative TSR hurdle is tested against the S&P/ASX 100 peer group over the four-year period to 30 June 2027. Zero vesting occurs
                 up to and including the 50th percentile; at the 51st percentile, 25% of the TSR performance rights satisfy the hurdle with a sliding scale up
                 to 100% at the 90th percentile.

                4.2.3      Group performance and the Group CEO’s historic remuneration

                 The following chart illustrates the profit alignment of the Group’s performance and the Group CEO’s vested remuneration outcomes in
                 FY24 and prior years. While Group CEO vested remuneration has increased over time, over the past five years, it has almost halved as a
                 proportion of the Group’s Operating profit. This is largely a function of the implementation of the ten-year plan, with longer testing and
                 vesting period, aligning the Group CEO with Securityholders over a longer period.




                                                                                                                                                            86
                                                                                                       Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 The table below includes the base salary received by the Group CEO in the respective year plus the value of performance rights which
                 vested during that year using the closing security price on the day the performance rights vested. The table also includes the value of the
                 performance rights that vested during FY24 using the closing security price at the grant date.

                 The table highlights:
                 + No change in fixed remuneration and no STI (as agreed by the Board and the Group CEO)
                 + The value of the Group CEO vested remuneration in FY24 is the same as it was in FY20, but operating profit has doubled over that
                     period
                 + The growth in the value of LTI due to the increase in security price from the grant dates to the vesting dates, illustrates the alignment
                     of the Group CEO’s remuneration outcome with Securityholders’ performance.

                                                                                                                            FY20              FY21            FY22             FY23            FY24
                                                                                                                               $M               $M               $M              $M               $M
                        Base salary                                                                                             1.4              1.4              1.4              1.4             1.4




For personal use only
                        STI                                                                                                       –                –               –                –                –
                        Value of LTI on grant date1                                                                            11.6            14.4             15.9             14.3             14.9

                        Value of LTI on vesting date                                                                          25.4             35.6            42.9             26.0             25.3

                        Total remuneration based on LTI value at grant date1                                                   13.0            15.8             17.3             15.7             16.3

                        Total vested remuneration based on LTI value at vesting date                                          26.8             37.0            44.3             27.4             26.7

                        Increase in LTI value due to security price performance of the Group                                   13.8             21.2           26.9               11.7           10.4
                        Percentage growth in value of LTI during vesting period                                               119%            147%            169%              82%              70%

                 1.           Value based on the security prices at the grant dates for the performance rights that vested in the financial year. This is so as to allow comparison of the security price
                              outperformance over the period between grant and vesting dates.

                 4.3               Considerations for setting FY25 LTI awards
                 4.3.1           Goodman in context
                 The Board assesses the Group CEO and other executive KMP performance during FY24 in its determination of the LTI awards that are
                 proposed to be made in FY25 (subject to a vote at the AGM in respect of those awards for the executive Directors). However, these
                 awards do not yet form part of the statutory remuneration disclosures in section 6, nor do they appear in other measures of executive
                 KMP remuneration. The FY25 awards will be tested at 30 June 2028 and, if hurdles are achieved, will vest over the period from 1
                 September 2028 to 1 September 2034.
                 Nevertheless, given the potential impact on future remuneration, we have disclosed the factors considered by the Board in determining
                 the quantum of the LTI awards for the executive KMP. The considerations by the Board include:
                 + Feedback from investor engagement
                 + Maintaining the structure and principles of the Group’s remuneration strategy
                 + The Group’s relative performance against operational targets in FY24 and positioning to achieve future strategic objectives
                 + The Group’s consistent track record over the past ten years that has also positioned the business for the future
                 + Global market conditions for human capital in those sectors in which we operate, particularly the data centre sector
                 + Balancing employee and Securityholder outcomes
                 + Hurdles and testing criteria for performance rights under the LTIP, are set so as to be very challenging.

                 The Board and the Remuneration and Nomination Committee have considered the Group’s global operations, including its Partnerships,
                 when assessing the executive KMP roles and remuneration awards.




                                                                                                                                                                                                      87
                                                                                  Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 4.3.2 Peer group analysis

                 Goodman has evolved into a specialist provider of essential infrastructure, developing significant expertise in planning, design and
                 delivery of large-scale projects globally. The scale of this opportunity is significant both globally and across a wide range of infrastructure
                 like projects including powered sites for data centre use, residential, and consumer goods delivery and potentially others over time. This
                 can also take many years, embedding significant value in the sites prior to realisation. Planning and procurement are increasingly
                 complex and capital intensive, and we are resourcing appropriately.

                 The Group has limited direct comparable market peers in Australia, having operating businesses in five continents and 13 countries, each
                 with market driven remuneration outcomes. The Group has 976 employees at 30 June 2024, the majority of whom are offshore. The
                 Group’s global operations are significant, accounting for 64% or earnings, and with approximately 65% of our people based offshore.
                 Consequently, Goodman competes for labour in an international marketplace and requiring globally competitive remuneration practices
                 and levels. As with prior years, the Board has referenced several data points in assessing its proposed FY25 awards:
                 + The S&P/ASX 20
                 + A range of relevant Australian listed comparators with significant global operations (>$1.0 billion revenue)




For personal use only
                 + A range of local and global listed companies with operations of similar scale and complexity including alternative asset companies
                      such as data centre and infrastructure developers and managers, real estate companies, REIT’s, fund managers and operators.
                 + Private equity (PE) firms have also been considered. Noting that PE firms are significant players in the infrastructure, data centre and
                      logistics real estate sector sectors, with considerable new capital and a desire to assemble teams and invest in the sector. PE
                      remuneration structures are particularly relevant because:
                      - They are typically competitors
                      - the nature of pay for performance remuneration structures is highly equity-based and outcome-driven similar to the Group’s
                           remuneration structure
                      - the period of testing and realisation of remuneration is linked to investor outcomes over significant periods of up to ten years,
                           again a similar remuneration structure. The majority of the Group’s assets are within PE (unlisted) market entities, which in turn
                           creates significant competition for high performing people.

                 While Goodman is an S&P/ASX REIT under the Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS), the ASX listed REITs:
                 + Are significantly smaller (on average <20% of Goodman’s market capitalisation)
                 + Typically, have less than 20% active earnings compared to 78% for Goodman
                 + Typically, only operate in Australia, whereas Goodman has significant global operations.

                 Various Reference Groups
                                                                               Annual CEO remuneration
                                                                                                                                  LTI       1-       3-       5-
                Peer group                                                                                                 %
                                             Reason for comparison                  Range      Average      Median              Term      year     year     year
                comparator                                                                                                LTI
                                                                                                                                years     TSR      TSR      TSR
                Goodman                      Goodman Group CEO                        n/a     $23.3m1                   94%1      10       75%      71%     149%
                                             Goodman is the 9 largest
                                                                th
                                                                                $1m - $29m         $11m       $9m       39%         4      18%      35%      78%
                S&P/ASX 20                   company in the S&P/ASX 20
                                             index
                                             Goodman has complex global        $6m - $29m         $15m        $13m      48%         4       6%      13%      67%
                Selected ASX listed
                                             operations across a number
                companies with
                                             of alternative asset classes in
                global operations
                                             14 countries with 78% of
                and >$1bn EBIT
                                             earnings from active sources
                                             71% of Goodman’s earnings         $5m - $75m         $39m       $10m       85%         3       4%       4%     49%
                                             are outside Australia. The
                International Peer           comparator group provides a
                Group                        reference to local companies
                                             with international operations
                                             and similar global companies
                 1.     Based on proposed FY25 award and 100% vesting




                                                                                                                                                              88
                                                                               Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 It is noted by the Board that the structure of Goodman’s remuneration results in:
                 + Significantly larger exposure to at risk remuneration (for example 94% of the Group CEO’s remuneration is at risk compared to 39%
                        for CEOs of other entities in the S&P/ASX 20)
                 + Significantly longer period at risk (ten years compared to the average for the comparators of four and a half years).

                 In the Board’s view, the highly competitive environment for specialist skills data centre assets from investors and power from customers
                 and logistics assets generally, is translating to competition for teams with skills to develop and manage the products and services over
                 the long term. Goodman is seen as a global leader in this space and the potential loss of key employees and regional teams poses
                 significant commercial risk. The Board has also assessed the FY25 awards in this context.

                 4.3.3    LTIP hurdles

                 In respect of the executive KMP, the hurdles for the FY25 intended LTI awards are set out below:

                 Vesting conditions for FY25 ten-year plan grants




For personal use only
                   Operating EPS tested (75% of grant)                                    Relative TSR tested (25% of grant)
                   Financial                                                              Vesting of the TSR awards is subject to achievement of cumulative
                   From an FY24 base year, the Board has set operating EPS hurdles        TSR relative to the S&P/ASX 100 entities over a four-year period:
                   as below:                                                              + 25% of awards vest for performance at the 51st percentile.
                   + Threshold level (25.0% vesting) – 135.7 cents reflecting 6.0%        + Awards vest on a sliding scale between 25% and 100% for
                        per annum over 4 years or 26% cumulative growth                       performance between the 51st and the 90th percentile.
                   + Target Level (62.5% vesting) – 149.0 cents reflecting ~8.5% per      + 100% of awards vest for performance at the 90th percentile
                        annum over 4 years or 39% cumulative growth                           or above.
                   + Upper Level (100.0% vesting) – 163.2 cents reflecting 11.0% per
                        annum over 4 years or 52% cumulative growth
                   Non-financial
                   A penalty may apply to the number of performance rights that have
                   satisfied the operating EPS hurdle if sustainability targets are not
                   met. These are reviewed by the Board annually and at the end of the
                   testing period with 20% maximum reduction in the number of rights
                   vesting under the operating EPS tranches, in the event of material
                   underperformance against targets.

                 The Board considers the 6.0% to 11.0% CAGR in operating EPS range, (26% to 52% over four years), to be a challenging hurdle range for
                 executives in the current environment. The hurdles are both competitive against numerous comparator groups (below) and challenging
                 relative to Board targets, particularly considering the Groups long-term focus and risk metrics employed.

                 The Board’s operating EPS growth targets for executive KMP and the senior executives have remained challenging particularly in the
                 continued the difficult economic and financial market conditions. In setting the operating EPS hurdles, the Board takes the following into
                 account :
                 Threshold level hurdle
                 + Performance at the Threshold level hurdle is required for performance rights’ vesting to start and this hurdle has been set such that
                     it requires performance materially in excess of relevant peer groups (S&P/ASX 20, S&P/ASX 100 S&P/ASX 200 REIT). The Board
                     considers performance at Threshold level would be very good relative to the market and with respect to the required operational
                     outcomes but despite this, only 25% vesting would occur, and remuneration outcomes would be well below the median
                     remuneration outcomes for relevant peer groups.
                 Target level hurdle
                 + Performance at Target level would be in line with aspirations determined by the Board in setting the Group’s annual business
                     strategy and the Board considers performance at Target level would be a very strong outcome, requiring an increase in activity
                     levels and no material adverse change in market conditions. This level of performance must also be achieved in a sustainable
                     manner, maintaining appropriate risk management in the context of the global economic and political environment. However, even if
                     operating EPS at the Target level were to be achieved only 62.5% of the performance rights would vest.
                 Upper level hurdle
                 + Performance at the Upper level hurdle would require outcomes significantly ahead of internal targets and broader market
                     performance and is considered by the Board to be an outstanding outcome, incorporating a large stretch component.



                                                                                                                                                         89
                                                                                             Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 The long-term nature of the Group’s strategy (and a reflection of the ten-year plan) means a large component of the work undertaken,
                 particularly in the data centre space, will generate earnings opportunities beyond the testing period. This is a critical component of
                 generating sustainable earnings growth over time. The priority is not to maximise short-term earnings at the expense of long-term
                 sustainable EPS growth or by introducing additional risk.

                 To achieve full vesting requires an increase of almost $1.2 billion in operating profit from FY25 to FY28.

                 The table below illustrates the competitive nature of the hurdles compared with various comparator groups and Goodman’s own Board
                 targets.
                                                        Ten-year plan                   Estimated
                                                       operating EPS 1           CAGR in operating           Growth in operating EPS    LTI vesting based on
                                                              hurdles                         EPS             FY25 to FY28 based on      estimated CAGR in
                 Comparator Group                             (cents)                FY25 – FY28                    estimated CAGR            operating EPS
                 S&P/ASX 202                                                                 4.8%                              20.8%                   0.0%




For personal use only
                 S&P/ASX 1002                                                                       6.7%                      29.6%                     36.2%
                 S&P/ASX 100 REITs        2                                                         4.6%                       19.9%                     0.0%
                 GMG broker consensus         3                                                     11.0%                      51.8%                   100.0%
                 Threshold level                                    135.7                           6.0%                      26.2%                     25.0%
                 Target Level                                       149.0                           8.5%                      38.6%                     62.5%
                 Upper level                                        163.2                           11.0%                      51.8%                   100.0%

                 1.     Proposed operating EPS hurdles for Goodman under the ten-year plan
                 2.     Operating EPS sourced from broker estimates
                 3.     Broker reports sourced from Visible Alpha

                 For the intended LTI awards under the five-year plan, which will be made to all permanent employees who do not receive awards under
                 the ten-year plan, the vesting criteria are the same as under the ten-year plan but the hurdles will be tested after three years rather than
                 four. This means that the operating EPS hurdles to be tested at 30 June 2027 off the FY24 base are as follows:
                 + Threshold level (25.0% vesting) – 128.0 cents reflecting 6.0% per annum over three years or 19.1% cumulative growth,
                 + Target Level (62.5% vesting) – 137.3 cents reflecting 8.5% per annum over three years or 27.7% cumulative growth
                 + Upper Level (100.0% vesting) – 147.0 cents reflecting 11.0% per annum over three years or 36.7% cumulative growth

                 4.3.4 LTIP sustainability targets for FY25 awards

                 The areas of sustainability assessment relating to testing for the proposed FY25 awards (five and ten-year plans) are set out below. The
                 measures will be reviewed annually for relevant progress. Assessment of these targets, on an overall basis, will occur at 30 June 2027 for
                 the five-year plan and 30 June 2028 for the ten-year plan.

                 A penalty can apply to the number of performance rights that have satisfied the operating EPS hurdle, with a 20% maximum reduction if
                 the Board deems that on an overall basis there has been a material underperformance against the sustainability targets.




                                                                                                                                                                90
                                                                                                Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 Sustainability assessment: LTI targets relating to proposed FY25 awards

                 Area                                      Long-term target
                 Carbon emissions from                     Calculate and offset carbon emissions from Goodman’s direct global operations, excluding customer
                 operations1                               emissions and embodied emissions.
                 Emissions reduction targets               In addition to our continued commitments to renewable energy and carbon emissions from operations,
                                                           the Group has committed to Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions reductions of 42% by 2030 (relative to an
                                                           FY21 baseline) in line with 1.5°C Paris Agreement pathway.
                 Renewable energy 2                        Target 100% renewable electricity use (including use of renewable energy certificates and other
                                                           market-based mechanisms) within Goodman’s direct operations based on current business and
                                                           strategy and subject to availability and government regulation.
                 Embodied carbon                           Measuring and including embodied carbon in new development approvals by the GIC. Where possible
                                                           reducing and where appropriate, offsetting those emissions.
                 TCFD                                       Maintain public climate risk disclosures updated annually.
                 Occupancy                                 >95% to demonstrate utilisation of sites and therefore appropriate use of resources.




For personal use only
                 1.     Based on a boundary of operational control and using a reputable industry standard. Offsetting is voluntary and in accordance with specific selection criteria.
                 2.     Acquisitions of new properties are excluded until existing energy agreements and procurement opportunities are reviewed.


                 Solar PV installation targets
                 The Board historically set a solar PV installation target for the period from 2019 to 2025 of 400 MW and then a target for a further 100
                 MW for the period from 2025 to 2030. These targets were included as part of the overall sustainability assessments for previous LTI
                 awards.

                 The targets related to the installation (and commitment to installation) of solar PV on our roof space and were based on three key factors:
                 1. Estimated roof area available in the stabilised portfolio
                 2. Estimated roof area to be created as part of the development program
                 3. Target installation rate (kW/sqm of roof area).

                 For the stabilised portfolio, in the period post setting the targets, the detailed roof audit and stabilised asset assessment yielded a
                 significant decrease in available roof area for solar PV installations. This was primarily due to assets being removed from the pool as they
                 were divested or planned to be divested, held for redevelopment or they did not pass the structural building audit required to support
                 installation.

                 In addition, the evolution of the Group’s business strategy over the past few years has seen increasing intensity of use of sites. As a result,
                 the Group has (i) developed less available warehouse roof area (in part due to a higher proportion of multi-storey projects that have less
                 roof area per sqm of floor area compared to single level warehouses), and (ii) undertaken a higher proportion of data centre development
                 (data centres have no space available for solar PV installation). We expect to see an increasing proportion of our development WIP in
                 data centre development over time.

                 These strategic outcomes are aligned with our higher return on capital (ROC) objective through more intensive development and
                 alternative use, underpinning the financial performance of the Group.




                                                                                                                                                                                          91
                                                                                Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 2025 solar PV installation target
                 The combined impact of the strategic evolution described above, has been a 50% decline in roof area available for solar PV installation
                 compared to initial estimates. However, the installation rate (kW/sqm) is almost 80% higher than initially estimated, resulting in
                 significantly more solar capacity on the available roof space.

                 Despite the abovementioned factors the Group has reached 330 MW of the 400 MW target at 30 June 2024 and is likely to achieve
                 installation in a range of 350 MW to 370 MW by the end of 2025.

                 2030 solar PV installation target
                 It is not possible to accurately predict the available roof space in our property portfolio for solar PV installations given the factors
                 described above and particularly in view of our greater focus on data centres in our development activities. As a result, the Board has
                 deemed it no longer appropriate to set a specific MW target for solar installation and hence this 2030 target will not be applied to the
                 sustainability targets for future awards under the LTIP. However, the Board remains focused on the installation of solar capacity as a
                 component of our sustainability strategy, and will continue to report this.




For personal use only
                 4.3.5 Cost of the plan and alignment with Securityholder outcomes
                 The Board has assessed potential outcomes for Securityholders, based on the testing criteria under the LTIP and that these will deliver
                 strong pay for performance alignment with all Goodman employees. Based on the proposed hurdles, the Board believes that significant
                 balance exists between the cost of the plan and outcomes for Securityholders.
                 +      Before any performance awards are realised under the ten-year plan hurdles, significant Securityholder value that equates to $20
                        billion in market capitalisation growth, must be created, consistent with approximately 31% TSR over the testing period (assumptions
                        set out in the table below)
                 +      The maximum employee share of the value created will occur if the awards fully vest. Based on the hurdles, the performance
                        required to achieve this represents >$38 billion of value created for Securityholders (net of dilution of the plan) or 52% potential
                        security price growth based on current price to earnings ratios (assumptions set out in the table below).
                 +      If growth were to exceed 11% per annum and the security price grows beyond the assumption above, the employee share diminishes
                        relative to value created for Securityholders.




                                                                                                                                                            92
                                                                                                  Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 Estimated Securityholder value over the four-year testing period under the LTIP

                                                                                                     Outcomes relating to various LTIP hurdle rates
                                                                                       Less than 6.0%               6.0%                 8.5%       11.0% (or more)
                        Economic outcomes
                        Cumulative EPS growth                                                     <26.2%                        26.2%                       38.6%                      51.8%
                        Percentage of performance rights vesting1                                 <25.0%                       25.0%                        62.5%                   100.0%
                        Cumulative NPAT Growth (including LTIP                                    <30.6%                       30.6%                        43.2%                      57%
                        Dilution)2
                        Equivalent Year 4 operating profit (million)                             <$2,676                       $2,676                       $2,936                    $3,213
                        Market capitalisation (MCAP) at 30 June
                                                                                                $65,997
                        2024 (billion)
                        Net value created for Securityholders                                 <$20,346                      $20,346                        $28,784                 $37,827
                        (growth in MCAP)2 (million)




For personal use only
                        Assumed security price3                                                  <$43.87                       $43.87                       $48.16                   $52.75
                        Effective cost of total plan / MCAP                                          0.0%                        0.2%                        0.4%                      0.6%
                        Employee share of Securityholder value                                       0.0%                        0.7%                         1.3%                      1.6%
                        created4
                 1.        Assumes that the proportion of rights that vest under the operating EPS hurdle also applies to the rights that vest under the relative TSR hurdle.
                 2.        Based on 30 June 2024 security price, assuming the market Price/Earnings (P/E) multiple applied to operating EPS remains unchanged over time and is inclusive of
                           an allowance for increases in the securities on issue because of securities vesting under the LTIP. Excludes distributions and dividend payments that may be made
                           during the period.
                 3.        Assumes constant P/E multiple at the end of year four and uses the relevant CAGR in operating EPS growth.
                 4.        Values the number of vested securities at an assumed security price which is calculated using the 30 June 2024 security price and growing it at the same rate as the
                           operating EPS growth. This includes full dilution for securities under the five-year and ten-year plans.

                 4.3.6 Proposed Group CEO award

                 The Board’s proposed award for the Group CEO is detailed below:

                                                                                                                                                                 Fixed
                                                                                                                                                              pay and        Fixed pay
                                                                 Face value                                                                                        LTI         and LTI
                                                                        per                                LTI at         LTI at             LTI at            (25.0%           (100%
                                               Number of           security1         Fixed Pay         Threshold2        Target2        Upper level2          vesting)         vesting)
                        Group CEO                 rights                  $                $M                $M              $M                 $M                 $M               $M
                        FY24                    630,000             $34.75                  1.4               5.5           13.7                21.9               6.9            23.3
                        FY23                     900,000              $20.07                   1.4               4.5           11.3                 18.1               5.9          19.5
                        Variance                     (30%)                73%                 0%                21%           21%                  21%                 16%         20%

                 1.        Face value per security is the closing Goodman security price as at 30 June 2024 for FY24 and as at 30 June 2023 for FY23.
                 2.        Threshold would result in 25.0% LTI vesting, Target would result in 62.5% LTI vesting and Upper level would result in 100.0% LTI vesting.




                                                                                                                                                                                             93
                                                                                          Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 Group CEO - maximum possible outcome for the proposed award
                 The Group CEO base pay will remain unchanged for FY25. In respect of LTI, which is subject to Securityholder approval at the AGM, the
                 Board notes that the quantum of the proposed performance rights for the Group CEO has been reduced by 30% compared to the prior
                 year to compensate for the increased face value of the new performance rights as a result of the 73% increase in the security price in
                 FY24. Furthermore, the operating EPS annual growth targets (6.0% to 11.0% over a four-year testing period) have remained the same as
                 the prior year, despite the substantially higher base because of the outperformance posted by Goodman in FY24.

                 Based on the face value of the rights at 30 June 2024, the maximum value of remuneration assuming the upper level of performance
                 (100% vesting) would be $23.3 million. At the target level (62.5% vesting) this would reduce to $15.1 million and at the threshold level
                 (25.0% vesting) this would be $6.9 million. In all scenarios, any LTI would only be received by the Group CEO over a ten-year period, in
                 accordance with the terms of the 10-year plan.

                                                                                                                                Total             Out-
                                                                                             Fixed                 Total       return     performance            Pay
                                                 CAGR       Vesting      Vesting       remuneration         remuneration     over four          versus    difference1




For personal use only
                                                 in EPS           %          $M                 $M                   $M         years     S&P/ASX 20              $M
                        S&P/ASX 20                 4.8%         n/a                             2.2                 10.5          21%              n/a            n/a
                        consensus
                        Goodman below              <6%           0%             0                   1.4                1.4       26%               5%             (9.1)
                        Threshold
                        Goodman                      6%         25%           5.5                   1.4               6.9        26%               5%             (3.6)
                        Threshold
                        Goodman Target             8.5%         63%           13.7                  1.4               15.1       39%               15%             4.6
                        Goodman Upper                11%       100%           21.9                  1.4              23.3        52%               27%             12.8
                        level
                 1.       Between Group CEO’s potential remuneration and S&P/ ASX 20 CEO’s potential remuneration

                 4.4           Proposed LTI grants for other executive KMP

                 The remuneration proposed by the Board in respect of the other executive KMP performance in FY24 comprises fixed remuneration, STI
                 awards and awards under the LTIP.

                 As with the Group CEO, the Board has determined to reduce the number of intended performance rights by 30%. The Board believes
                 these awards provide an appropriate balance between remuneration of these executive KMP and the performance and positioning of the
                 Group and therefore the interests of Securityholders.

                 The grants that the Board intends to make to the other executive KMP in FY25, in respect of their performance in FY24, noting that the
                 awards for Danny Peeters and Anthony Rozic are subject to Securityholder approval at the Group’s AGM, are detailed below:


                                                                                        Face value per         Face value at       Face value at      Face value at
                                                                  Performance            performance          Threshold level       Target level       Upper Level
                                                  Year of      rights proposed                    right        (25% vesting)     (62.5% vesting)    (100% vesting)
                        Executive                  grant               Number                        $                    $M                 $M                 $M
                        Danny Peeters              FY25                320,000                   34.75                    2.8                7.0                 11.1
                        Anthony Rozic              FY25                350,000                   34.75                    3.0                7.6               12.2
                        Nick Kurtis                FY25                410,000                   34.75                    3.6                8.9               14.2
                        Nick Vrondas               FY25                350,000                   34.75                    3.0                7.6               12.2

                 Based on the face value of the rights at 30 June 2024, the combined maximum value of other executive KMP LTI assuming the upper
                 level of performance (100% vesting) would be $49.7 million. At the target level (62.5% vesting) this would reduce to $31.1 million and at the
                 threshold level (25.0% vesting) this would be $12.4 million. In all scenarios, any LTI would only be received by the executive KMP over a
                 ten-year period, in accordance with the terms of the ten year plan.




                                                                                                                                                                    94
                                                                                    Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 5. NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR REMUNERATION

                 5.1       Key elements of the Non-Executive Director remuneration policy

                 +        The policy is structured to ensure independence of judgement in the performance of their duties.
                 +        Non-Executive Directors receive fixed fees for Board membership and additional fees for membership of committees.
                 +        The fees are set considering the size and scope of Goodman’s activities and the responsibilities and experience of the
                          Directors. Periodically, these fees are benchmarked against data for comparable entities provided by external advisers.
                 +        As approved by Securityholders at the 2022 AGM, total remuneration (including superannuation) payable by Goodman to all
                          Non-Executive Directors in aggregate must not exceed $4.0 million per annum. For FY24, total Non-Executive Directors’
                          remuneration was $2.9 million (2023: $2.8 million).
                 +        Non-Executive Directors are not entitled to participate in any STI or LTI schemes as they may be perceived to create a bias
                          when overseeing executive decision making.




For personal use only
                 +        To align the interests of the Board with Securityholders, the Board updated the Directors’ Security Holding Policy in April 2021.
                          The policy requires Non-Executive Directors to accumulate and hold Goodman securities with a value equivalent to their pre-
                          tax annual base fee within three years of appointment, or in the case of the Chairman the pre-tax Chairman’s fee within three
                          years of appointment as Chairman (subject to a transitional year following adoption of the new policy). For the purpose of this
                          policy, the value of each parcel acquired is the higher of the purchase price or market value at the end of the financial year.

                 5.2 Board and committee annual fees

                 The Board and Committee fees that applied for FY24 are set out below:

                                                                                            Audit, Risk and       Remuneration and          Sustainability and
                                                                                              Compliance               Nomination                  Innovation
                                                                            Board              Committee               Committee                  Committee
                                                                                $                         $                      $                           $
                        Chairman                                          625,000                    70,000                        n/a                  50,000
                        Member                                           240,000                    30,000                    30,000                    30,000

                 The remuneration of each of the Non-Executive Directors of GLHK was HK$680,000.




                                                                                                                                                              95
                                                                                                                 Goodman Group


            Directors’ report
            Remuneration report - audited (continued)

            6.          STATUTORY DISCLOSURES

             6.1 KMP remuneration (statutory analysis)

            Details of the nature and amount of each major element of the remuneration of each executive KMP, as calculated under Australian
            Accounting Standards, are set out below:

                                                                                                                                                                           Share-
                                                                                                                                                                           based                                Performance
                                                                                                                                        Long-term                       payments                                      related


                                                                                                                                                                            Performance rights
                                                                      Bonus (STI)2                                                         Bonus (STI)2
                                                 Salary and fees1
                                                                                        Other3,4                    Superannuation                             Other3
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 STI and LTI as % of

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         LTI as % of total
                                                                                                         Total                                                                                          Total



                                                                                                                          benefits
                                                                                                                                                                                        (LTI)5                                  total




For personal use only
          Executive
          KMP
                                                         $           $                      $              $                $                    $              $                         $               $              %                     %
          Gregory
                            FY24          1,447,548                     -                     -    1,447,548      27,399                            -      21,348       13,478,005               14,974,300      90.0                   90.0
          Goodman
                            FY23           1,417,919                    -                     -     1,417,919     25,292                            -     (77,351)       12,797,691               14,163,551      90.4                  90.4
          Nick Kurtis       FY24            822,616                     -                     -     822,616       27,399             1,350,000              13,731      6,995,474                9,209,220        90.6                  76.0
                            FY23           873,642                      -                     -     873,642       25,292              900,000              31,622        5,909,166                7,739,722       88.0                  76.3
          Nick
                            FY24            694,241                     -                     -     694,241       27,399             1,000,000            10,680         6,093,210               7,825,530        90.6                  77.9
          Vrondas
                            FY23             712,123                    -                     -      712,123      25,292              810,000             (18,978)        5,221,710               6,750,147       89.4                  77.4
                                                         €           €                      €              €                €                    €              €                         €               €
          Danny
                            FY24           677,508                      -                     -     677,508                  -        640,000                    -        3,741,371              5,058,879        86.6                  74.0
          Peeters6
                            FY23            670,751                     -                     -     670,571                  -        630,000                    -       3,318,233                4,618,984       85.5                  71.8
                                                US$                 US$                US$              US$           US$                 US$                US$                  US$                  US$
          Anthony
                            FY24           882,502                      -            30,507         913,009        17,965            1,000,000              6,273        4,419,967                6,357,214       85.3                  69.5
          Rozic7
                            FY23          1,047,619                     -            30,224        1,077,843       17,024             950,000             29,276         3,757,981                5,832,124       80.7                  64.4

            The footnotes for this table are set out on the following page.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   96
                                                                                             Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report – audited (continued)

                 Executive KMP are engaged under written employment contracts until notice is given by either Goodman or the executive KMP. Notice
                 periods are for six months except for Gregory Goodman and Danny Peeters for whom the period is 12 months. Danny Peeters provides
                 his services through a management company, DPCON Bvba.

                 Footnotes to the executive KMP remuneration table:

                 1.     Salary and fees represent the amounts due under the terms of executives’ service contracts and include movements in annual leave provisions.
                 2.     Executives’ bonus (STI) awards are paid in two instalments: 50% on finalisation of Goodman’s financial statements and 50% 12 months later. Under Australian
                        Accounting Standards, this means the entire bonus award is considered as a long-term benefit with regard to the disclosure of individual executive’s remuneration.
                        No bonuses were forfeited during the financial year.
                 3.     Other includes changes in long service leave provisions and in the prior year, car parking and reportable fringe benefits.
                 4.     The Board agreed certain tax equalisation payments with Anthony Rozic in connection with his employment arrangements in the United States and Australia to
                        ensure that he was no better or worse off. As a result, in FY20 Goodman made additional tax related payments of USD 150,005 in respect of the period prior to 1
                        January 2019. These amounts were on top of Anthony Rozic’s Australian tax obligations for which he remained exclusively responsible. The Board also advanced
                        under an interest free loan, double-tax amounts for which foreign income tax offsets from the Australian Taxation Office will be used to repay the advances.
                        At 1 July 2023, the advances made by Goodman amounted to USD 503,729 and as there have been no further advances or repayments during the year ended 30
                        June 2024, the balance at 30 June 2024 was also US$503,729. The amount of interest that would have been payable if charged on an arm’s length basis during the
                        year is USD 30,507 (2023: USD 30,224). The notional interest amount has been included in Anthony Rozic’s statutory remuneration (Other remuneration). No other




For personal use only
                        executive KMP received a loan from the Group during the current or prior financial years.
                 5.     Performance rights are an LTI and in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards: the values of the awards are determined using option pricing models and
                        amortised in the income statement over the vesting periods.
                 6.     The remuneration of Danny Peeters is disclosed in Euros, the currency in which his base remuneration and STI are determined. The value attributed to his
                        performance rights is translated from Australian dollars at the weighted average rate for the relevant financial year.
                 7.     The remuneration of Anthony Rozic is disclosed in US dollars, the currency in which his base remuneration and STI are determined. The value attributed to his
                        performance rights is translated from Australian dollars at the weighted average rate for the relevant financial year.




                                                                                                                                                                                        97
                                                                        Goodman Group


            Directors’ report
            Remuneration report - audited (continued)

            6.2 Movements in performance rights held by executive KMP

            The movements in the number of performance rights during FY24 are summarised as follows:

                                                         Held at the                                                       Held at the
                                                         start of the      Granted as                                       end of the
                                                                year     compensation             Vested      Forfeited          year
            Executive Directors
            Gregory Goodman                 FY24           4,619,334           900,000          (1,100,001)   (113,999)     4,305,334
                                            FY23           5,010,001          1,000,000        (1,354,667)    (36,000)      4,619,334
            Danny Peeters                   FY24            1,912,335          455,000          (406,802)     (45,599)       1,914,934
                                            FY23           1,905,001           500,000          (478,668)      (13,998)      1,912,335




For personal use only
           Anthony Rozic                    FY24           2,083,201           500,000          (438,935)     (47,998)     2,096,268
                                            FY23          2,070,000            550,000           (521,601)      (15,198)    2,083,201
            Other executive KMP
            Nick Kurtis                     FY24           2,383,201           585,000          (465,335)      (58,798)    2,444,068
                                            FY23          2,275,000            645,000           (521,601)      (15,198)    2,383,201
           Nick Vrondas                     FY24           2,103,201           500,000          (444,801)     (50,400)      2,108,000

                                            FY23          2,090,000            550,000           (521,601)      (15,198)     2,103,201




                                                                                                                                         98
                                                                                                                         Goodman Group


            Directors’ report
            Remuneration report - audited (continued)

            6.3 Analysis of performance rights held by executive KMP

            Details of the awards of performance rights under the LTIP granted by Goodman as compensation to the executive KMP are set out in the
            following tables:




                                                                                                                                                                                 Vested in the year %2
                                                                                                                                                      Vested in prior years %
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Forfeited %                                          Financial years in which
                                                                                                                                    Total value of
                                                                        Date performance                    Fair value per
                                         Number of performance                                                                                                                                                                  Value of performance
                                                                                               Year


                                                                                                                               performance rights

                                                                            rights granted
                                                                                                      performance right1 $
                                                 rights granted                                                                                                                                                                                                           grant vests4
                                                                                                                                       granted1 $

                                                                                                                                                                                                                           rights vested in the year3 $




For personal use only
                Executive
                Directors
                Gregory           900,000                         14 Nov 2023                FY24       18.93                 17,037,000                -                          -                        -                    -                        2028–2034
                Goodman           1,000,00                         17 Nov 2022               FY23       13.89                13,890,000                 -                          -                        -                    -                        2027–2033
                                  1,560,00                          18 Nov 2021              FY22       20.16                31,449,600                 -                          -                        -                    -                        2026–2032
                                  950,000                         19 Nov 2020                 FY21      16.07                 15,266,500                -                       29.3                     12.0            6,417,701                        2024–2026
                                  900,000                         20 Nov 2019                FY20        11.48               10,332,000              32.0                       32.0                      4.0          6,632,640                          2023–2025
                                  1,600,00                          15 Nov 2018               FY19       8.72                 13,952,000             66.7                       33.3                        -          12,282,682                         2022–2024
                Danny             455,000                         14 Nov 2023                FY24       18.93                    8,613,150              -                          -                        -                    -                        2028–2034
                Peeters           500,000                          17 Nov 2022               FY23       13.89                  6,945,000                -                          -                        -                    -                        2027–2033
                                  625,000                           18 Nov 2021              FY22       20.16                12,600,000                 -                          -                        -                    -                        2026–2032
                                  380,000                         19 Nov 2020                 FY21      16.07                   6,106,600               -                       29.3                     12.0           2,567,085                         2024–2026
                                  350,000                         20 Nov 2019                FY20        11.48                  4,018,000            32.0                       32.0                      4.0           2,579,383                         2023–2025
                                  550,000                           15 Nov 2018               FY19       8.72                  4,796,000             66.7                       33.3                        -            4,222,182                        2022–2024
               Anthony            500,000                         14 Nov 2023                FY24       18.93                  9,465,000                -                          -                        -                    -                        2028–2034
               Rozic              550,000                          17 Nov 2022               FY23       13.89                  7,639,500                -                          -                        -                    -                        2027–2033
                                  690,000                           18 Nov 2021              FY22       20.16                  13,910,400               -                          -                        -                    -                        2026–2032
                                  400,000                         19 Nov 2020                 FY21      16.07                  6,428,000                -                       29.3                     12.0           2,702,202                         2024–2026
                                  380,000                         20 Nov 2019                FY20        11.48                 4,362,400             32.0                       32.0                      4.0           2,800,471                         2023–2025
                                  600,000                           15 Nov 2018               FY19       8.72                  5,232,000             66.7                       33.3                        -          4,606,000                          2022–2024

            The footnotes for this table are set out at the end of this section.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         99
                                                                                                                             Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Financial years in which


                                                                                                                                                                                         Vested in the year %2
                                                                                                                                            Total value of




                                                                                                                                                              Vested in prior years %
                                                                             Date performance rights                                                                                                             Forfeited %
                                                                                                                      Fair value per
                                              Number of performance                                                                                                                                                                     Value of performance
                                                                                                         Year
                                                                                                                                       performance rights
                                                                                                                                                 granted1

                                                                                                                performance right1 $
                                                      rights granted                        granted                                                                                                                                                                               grant vests4
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   rights vested in the year3 $
                                                                                                                                                        $




For personal use only
                        Other
                        executive
                        KMP
                        Nick              585,000                      29 Sep 2023                     FY24        17.44                10,202,400              -                          -                        -                    -                        2028–2034
                        Kurtis            645,000                      30 Sep 2022                     FY23         11.69                7,540,050              -                          -                        -                    -                        2027–2033
                                          805,000                       30 Sep 2021                    FY22        17.22                 13,862,100             -                          -                        -                    -                        2026–2032
                                          490,000                      30 Sep 2020                      FY21       15.77                  7,727,300             -                       29.3                     12.0            3,310,194                        2024–2026
                                          380,000                       30 Sep 2019                    FY20         11.26                4,278,800           32.0                       32.0                      4.0           2,800,471                         2023–2025
                                          600,000                       28 Sep 2018                     FY19        8.52                   5,112,000         66.7                       33.3                        -          4,606,000                          2022–2024
                        Nick              500,000                      29 Sep 2023                     FY24        17.44                 8,720,000              -                          -                        -                    -                        2028–2034
                        Vrondas           550,000                      30 Sep 2022                     FY23         11.69                6,429,500              -                          -                        -                    -                        2027–2033
                                          690,000                       30 Sep 2021                    FY22        17.22                  11,881,800            -                          -                        -                    -                        2026–2032
                                          420,000                      30 Sep 2020                      FY21       15.77                 6,623,400              -                       29.3                     12.0           2,837,296                         2024–2026
                                          380,000                       30 Sep 2019                    FY20         11.26                4,278,800           32.0                       32.0                      4.0           2,800,471                         2023–2025
                                          600,000                       28 Sep 2018                     FY19        8.52                   5,112,000         66.7                       33.3                        -          4,606,000                          2022–2024

                 1.       The fair value was determined at grant date for each of the tranches and calculated using a combination of the standard Black Scholes model with a continuous
                          dividend/distribution yield and a Monte Carlo model which simulated total returns for each of the S&P/ASX 100 entities and discounted the future value of any
                          potential future vesting performance rights to arrive at a present value.
                 2.       As performance rights had an exercise price of $nil, Goodman securities were automatically issued to employees when the performance rights vested. Accordingly,
                          the percentage of performance rights that vested during the year equalled the percentage of securities issued during the year.
                 3.       The value of performance rights vested was calculated using the closing price of a Goodman security on the ASX of $23.03 on 1 September 2023, the day the
                          performance rights vested.
                 4.       As Goodman securities were automatically issued to employees when the performance rights vested, and lapsed where they failed to do so, the vesting date was also
                          deemed to be the expiry date.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  100
                                                                                                   Goodman Group


                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 6.4 Securities issued on exercise of performance rights

                 During FY24, Goodman issued 12,198,132 securities as a result of the vesting of performance rights. The amount paid by the employees
                 on exercise of these securities was $nil.

                 No performance rights have vested since the end of the financial year.

                 6.5 Unissued securities under performance rights

                 At the date of this Directors’ report, unissued securities of Goodman under performance rights, i.e. those performance rights that have
                 not yet vested, were:

                        Vesting date1                                                                             Exercise price $                     Number of performance rights2
                        Ten-year plan




For personal use only
                        Sep 2033                                                                                                       -                                             1,027,148
                        Sep 2032                                                                                                       -                                            2,262,146
                        Sep 2031                                                                                                       -                                             3,822,148
                        Sep 2030                                                                                                       -                                             3,822,143
                        Sep 2029                                                                                                       -                                             3,822,141
                        Sep 2028                                                                                                       -                                             3,822,139
                        Sep 2027                                                                                                       -                                             3,822,139
                        Sep 2026                                                                                                       -                                            2,794,997
                        Sep 2025                                                                                                       -                                            1,559,999
                        Five-year plan
                        Sep 2028                                                                                                       -                                            3,096,621
                        Sep 2027                                                                                                       -                                            5,859,272
                        Sep 2026                                                                                                       -                                            8,253,728
                        Sep 2025                                                                                                       -                                            8,703,488
                        Sep 2024                                                                                                       -                                            9,341,809

                 1.       As Goodman securities were automatically issued to employees when the performance rights vested, and lapsed where they failed to do so, the vesting date was also
                          deemed to be the expiry date.
                 2.       The number of performance rights at the date of this Directors’ report is net of any rights forfeited and excludes 17,130,826 performance rights where the intention is to
                          cash settle.




                                                                                                                                                                                                 101
                                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 6.6 Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration (statutory analysis)

                 Details of the nature and amount of each major element of the remuneration of Non-Executive Directors, as calculated under Australian
                 Accounting Standards, are set out below:

                                                                                                                                           Superannuation
                                                                                                                            Fees                  benefits                           Total
                                                                                                                                 $                            $                           $
                        Non-Executive Directors – GL and GFML
                        Stephen Johns                                         FY24                                      597,601                       27,399                     625,000
                                                                              FY23                                     599,708                        25,292                     625,000
                        Christopher Green                                     FY24                                     320,000                              -                    320,000
                                                                              FY23                                     330,000                              -                    330,000




For personal use only
                        Mark Johnson                                          FY24                                       312,601                      27,399                     340,000
                                                                              FY23                                      323,874                       25,292                      349,166
                        Vanessa Liu                                           FY24                                     270,000                              -                    270,000
                                                                              FY23                                     262,500                              -                    262,500
                        Rebecca McGrath1                                      FY24                                             -                            -                            -
                                                                              FY23                                      220,833                             -                     220,833
                        Phillip Pryke2                                        FY24                                      235,838                       21,379                       257,217
                                                                              FY23                                       418,727                      25,292                      444,019
                        Belinda Robson3                                       FY24                                      242,601                       27,399                     270,000
                                                                              FY23                                        81,569                        8,431                      90,000
                        Hilary Spann                                          FY24                                     270,000                              -                    270,000
                                                                              FY23                                     262,500                              -                    262,500
                        George Zoghbi4                                        FY24                                      242,601                       27,399                     270,000
                                                                              FY23                                       55,059                        5,691                       60,750
                        Non-Executive Director – GLHK                                                                       HK$                         HK$                           HK$
                        Kitty Chung5,6                                        FY24                                     680,000                              -                    680,000
                                                                              FY23                                             -                            -                            -
                        David Collins6                                        FY24                                     680,000                              -                    680,000
                                                                              FY23                                     680,000                              -                    680,000

                 1.       Rebecca McGrath retired as a Director on 28 February 2023.
                 2.       Philip Pryke retired as a Directed on 10 April 2024. Salary and fees for Phillip Pryke included an amount of A$23,127 (NZ$25,000) (2023: A$91,516 (NZ$100,000)) due
                          in respect of his role on the board and audit committee of Goodman (NZ) Limited, the former manager of Goodman Property Trust. Philip Pryke retired as a Director of
                          Goodman (NZ) Limited on 30 September 2023.
                 3.       Belinda Robson was appointed as a Director on 1 March 2023.
                 4.       George Zoghbi was appointed as a Director on 11 April 2023.
                 5.       Kitty Chung was appointed as a Director of GLHK on 1 July 2023.
                 6.       Kitty Chung and David Collins are Directors of GLHK and their Director’s fees are disclosed in Hong Kong dollars.




                                                                                                                                                                                           102
                                                                                                     Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 6.7 Movements in Goodman securities held

                 The movements during the year in the number of Goodman securities held, directly, indirectly or beneficially, by each KMP, including their
                 related parties, are set out below:

                                                                                                                       Securities
                                                                                                                       issued on
                                                                                             Held at the               vesting of                                          Held at the
                                                                                             start of the           performance                                             end of the
                                                                                                    year1                  rights         Acquisitions     Disposals            year2
                        Non-Executive Directors – GL and GFML
                        Stephen Johns                       FY24                                    41,143                           -               -                -          41,143
                                                            FY23                                    41,143                           -               -                -          41,143
                        Christopher Green                   FY24                                  78,996                             -               -                -        78,996




For personal use only
                                                            FY23                                  78,996                             -               -                -        78,996
                        Mark Johnson                        FY24                                  15,000                             -               -                -        15,000
                                                            FY23                                  15,000                             -               -                -        15,000
                        Vanessa Liu                         FY24                                     1,938                           -               -                -           1,938
                                                            FY23                                         -                           -           1,938                -           1,938
                        Phillip Pryke                       FY24                                  59,880                             -               -                -        59,880
                                                            FY23                                  59,880                             -               -                -        59,880
                        Belinda Robson                      FY24                                   4,990                             -          4,593                 -          9,583
                                                            FY23                                         -                           -          4,990                 -         4,990
                        Hilary Spann                        FY24                                   13,275                            -               -                -         13,275
                                                            FY23                                   3,500                             -          9,775                 -         13,275
                        George Zoghbi                       FY24                                         -                           -               -                -               -
                                                            FY23                                         -                           -               -                -               -
                        Non-Executive Director – GLHK
                        Kitty Chung                         FY24                                        -                            -          5,800                 -         5,800
                                                            FY23                                        -                            -              -                 -             -
                        David Collins                       FY24                                    5,000                            -              -                 -         5,000
                                                            FY23                                    5,000                            -              -                 -         5,000
                        Executive Directors – GL and GFML
                        Gregory Goodman                     FY24                            38,669,487                     1,100,001                 -    (1,838,993)      37,930,495
                                                            FY23                            38,604,546                    1,354,667                  -     (1,289,726)     38,669,487
                        Danny Peeters                       FY24                              1,678,465                    406,802                   -                 -    2,085,267
                                                            FY23                              2,199,797                     478,668                  -   (1,000,000)         1,678,465
                        Anthony Rozic                       FY24                              1,472,908                     438,935                  -       (1,122,153)       789,690
                                                            FY23                                951,307                       521,601                -                 -     1,472,908
                        Other executive KMP
                        Nick Kurtis                         FY24                                500,220                    465,335                   -     (665,305)         300,250
                                                            FY23                                 503,619                    521,601                  -     (525,000)         500,220
                        Nick Vrondas                        FY24                                 129,909                   444,801                   -      (269,710)        305,000
                                                            FY23                                 129,909                    521,601                  -       (521,601)        129,909

                 1.      Relates to securities held at the later of the start of the financial year or the date of becoming a KMP.
                 2.      Relates to securities held at the earlier of the end of the financial year or the date of ceasing to be a KMP.




                                                                                                                                                                                 103
                                                                              Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 Remuneration report - audited (continued)

                 6.8 Transactions with Directors, executives and their related entities

                 GreenPoint Real Estate Innovation and Technology Venture, LP (GreenPoint)

                 In order to enhance understanding of and access to technologies that may influence the property sector and the business, the Group
                 committed to investing USD15.0 million in GreenPoint, a property technology fund that is a Delaware limited partnership, managed by
                 GreenPoint Partners. GreenPoint Partners is beneficially owned and controlled by Christopher Green, a director of GL.

                 In FY24, the Group invested a further USD2.3 million and the total investment in GreenPoint at 30 June 2024 was USD9.5 million (30
                 June 2023: USD7.2 million). No distributions were received from GreenPoint in the current year (2023: $nil).

                 Wyuna Regenerative Ag Investment Fund (Wyuna)

                 As part of its sustainability strategy, Goodman has committed to investing up to $30.0 million in an integrated carbon credit and
                 regenerative platform in Australia – Wyuna. Investing alongside Australia’s Clean Energy Finance Corporation, this project assists land




For personal use only
                 regeneration, sustainable food production and land-based solutions to climate change. Wyuna is managed by Wyuna Regenerative Ag
                 Pty Limited, which is 50% owned by Christopher Green, a director of GL.

                 In FY24, GL invested $3.0 million, and the total investment in Wyuna at 30 June 2024 was $14.9 million (30 June 2023: $11.9 million). No
                 distributions were received from Wyuna in the current and prior year.

                 Other than as disclosed elsewhere in the remuneration report, there were no other transactions with Directors, executives, and their
                 related entities.




                                                                                                                                                           104
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 (continued)

                 Environmental regulations
                 Goodman has policies and procedures to identify and appropriately address environmental obligations that might arise in respect of
                 Goodman’s operations that are subject to significant environmental laws and regulation. The Directors have determined that Goodman
                 has complied with those obligations during the financial year and that there has not been any material breach.

                 Declaration by the Group Chief Executive Officer and Group Chief Financial Officer
                 The Group Chief Executive Officer and Group Chief Financial Officer declared in writing to the Board that, in their opinion, the financial
                 records of Goodman for the year ended 30 June 2024 have been properly maintained and the financial report for the year ended 30
                 June 2024 complies with accounting standards and presents a true and fair view of Goodman’s financial condition and operational
                 results. The Group Chief Executive Officer and Group Chief Financial Officer confirmed that the above declaration was, to the best of
                 their knowledge and belief, founded on a sound system of risk management and internal control and that the system was operating
                 effectively in all material respects in relation to the financial reporting risks.

                 Disclosure in respect of any indemnification and insurance of officers and auditors
                 Pursuant to the Constitution of Goodman, current and former Directors and officers of Goodman are entitled to be indemnified. Deeds of




For personal use only
                 Indemnity have been executed by Goodman, consistent with the Constitution, in favour of each Director. The Deed indemnifies each
                 Director to the extent permitted by law for liabilities (other than legal costs) incurred in their capacity as a director of Goodman Limited or
                 a controlled entity and, in respect of legal costs, for liabilities incurred in defending or resisting civil or criminal proceedings.

                 Goodman has insured to the extent permitted by law, current and former Directors and officers of Goodman in respect of liability and
                 legal expenses incurred in their capacity as a director or officer. As it is prohibited under the terms of the contract of insurance, the
                 Directors have not included details of the nature of the liabilities covered or the amount of the premiums paid.

                 The auditors of Goodman are not indemnified by Goodman or covered in any way by this insurance in respect of the audit.

                 Non-audit services
                 During the financial year, KPMG, Goodman and GIT’s auditor, performed certain other services in addition to the audit and review of the
                 financial statements.

                 The Board has considered the non-audit services provided during the financial year by the auditor and, in accordance with written advice
                 authorised by a resolution of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee, resolved that it is satisfied that the provision of those non-audit
                 services during the financial year by the auditor is compatible with, and did not compromise, the auditor independence requirements of
                 the Corporations Act 2001 for the following reasons:

                 +      All non-audit services were subject to the corporate governance procedures adopted by Goodman and have been reviewed by the
                        Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee to determine they do not impact the integrity and objectivity of the auditor
                 +      The non-audit services provided do not undermine the general principles relating to auditor independence as set out in APES 110
                        Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, as they did not involve reviewing or auditing the auditor’s own work, acting in a
                        management or decision making capacity for Goodman, acting as an advocate for Goodman or jointly sharing risks and rewards.

                 Details of the amounts paid to the auditor of Goodman and GIT, KPMG and its network firms, for the audit and non-audit services
                 provided during the financial year are set out in note 25 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                              105
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Directors’ report
                 (continued)

                 Lead auditor’s independence declaration under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
                 The lead auditor’s independence declaration is set out on page 107 and forms part of this Directors’ report for the financial year.

                 Rounding
                 Goodman and GIT are entities of a kind referred to in ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191.
                 In accordance with that Instrument, amounts in this Directors’ report and the consolidated financial statements have been rounded to the
                 nearest hundred thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.

                 Events subsequent to balance date
                 There has not arisen in the interval between the end of the financial year and the date of this report any item, transaction or event of a
                 material and unusual nature likely, in the opinion of the Directors, to affect significantly the operations of Goodman, the results of those
                 operations, or the state of affairs of Goodman, in future financial years.


                 The Directors’ report is made in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




For personal use only
                 Stephen Johns
                 Independent Chairman




                 Gregory Goodman
                 Group Chief Executive Officer

                 Sydney, 15 August 2024




                                                                                                                                                                106
                        Lead Auditor’s Independence Declaration under
                        Section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001
                         To the Directors of Goodman Limited and Goodman Funds Management
                         Limited, as Responsible Entity for Goodman Industrial Trust




For personal use only
                         I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audits of Goodman Limited (as
                         the deemed parent presenting the stapled security arrangement of the Goodman Group) and Goodman
                         Industrial Trust for the financial year ended 30 June 2024 there have been:
                                  i.       no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the Corporations
                                           Act 2001 in relation to the audits; and
                                  ii.      no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audits.




                        KPMG                                                           Nigel R Virgo
                                                                                       Partner
                                                                                       Sydney
                                                                                       15 August 2024




                        KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG
                        International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The KPMG name and logo are trademarks used
                        under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global organisation. Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional
                        Standards Legislation.




                                                                                                                                                                   107
                                                                              Goodman Group


                 Consolidated statements of financial position
                 as at 30 June 2024

                                                                                                   Goodman                             GIT
                                                                                                  2024            2023              2024         2023
                                                                                Note                $M              $M                $M           $M
                  Current assets
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                     20(a)          1,785.3          1,360.1            1,018.2      689.9
                  Receivables                                                       6            221.3            243.1            244.4         242.1
                  Contract assets                                                   7             12.9             72.9                  -           -
                  Inventories                                                    5(b)           434.4            464.2                   -           -
                  Other financial assets                                           16              9.3             87.8                2.8        76.6
                  Assets held for sale                                              8             25.7          509.6                 25.7      509.6
                  Total current assets                                                        2,488.9          2,737.7             1,291.1     1,518.2
                  Non-current assets
                  Receivables                                                       6              178.3          231.0            2,291.7      3,122.4
                  Inventories                                                    5(b)           1,924.5          1,781.3                 -            -




For personal use only
                  Investment properties                                          5(b)            1,778.3       1,644.8              586.4        234.4
                  Investments accounted for using the equity method              5(b)         16,098.0        16,285.2           13,068.9      13,012.3
                  Deferred tax assets                                            4(d)               59.3           43.9                  -            -
                  Other financial assets                                           16              406.1           381.5            260.6         251.7
                  Property, plant and equipment                                     11              65.2            71.7                 -            -
                  Intangible assets                                                13             829.5           850.1                  -            -
                  Total non-current assets                                                    21,339.2       21,289.5           16,207.6     16,620.8
                  Total assets                                                                23,828.1       24,027.2           17,498.7      18,139.0
                  Current liabilities
                  Payables                                                          9             837.2         683.4              256.2         170.9
                  Current tax payables                                           4(c)              217.8          170.2                 -            -
                  Interest bearing liabilities                                     15                 1.7              -                -            -
                  Provisions                                                       10             303.9          301.5             208.9         188.4
                  Lease liabilities                                                12                9.1            12.3                -            -
                  Other financial liabilities                                      16              40.3          143.9               18.5         63.9
                  Total current liabilities                                                     1,410.0         1,311.3            483.6        423.2
                  Non-current liabilities
                  Payables                                                          9            342.9           390.2            445.4         778.0
                  Interest bearing liabilities                                     15          3,685.0         3,292.9           3,432.5      2,982.8
                  Deferred tax liabilities                                       4(d)             335.8          458.2            266.6         375.0
                  Provisions                                                       10              15.9            14.3                -            -
                  Lease liabilities                                                12              27.2           55.4                 -            -
                  Other financial liabilities                                      16            473.4           480.1             339.4        383.6
                  Total non-current liabilities                                                4,880.2          4,691.1         4,483.9       4,519.4
                  Total liabilities                                                           6,290.2         6,002.4           4,967.5      4,942.6
                  Net assets                                                                  17,537.9       18,024.8           12,531.2     13,196.4
                  Equity attributable to Securityholders
                  Issued capital                                                 19(a)          8,343.6        8,273.3           8,568.7      8,355.4
                  Reserves                                                                        737.5          774.6              491.5        459.1
                  Retained earnings                                                            8,456.8         8,976.9            3,471.0      4,381.9
                  Total equity attributable to Securityholders                                17,537.9       18,024.8           12,531.2     13,196.4
                  Comprising:
                  Total equity attributable to GL                                21(a)          3,267.2         2,731.4
                  Total equity attributable to other entities stapled to GL      21(b)         14,270.7       15,293.4
                  Total equity attributable to Securityholders                                17,537.9       18,024.8           12,531.2     13,196.4

                 The consolidated statements of financial position are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                                     108
                                                                                  Goodman Group


                 Consolidated income statements
                 for the year ended 30 June 2024

                                                                                                       Goodman                      GIT
                                                                                                      2024          2023         2024         2023
                                                                                        Note            $M            $M           $M           $M
                  Revenue
                  Gross property income                                                       1         106.1        122.8         11.4       27.4
                  Management income                                                           1      680.8          438.9             -          -
                  Development income                                                          1      1,196.5      1,407.2          (2.7)      22.6
                  Distributions from investments                                                           -             -         8.0        27.7
                                                                                                   1,983.4       1,968.9          16.7        77.7
                  Property and development expenses
                  Property expenses                                                                  (24.4)         (31.7)         (4.4)        (9.8)
                  Development expenses                                                        1      (531.7)      (606.7)             -         (6.7)
                                                                                                    (556.1)      (638.4)          (4.4)       (16.5)
                  Other income
                  Net gain from fair value adjustments on investment properties          5(e)           6.0         278.9        44.4        229.0




For personal use only
                  Net gain/(loss) on disposal of investment properties                                  5.0           3.6         5.0           (0.6)
                  Net gain on disposal of controlled entities                              22       208.0               -           -              -
                  Share of net results of equity accounted investments              5(f)(i),(ii)     (796.7)      1,022.4       (545.1)      1,079.1
                                                                                                    (577.7)      1,304.9       (495.7)     1,307.5
                  Other expenses
                  Employee expenses                                                           1      (273.2)         (271.6)         -             -
                  Share based payments expense                                                1      (501.4)       (286.0)           -             -
                  Administrative and other expenses                                                  (109.5)        (100.9)      (48.4)        (74.5)
                                                                                                    (884.1)       (658.5)       (48.4)        (74.5)
                  (Loss)/profit before interest and tax                                               (34.5)     1,976.9       (531.8)     1,294.2
                  Net finance income/(expense)
                  Finance income                                                            14         39.8           22.9        185.8       179.2
                  Finance expense                                                           14        (62.3)        (257.7)      (177.3)    (236.3)
                  Net finance income/(expense)                                                       (22.5)       (234.8)           8.5       (57.1)
                  (Loss)/profit before income tax                                                    (57.0)       1,742.1      (523.3)     1,237.1
                  Income tax (expense)/credit                                            4(a)          (41.9)        (182.2)     106.2         (99.1)
                  (Loss)/profit after income tax                                                     (98.9)      1,559.9        (417.1)    1,138.0
                  Profit attributable to GL                                             21(a)         401.1         288.2
                  (Loss)/profit attributable to other entities stapled to GL            21(b)       (500.0)         1,271.7
                  (Loss)/profit for the year attributable to Securityholders                         (98.9)      1,559.9                   1,138.0
                  Basic (loss)/profit per security (¢)                                       2          (5.2)         83.0
                  Diluted (loss)/profit per security (¢)                                     2          (5.2)          81.3

                 The consolidated income statements are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                                  109
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Consolidated statements of comprehensive income
                 for the year ended 30 June 2024

                                                                                                    Goodman                       GIT
                                                                                                   2024          2023         2024           2023
                                                                                     Note            $M            $M           $M             $M
                  (Loss)/profit for the year                                                      (98.9)      1,559.9        (417.1)      1,138.0
                  Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year
                  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                  Actuarial (losses)/gains on defined benefit retirement schemes,
                  net of income tax                                                                  (3.5)       0.5                -            -
                  Effect of foreign currency translation                                             0.2         (2.6)              -            -
                                                                                                    (3.3)        (2.1)              -            -
                  Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or
                  loss
                  Increase/(decrease) due to revaluation of other financial assets                    0.1        (0.2)            (0.5)      (15.6)
                  Cash flow hedges:
                  – Change in value of financial instruments                                          (6.8)       2.4           (6.8)          2.4




For personal use only
                  Effect of foreign currency translation                                            (116.0)     363.2          (6.4)        200.6
                                                                                                  (122.7)       365.4         (13.7)         187.4
                  Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                  (126.0)       363.3         (13.7)         187.4
                  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                 (224.9)      1,923.2       (430.8)       1,325.4
                  Total comprehensive income attributable to GL                      21(a)         355.5        294.9
                  Total comprehensive (loss)/income attributable to other entities
                  stapled to GL                                                      21(b)       (580.4)      1,628.3
                  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year attributable to
                  Securityholders                                                                (224.9)      1,923.2

                 The consolidated statements of comprehensive income are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                                 110
                                                                                                                 Goodman Group

                    Consolidated statements of changes in equity
                    for the year ended 30 June 2024

                                                                                                                                             Attributable to Securityholders




                                                                                     Asset revaluation reserve     Cash flow hedge reserve                              Employee compensation   Defined benefit retirement
                                                                                                                                               Foreign currency
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Retained earnings
                                                                    Issued capital                                                                                                                                           Total reserves


                                                                    $M               $M                            $M                          translation reserve $M   reserve $M              schemes reserve $M           $M                 $M
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Total
                        Goodman                           Note                                                                                                                                                                                                         $M
                        Balance at 1 July 2022                    8,206.1                 (6.4)                             11.1                 53.4                   325.5                   (30.9)                       352.7            7,866.0               16,424.8
                        Total comprehensive
                        income/(loss) for the year
                        Profit for the year                                   -                        -                           -                           -                       -                          -                    -       1,559.9               1,559.9
                        Other comprehensive




For personal use only
                        income/(loss)
                        Effect of foreign currency
                        translation                                           -             (0.5)                          0.5                363.2                                    -               (2.6)                 360.6                          -         360.6
                        Cash flow hedges:
                        – Change in value of financial
                        instruments                                           -                        -                   2.4                                 -                       -                          -               2.4                       -            2.4
                        Revaluation of other financial
                        assets                                                -             (0.2)                                  -                           -                       -                          -             (0.2)                       -           (0.2)
                        Actuarial gains on defined
                        benefit superannuation funds,
                        net of income tax                                     -                        -                           -                           -                       -                 0.5                     0.5                        -           0.5
                        Total other comprehensive
                        income/(loss) for the year, net
                        of income tax                                         -             (0.7)                          2.9                363.2                                    -                   (2.1)             363.3                          -         363.3
                        Total comprehensive
                        income/(loss) for the year,
                        net of income tax                                     -           (0.7)                           2.9                 363.2                           -                         (2.1)                363.3            1,559.9                1,923.2
                        Transfers                                             -              -                              -                     -                      (115.6)                          -                   (115.6)            115.6                     -
                        Contributions by and
                        distributions to owners
                        Dividends/distributions on
                        stapled securities                   18           -                            -                           -                           -                       -                          -                    -       (564.6)               (564.6)
                        Issue of stapled securities       19(a)       67.4                             -                           -                           -                       -                          -                    -            -                  67.4
                        Issue costs                                    (0.2)                           -                           -                           -                       -                          -                    -            -                  (0.2)
                        Equity settled share based
                        payments expense                                      -                        -                           -                           -         173.6                                    -           173.6                         -          173.6
                        Deferred taxes associated
                        with the LTIP                                   -                       -                         -                        -                      0.6                       -                          0.6                  -                    0.6
                        Balance at 30 June 2023                   8,273.3                    (7.1)                     14.0                    416.6                    384.1                   (33.0)                       774.6            8,976.9               18,024.8




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               111
                                                                                                                 Goodman Group

                    Consolidated statements of changes in equity
                    (continued)

                                                                                                                                             Attributable to Securityholders




                                                                                     Asset revaluation reserve     Cash flow hedge reserve                              Employee compensation   Defined benefit retirement
                                                                                                                                               Foreign currency
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Retained earnings
                                                                    Issued capital                                                                                                                                            Total reserves


                                                                    $M               $M                            $M                          translation reserve $M   reserve $M              schemes reserve $M            $M                 $M
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Total
                        Goodman                           Note                                                                                                                                                                                                          $M
                        Balance at 1 July 2023                    8,273.3                    (7.1)                     14.0                    416.6                    384.1                   (33.0)                       774.6             8,976.9               18,024.8
                        Total comprehensive
                        income/(loss) for the year
                        Loss for the year                                     -                        -                           -                           -                       -                          -                     -         (98.9)                (98.9)
                        Other comprehensive




For personal use only
                        income/(loss)
                        Effect of foreign currency
                        translation                                           -                 0.1                                -               (116.1)                             -                 0.2                   (115.8)                       -          (115.8)
                        Cash flow hedges:
                        – Change in value of financial
                        instruments                                           -                        -                  (6.8)                                -                       -                          -               (6.8)                      -           (6.8)
                        Revaluation of other financial
                        assets                                                -                 0.1                                -                           -                       -                          -                 0.1                      -            0.1
                        Actuarial losses on defined
                        benefit superannuation funds,
                        net of income tax                                     -                        -                           -                           -                       -                (3.5)                     (3.5)                      -           (3.5)
                        Total other comprehensive
                        income/(loss) for the year, net
                        of income tax                                         -              0.2                          (6.8)                    (116.1)                             -                (3.3)                (126.0)                         -         (126.0)
                        Total comprehensive
                        income/(loss) for the year,
                        net of income tax                                     -             0.2                         (6.8)                   (116.1)                      -                       (3.3)                   (126.0)             (98.9)               (224.9)
                        Transfers                                             -               -                            -                         -                  (148.6)                         -                     (148.6)            148.6                     -
                        Contributions by and
                        distributions to owners
                        Dividends/distributions on
                        stapled securities                   18         -                              -                           -                           -                       -                          -                     -       (569.8)               (569.8)
                        Issue of stapled securities       19(a)      70.4                              -                           -                           -                       -                          -                     -            -                  70.4
                        Issue costs                                   (0.1)                            -                           -                           -                       -                          -                     -            -                   (0.1)
                        Equity settled share based
                        payments expense                                      -                        -                           -                           -        227.2                                     -          227.2                           -         227.2
                        Deferred taxes associated
                        with the LTIP                                   -                    -                               -                    -                       10.3                      -                          10.3                  -                   10.3
                        Balance at 30 June 2024                   8,343.6                 (6.9)                            7.2                300.5                     473.0                   (36.3)                       737.5             8,456.8               17,537.9

                    The consolidated statements of changes in equity are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes. For an analysis of equity
                    attributable to non-controlling interests, refer to note 21(b).




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             112
                                                                                                   Goodman Group

                    Consolidated statements of changes in equity
                    (continued)

                                                                                                                       Attributable to Unitholders

                                                                                                                           Foreign currency
                                                                                     Asset revaluation   Cash flow hedge                                                          Retained earnings
                                                                                                                                                                Total reserves
                                                                                                                                                 Employee
                                                                    Issued capital                                         translation reserve
                                                                                                                                                 compensation
                                                                    $M               reserve $M          reserve $M        $M                                   $M                $M
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Total
                        GIT                               Note                                                                                   reserve $M                                             $M
                        Balance at 1 July 2022                    8,154.5                 9.4                  11.1                   1.5           216.8       238.8            3,714.4              12,107.7
                        Total comprehensive
                        income/(loss) for the year
                        Profit for the year                                   -                  -                 -                      -               -               -       1,138.0              1,138.0
                        Other comprehensive
                        income/(loss)
                        Effect of foreign currency




For personal use only
                        translation                                           -           0.8                0.4                 199.4                    -     200.6                         -        200.6
                        Cash flow hedges:
                        - Change in value of financial
                        instruments                                           -                  -            2.4                         -               -          2.4                      -           2.4
                        Decrease due to revaluation
                        of other financial assets                             -         (15.6)                     -                      -               -       (15.6)                      -          (15.6)
                        Total other comprehensive
                        (loss)/income for the year, net
                        of income tax                                         -         (14.8)                2.8                199.4                    -      187.4                        -         187.4
                        Total comprehensive
                        (loss)/income for the year                            -       (14.8)                 2.8                 199.4                    -     187.4            1,138.0              1,325.4
                        Contributions by and
                        distributions to owners
                        Distributions on ordinary units      18         -                        -                 -                      -               -               -       (470.5)              (470.5)
                        Issue of ordinary units           19(a)     201.0                        -                 -                      -               -               -            -                201.0
                        Issue costs on ordinary units                 (0.1)                      -                 -                      -               -               -            -                  (0.1)
                        Equity settled share based
                        payments transactions                           -                  -                   -                   -                 32.9        32.9                  -                  32.9
                        Balance at 30 June 2023                   8,355.4               (5.4)               13.9               200.9                249.7       459.1            4,381.9              13,196.4




                                                                                                                                                                                                             113
                                                                                                          Goodman Group

                    Consolidated statements of changes in equity
                    (continued)

                                                                                                                                        Attributable to Unitholders




                                                                                                                   Cash flow hedge reserve $M
                                                                                                                                                Foreign currency translation
                                                                                     Asset revaluation reserve                                                                 Employee compensation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Retained earnings
                                                                    Issued capital                                                                                                                     Total reserves


                                                                    $M               $M                                                         reserve $M                     reserve $M              $M                 $M
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Total
                        GIT                               Note                                                                                                                                                                                  $M
                        Balance at 1 July 2023                    8,355.4                 (5.4)                  13.9                           200.9                          249.7                   459.1            4,381.9               13,196.4
                        Total comprehensive
                        income/(loss) for the year
                        Loss for the year                                     -                        -                      -                                     -                         -                  -         (417.1)              (417.1)




For personal use only
                        Other comprehensive
                        income/(loss)
                        Effect of foreign currency
                        translation                                           -                 0.1                0.1                                 (6.6)                                  -           (6.4)                       -           (6.4)
                        Cash flow hedges:
                        - Change in value of financial
                        instruments                                           -                        -          (6.8)                                             -                         -            (6.8)                      -           (6.8)
                        Decrease due to revaluation
                        of other financial assets                             -             (0.5)                             -                                     -                         -           (0.5)                       -           (0.5)
                        Total other comprehensive
                        (loss)/income for the year, net
                        of income tax                                         -            (0.4)                  (6.7)                                (6.6)                                  -           (13.7)                      -          (13.7)
                        Total comprehensive
                        (loss)/income for the year                            -           (0.4)                  (6.7)                                (6.6)                                   -         (13.7)           (417.1)               (430.8)
                        Contributions by and
                        distributions to owners
                        Distributions on ordinary units      18         -                              -                      -                                     -                         -                  -       (493.8)               (493.8)
                        Issue of ordinary units           19(a)     213.4                              -                      -                                     -                         -                  -            -                 213.4
                        Issue costs on ordinary units                 (0.1)                            -                      -                                     -                         -                  -            -                   (0.1)
                        Equity settled share based
                        payments transactions                           -                    -                      -                               -                            46.1                   46.1                  -                   46.1
                        Balance at 30 June 2024                   8,568.7                 (5.8)                   7.2                           194.3                          295.8                   491.5            3,471.0               12,531.2

                    The consolidated statements of changes in equity are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     114
                                                                                Goodman Group


                 Consolidated cash flow statements
                 for the year ended 30 June 2024

                                                                                                    Goodman                      GIT
                                                                                                   2024          2023         2024         2023
                                                                                                     $M            $M           $M           $M
                  Cash flows from operating activities
                  Property income received                                                          97.9         125.2         10.8        29.5
                  Cash receipts from development activities                                       1,311.9      1,416.7             -        17.5
                  Cash receipts from management and other activities                             639.4          477.8              -            -
                  Property expenses paid                                                          (20.0)          (30.1)        (2.2)        (7.7)
                  Payments for development activities                                             (817.3)      (589.6)             -        (0.5)
                  Other cash payments in the course of operations                                (466.7)       (495.5)        (44.4)       (75.8)
                  Distributions received from equity investments, including
                  Partnerships                                                                   609.3          583.5        339.0        329.0
                  Interest received                                                                 38.9           19.5       25.0          12.3
                  Finance costs paid                                                               (80.2)        (59.2)      (136.2)       (95.1)




For personal use only
                  Net income taxes paid                                                           (124.6)        (164.1)        (1.6)        (2.1)
                  Net cash provided by operating activities                       20(b)         1,188.6       1,284.2        190.4        207.1
                  Cash flows from investing activities
                  Net proceeds from disposal of investment properties                             795.6         629.7       804.0         629.9
                  Proceeds from disposal of controlled entities, net of cash
                  disposed                                                                           (5.0)            -            -           -
                  Net proceeds from disposal of equity investments                                      -        352.4             -     348.8
                  Payments for investment properties                                             (363.0)         (441.2)      (621.8)      (37.7)
                  Payments for investments in Partnerships                                      (1,105.3)     (1,243.9)     (1,018.0)     (671.5)
                  Payments for property, plant and equipment                                        (10.5)        (13.0)           -           -
                  Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities                           (688.2)         (716.0)     (835.8)      269.5
                  Cash flows from financing activities
                  Net proceeds from issue of stapled securities                                    70.3           67.2        43.9         42.5
                  Net cash inflows/(outflows) from loans with related parties                      62.8          (58.0)      956.2         191.7
                  Drawdown of borrowings and receipts from derivative
                  financial instruments                                                           849.8       1,029.3        824.8         712.3
                  Repayments of borrowings and payments under derivative
                  financial instruments                                                          (456.0)        (772.0)      (363.5)      (722.9)
                  Dividends and distributions paid                                                (567.4)        (562.1)      (473.3)      (515.6)
                  Payments of lease liabilities                                                      (11.9)        (13.2)           -           -
                  Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities                              (52.4)     (308.8)          988.1     (292.0)
                  Net increase in cash held                                                       448.0         259.4          342.7       184.6
                  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                         1,360.1      1,056.0         689.9       473.6
                  Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held                                 (22.8)        44.7          (14.4)       31.7
                  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                20(a)         1,785.3       1,360.1       1,018.2       689.9

                 The consolidated cash flow statements are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                 Non-cash transactions are included in note 20(c).




                                                                                                                                                115
                                                                                    Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements

                        This section sets out the general basis upon which Goodman and GIT have prepared their financial statements and information that is
                        disclosed to comply with the Australian Accounting Standards, Corporations Act 2001 or Corporations Regulations.

                        Specific accounting policies can be found in the sections to which they relate.


                 BASIS OF PREPARATION

                 Goodman Limited and Goodman Industrial Trust are for-profit entities domiciled in Australia.

                 Statement of compliance

                 These consolidated financial statements are general purpose financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with
                 Australian Accounting Standards adopted by the Australian Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and the Corporations Act 2001.




For personal use only
                 International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) form the basis of Australian Accounting Standards adopted by the AASB. The
                 consolidated financial statements also comply with IFRS.

                 The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian dollars and were authorised for issue by the Directors on 15 August
                 2024.

                 Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial reports

                 Shares in the Company, units in the Trust and CDIs over shares in GLHK are stapled to one another and are quoted as a single security
                 on the ASX. Australian Accounting Standards require an acquirer to be identified and an in-substance acquisition to be recognised. In
                 relation to the stapling of the Company, the Trust and GLHK, the Company is identified as having acquired control over the assets of the
                 Trust and GLHK. In the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group, equity attributable to the Trust and the CDIs over the
                 shares of GLHK are presented as non-controlling interests.

                 As permitted by the relief provided in ASIC Instrument 20-0568, these financial statements present both the financial statements and
                 accompanying notes of Goodman and GIT. GLHK, which is incorporated and domiciled in Hong Kong, prepares its financial statements
                 under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards and the applicable requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and
                 accordingly the financial statements of GLHK have not been combined and included as adjacent columns in this report. The financial
                 statements of GLHK have been included as an appendix to this report.

                 The consolidated financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis, subject to any impairment of assets, except that the
                 following assets and liabilities are stated at fair value:

                 +        Investment properties
                 +        Derivative financial instruments
                 +        Investments in unlisted securities
                 +        Liabilities for cash settled share-based payment arrangements.

                 In accordance with ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, amounts in these consolidated
                 financial statements have been rounded to the nearest hundred thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.

                 Foreign currency translation

                 Functional and presentation currency
                 Items included in the consolidated financial statements of each of the controlled entities are measured using the currency of the primary
                 economic environment in which the entity operates (functional currency). The consolidated financial statements are presented in
                 Australian dollars, which is the Company’s and the Trust’s functional and presentation currency.




                                                                                                                                                          116
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Basis of preparation (continued)

                 Transactions
                 Foreign currency transactions are translated to each entity’s functional currency at rates approximating to the foreign exchange rates
                 ruling at the dates of the transactions. Amounts receivable and payable in foreign currencies at the balance date are translated at the
                 rates of exchange ruling on that date. Resulting exchange differences are recognised in the income statement.

                 Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost are translated at rates of exchange applicable at the
                 date of the initial transaction. Non-monetary items which are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the
                 exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined.

                 Translation of controlled foreign operations
                 The assets and liabilities of controlled foreign operations are translated into Australian dollars at foreign exchange rates ruling at the
                 balance date.

                 Revenue and expenses are translated at weighted average rates for the financial year. Exchange differences arising on translation are
                 taken directly to the foreign currency translation reserve. On cessation of operations in a foreign region, the cumulative exchange




For personal use only
                 differences relating to the operations in that region, that have been included in the foreign currency translation reserve, are reclassified to
                 the income statement.

                 Exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part of the net investment in a controlled foreign operation are recognised in
                 the foreign currency translation reserve on consolidation.

                 Exchange rates used
                 The following exchange rates are the main exchange rates used in translating foreign currency transactions, balances and financial
                 statements to Australian dollars:

                                                                                               Weighted average                            As at 30 June
                  Australian dollar (AUD) to                                                     2024            2023                   2024             2023
                  New Zealand dollar (NZD)                                                       1.0810         1.0927                 1.0947            1.0871
                  Hong Kong dollar (HKD)                                                         5.1273          5.2751                5.2081           5.2235
                  Chinese yuan (CNY)                                                             4.7371        4.6804                 4.8469            4.8339
                  Japanese yen (JPY)                                                           97.7982        92.3936               107.3010           96.1530
                  Euro (EUR)                                                                   0.6062          0.6433                0.6226             0.6109
                  British pound sterling (GBP)                                                 0.5206          0.5592                 0.5274           0.5249
                  United States dollar (USD)                                                    0.6557          0.6731               0.6670            0.6664
                  Brazilian real (BRL)                                                          3.2793         3.4743                 3.7304              3.1911

                 Changes in accounting policies

                 The AASB has issued amendments to standards that were first effective from 1 July 2023 but none of these had a material impact on the
                 Group’s financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                              117
                                                                                     Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Basis of preparation (continued)

                 Australian Accounting Standards issued but not yet effective

                 The Group has not applied any new or amended standard that is not yet effective but available for early application in the current
                 accounting period. None of the new or amended accounting standards are expected to have a significant impact on the future results of
                 the Group.

                 Critical accounting estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements

                 The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires estimates and assumptions concerning the application of accounting
                 policies and the future to be made by Goodman. Estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other
                 factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

                 The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
                 liabilities within the next financial year can be found in the following notes:




For personal use only
                 +      Note 5 – Property assets
                 +      Note 13 – Goodwill and intangible assets
                 +      Note 17 – Financial risk management.

                 The accounting impacts of revisions to estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods
                 affected.

                 Measurement of fair values
                 A number of Goodman’s accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both financial and non-financial
                 assets and liabilities.

                 When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, Goodman uses market observable data as far as possible. Fair values are
                 categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy and have been defined as follows:

                 +      Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                 +      Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as
                        prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices)
                 +      Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                 Further information about the assumptions made in measuring fair values is included in the following notes:

                 +      Note 5 – Property assets
                 +      Note 17 – Financial risk management




                                                                                                                                                                    118
                                                                                     Goodman Group



                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 (continued)

                 RESULTS FOR THE YEAR


                        The notes in this section focus on the significant items in the income statement, and include the earnings per security, analysis of the
                        results by operating segment and taxation details.


                 1 Profit before income tax

                 Gross property income
                 Gross property income comprises rental income under operating leases (net of incentives provided) and amounts billed to customers for
                 outgoings (e.g. rates, levies, cleaning, security, etc). Amounts billed to customers for outgoings are a cost recovery for Goodman and are
                 recognised once the expense has been incurred. The expense is included in property expenses.




For personal use only
                 Rental income under operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease contract. Where operating lease
                 rental income is recognised relating to fixed increases in rentals in future years, an asset is recognised. This asset is a component of the
                 relevant investment property carrying amount. The cost of lease incentives provided to customers is amortised on a straight-line basis
                 over the life of the lease as a reduction of gross property income.

                 Management and development income
                 The revenue from management and development activities is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a
                 customer. Goodman recognises revenue when it transfers control over a product or service to a customer.

                 Management income
                 Fee income derived from management services relates to investment management base fees and property services fees and is
                 recognised and invoiced progressively as the services are provided. Customers make payments usually either monthly or quarterly in
                 arrears.

                 Performance related management income generally relates to portfolio performance fee income, which is recognised progressively as
                 the services are provided but only when the income can be reliably measured and is highly probable of not being reversed. These
                 portfolio performance fees are typically dependent on the overall returns of a Partnership relative to an agreed benchmark return,
                 assessed over the life of the Partnership, which can vary from one year to seven years. The returns are impacted by operational factors
                 such as the quality and location of the portfolio, active property management, rental income rates and development activity but can also
                 be significantly affected by changes in global and local economic conditions. Accordingly, portfolio performance fee revenue is only
                 recognised towards the end of the relevant assessment period, as prior to this revenue recognition is not considered to be sufficiently
                 certain.

                 In determining the amount of revenue that can be reliably measured, management prepares a sensitivity analysis to understand the
                 impact of changes in asset valuations on the potential performance fee at the assessment date. The assessment of revenue will depend
                 on the prevailing market conditions at the reporting date relative to long-term averages and the length of time until the assessment date
                 e.g. the longer the time period to assessment date, the greater the impact of the sensitivity analysis. The potential portfolio performance
                 fee revenue is then recognised based on the length of time from the start of the assessment period to the reporting date as a proportion
                 of the total assessment period. Where the income is attributable to development activities or it relates to a combination of inextricable
                 management and development activities that have occurred over the performance fee period, then it is reported as development
                 income; otherwise, the income is reported as management income. The Partnerships make payments in respect of portfolio
                 performances fees at the end of the performance periods once the attainment of the conditions has been verified and the amount of the
                 fee has been agreed by all parties.




                                                                                                                                                                   119
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Results for the year (continued)

                 Development income – disposal of inventories
                 The disposal of inventories is recognised at the point in time when control over the property asset is transferred to the customer. This will
                 generally occur on transfer of legal title and payment in full by the customer. The gain or loss on disposal of inventories is calculated as
                 the difference between the carrying amount of the asset at the time of disposal and the proceeds on disposal (less transaction costs) and
                 is included in the income statement in the period of disposal.

                 Development income – development management services
                 Fee income from development management services (including master-planning, development management and overall project
                 management) is recognised progressively as the services are provided in proportion to the stage of completion by reference to costs.
                 Payments are received in accordance with the achievement of agreed milestones over the development period. The development period
                 can exceed 24 months for larger, more complex projects.

                 Performance related development income includes income associated with the returns from individual developments under the Group’s
                 management and performance fee income that relates to development activity. Income in respect of individual developments is
                 recognised by Goodman on attainment of the performance related conditions, which is when the income can be reliably measured and is




For personal use only
                 highly probable of not being reversed. These amounts are paid by the Partnership when the amounts have been measured and agreed.
                 Income associated with development activities as part of a portfolio assessment is recognised on the same basis as outlined above in the
                 management income section.

                 Development income – fixed price development contracts
                 Certain development activities are assessed as being fixed price development contracts. This occurs when a signed contract exists,
                 either prior to the commencement of or during the development phase, to acquire a development asset from Goodman on completion.
                 Revenue and expenses relating to these development contracts are recognised in the income statement in proportion to the stage of
                 completion of the relevant contracts by reference to costs. The payments by the purchaser usually occur on completion of the
                 development once legal title has been transferred, but payments may be made during the development period on achievement of agreed
                 milestones. The development period can exceed 24 months for larger, more complex projects.

                 Net gain on disposal of investment properties
                 The disposal of an investment property is recognised at the point in time when control over the property has been transferred to the
                 purchaser.

                 Employee expenses
                 Wages, salaries and annual leave
                 Wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, and annual leave represent present obligations resulting from employees’ services
                 provided to the balance date. These are calculated at undiscounted amounts based on rates that are expected to be paid as at balance
                 date including related on-costs, such as insurances and payroll tax.

                 Bonuses
                 A liability is recognised in other payables and accruals for bonuses where there is a contractual obligation or where there is a past
                 practice that has created a constructive obligation. Liabilities for bonuses are measured at the amounts expected to be paid, including
                 related on-costs, when they are settled.

                 Superannuation
                 Defined contribution funds
                 Obligations for contributions to defined contribution funds are recognised as an expense as incurred.

                 Defined benefit retirement schemes
                 The net obligation in respect of defined benefit retirement schemes is recognised in the statement of financial position and is calculated
                 separately for each plan by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods,
                 discounting that amount and deducting the fair value of any plan assets. The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed
                 annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method. Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, which
                 comprise actuarial gains and losses and the return on plan assets (excluding interest), are recognised immediately in other
                 comprehensive income. Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit retirement schemes are recognised in the
                 income statement.




                                                                                                                                                           120
                                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Results for the year (continued)

                 Profit before income tax has been arrived at after crediting/(charging) the following items:

                                                                                                                               Goodman                                  GIT
                                                                                                                              2024              2023                 2024              2023
                                                                                                                                $M                $M                   $M                $M
                  Gross property income
                  Rental income                                                                                                96.4             110.4                  9.4              22.1
                  Recovery of property outgoings                                                                                9.7              12.4                  2.0               5.3
                  Gross property income                                                                                       106.1            122.8                   11.4            27.4
                  Management activities
                  Management services                                                                                         445.1           438.7                       -                -
                  Performance related income                                                                                  235.7             0.2                       -                -
                  Management income                                                                                          680.8            438.9                       -                -
                  Development activities
                  Income from disposal of inventories                                                                        644.4            706.9                       -             18.3




For personal use only
                  Income from fixed price development contracts                                                               157.8            231.9                      -                -
                  Other development income, including development management                                                  333.1           440.2                       -                -
                  Net (loss)/gain on disposal of assets held for sale                                                           (2.7)            4.3                   (2.7)             4.3
                  Net gain on disposal of special purpose development entities,
                  including JVs                                                                                                63.9               23.9                    -                 -
                  Development income                                                                                        1,196.5          1,407.2                   (2.7)           22.6
                  Inventory cost of sales                                                                                    (389.0)           (420.7)                    -              (6.7)
                  Other development expenses                                                                                  (142.7)           (186.0)                   -                 -
                  Development expenses                                                                                       (531.7)          (606.7)                     -             (6.7)
                  Disposal of controlled entities
                  Consideration received from disposal of controlled entities                                                 221.6                 -                     -                -
                  Transaction costs and carrying value of net assets disposed                                                  (13.6)               -                     -                -
                                                                     1
                  Net gain on disposal of controlled entities                                                                208.0                  -                     -                -
                  Employee expenses
                  Wages, salaries and on-costs                                                                               (265.6)          (265.7)                     -                -
                  Annual and long service leave                                                                                   1.1             2.1                     -                -
                  Superannuation costs                                                                                          (8.7)           (8.0)                     -                -
                  Employee expenses                                                                                         (273.2)           (271.6)                     -                -
                  Share based payments expense
                  Equity settled share based payments expense                                                                 (227.2)          (173.6)                    -                -
                  Cash settled share based payments expense                                                                  (222.6)            (85.7)                    -                -
                  Other share based payments related costs                                                                      (51.6)          (26.7)                    -                -
                  Share based payments expense                                                                               (501.4)         (286.0)                      -                -
                  Amortisation and depreciation                                                                                 (17.5)           (16.7)                   -                -

                 1.     Net gain on disposal of controlled entities included the disposal of the New Zealand operating business and derecognition of management rights on internalisation of
                        the management of GMT.




                                                                                                                                                                                               121
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Results for the year (continued)

                 2 Earnings per security

                 Basic earnings per security (EPS) of the Group is calculated by dividing the profit/loss attributable to the Securityholders by the weighted
                 average number of securities outstanding during the year. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit/loss attributable to the
                 Securityholders and weighted average number of securities outstanding for all dilutive potential securities, which comprise performance
                 rights issued under the LTIP.

                 Goodman
                                                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                                                        ¢                 ¢
                  Earnings per security
                  Basic (loss)/profit per security                                                                                    (5.2)             83.0
                  Diluted (loss)/profit per security                                                                                  (5.2)              81.3

                 Loss after tax of $98.9 million (2023: profit of $1,559.9 million) was used in calculating basic and diluted EPS.




For personal use only
                 The weighted average number of securities used in calculating basic and diluted EPS is set out below:

                                                                                                                                   2024                  2023
                                                                                                                              Number of            Number of
                                                                                                                               securities           securities
                  Weighted average number of securities used in calculating basic EPS                                     1,896,680,969         1,878,611,049
                  Effect of performance rights on issue                                                                                 -          40,542,511
                  Weighted average number of securities used in calculating diluted EPS                                  1,896,680,969        1,919,153,560

                 The calculation of EPS is not required for GIT.

                 Goodman Limited
                 Under Australian Accounting Standards, the issued units of the Trust and the CDIs over the shares of GLHK are presented as non-
                 controlling interests. As a consequence, the Directors are required to present basis EPS and diluted EPS based on Goodman Limited’s
                 consolidated result after tax but excluding the results attributable to the Trust and GLHK.

                                                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                                                        ¢                 ¢
                  Profit per Goodman Limited share
                  Basic profit per Goodman Limited share                                                                              21.1              15.3
                  Diluted profit per Goodman Limited share                                                                           20.7               15.0

                 Profit after tax of $401.1 million (2023: $288.2 million) was used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per Goodman Limited share.

                 The weighted average number of shares used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share is set out below:

                                                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                                                      Number of shares Number of shares
                  Weighted average number of shares used in calculating basic earnings per Company share                1,896,680,969     1,878,611,049
                  Effect of performance rights on issue                                                                     43,122,428       40,542,511
                  Weighted average number of shares used in calculating diluted earnings per Company
                  share                                                                                                  1,939,803,397        1,919,153,560




                                                                                                                                                            122
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Results for the year (continued)

                 3 Segment reporting

                 An operating segment is a component of Goodman that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur
                 expenses. Goodman reports the results and financial position of its operating segments based on the internal reports regularly reviewed
                 by the Group Chief Executive Officer in order to assess each segment’s performance and to allocate resources to them.

                 Operating segment information is reported on a geographic basis and Goodman has determined that its operating segments are
                 Australia and New Zealand (reported on a combined basis), Asia (Greater China (including the Hong Kong SAR) and Japan), Continental
                 Europe (with the majority of assets located in Germany, France, Spain and Netherlands), the United Kingdom and the Americas
                 (principally North America and including Brazil).

                 The activities and services undertaken by the operating segments include:

                 +      Property investment, through both direct ownership and cornerstone investments in Partnerships
                 +      Management activities, both investment and property management




For personal use only
                 +      Development activities, including development of directly owned assets (predominantly disclosed as inventories) and management
                        of development activities for Partnerships.

                 The segment results that are reported to the Group Chief Executive Officer are based on profit before net finance expense and income
                 tax expense, and also exclude non-cash items such as fair value adjustments and impairments, corporate expenses and share-based
                 remuneration. The assets allocated to each operating segment are the property assets, including the investments in Partnerships and
                 trade and other receivables associated with the operating activities, but exclude inter-entity funding, income tax receivables and
                 corporate assets. The liabilities allocated to each operating segment primarily relate to trade and other payables associated with the
                 operating activities, but exclude interest bearing liabilities, derivative financial instruments, provisions for distributions and corporate
                 liabilities.

                 The accounting policies used to report segment information are the same as those used to prepare the consolidated financial
                 statements of Goodman and GIT.

                 For the purpose of operating segment reporting, there are no material intersegment revenues and costs.

                 Information regarding the operations of each reportable segment is included on the following pages.




                                                                                                                                                            123
                                                                                                 Goodman Group

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Results for the year (continued)

                        Information about reportable segments
                                                    Australia and New
                        Goodman                          Zealand               Asia              Continental Europe      United Kingdom           Americas                 Total
                                                       2024        2023     2024         2023       2024        2023       2024       2023       2024      2023         2024         2023
                        Income statement                 $M          $M       $M           $M          $M         $M         $M         $M         $M        $M           $M           $M
                        External revenues
                        Gross property income          52.1       66.3        41.9       29.8         3.9       22.8        0.3       0.7         7.9        3.2        106.1        122.8
                        Management income             331.2       176.1      161.6      156.8       133.1       57.5        8.8       7.5        46.1       41.0      680.8          438.9
                        Development income            383.9      238.0      183.8       125.0       513.3      742.2        6.3      93.8       109.2      208.2      1,196.5      1,407.2

                        Total external revenues       767.2      480.4     387.3         311.6     650.3       822.5        15.4    102.0       163.2      252.4      1,983.4      1,968.9
                        Analysis of external
                        revenues

                        Revenue from contracts
                        with customers
                        Assets and services




For personal use only
                        transferred at a point in
                        time                          329.9       194.6     40.8         28.0       389.6      534.4           -      33.7         1.4          -       761.7        790.7
                        Assets and services
                        transferred over time          391.5      227.6    308.0        256.1       256.8      267.3        15.1      67.6      153.9      249.2      1,125.3      1,067.8
                        Other revenue
                        Rental income (excludes
                        outgoings recoveries)           45.8       58.2      38.5        27.5         3.9       20.8        0.3        0.7         7.9        3.2       96.4         110.4

                        Total external revenues       767.2      480.4     387.3         311.6     650.3       822.5        15.4    102.0       163.2      252.4      1,983.4      1,968.9
                        Reportable segment
                        profit before tax            1,197.7     869.5      516.2       310.3      376.4       392.7       20.2      172.1      275.3      343.7     2,385.8       2,088.3
                        Share of net results of
                        equity accounted
                        investments                    (39.3)     464.5    (137.3)       28.5           1.1    (100.1)     38.0      (117.6)   (658.8)      747.9     (796.3)      1,023.2
                        Material non-cash
                        items not included in
                        reportable segment
                        profit before tax
                        Net gain/(loss) from fair
                        value adjustments on
                        investment properties           43.9      279.3     (23.4)       (0.4)           -          -          -          -      (14.5)         -        6.0         278.9
                        Share of net gain/(loss)
                        from fair value
                        adjustments in equity
                        accounted investments         (184.3)     292.5    (366.2)      (52.2)      (50.5)     (146.2)      17.4    (152.5)    (827.3)     598.6     (1,410.9)      540.2
                                                    Australia and New
                                                         Zealand               Asia              Continental Europe      United Kingdom           Americas                Total
                                                       2024        2023     2024         2023       2024        2023       2024       2023       2024      2023         2024         2023
                        Statement of financial
                        position                          $M        $M         $M          $M          $M         $M         $M         $M         $M         $M          $M           $M
                        Reportable segment
                        assets                      9,056.6     9,070.8   4,501.4     4,592.0     2,486.4     2,634.4    1,075.4   1,049.5     4,952.1    5,350.3   22,071.9     22,697.0
                        Included in reportable
                        segment assets are:
                        Investment properties         780.7       882.5    526.8        451.7            -          -          -          -     470.8       310.6     1,778.3      1,644.8
                        Investments accounted
                        for using the equity
                        method                        7,311.9   6,666.0   3,052.3      3,231.5       917.2      964.6     613.6     586.6      4,189.3    4,825.4    16,084.3     16,274.1
                        Non-current assets           8,461.2    7,968.1   4,107.0     4,243.2     2,369.3     2,347.6     967.1     926.8      4,791.3    5,154.6   20,695.9     20,640.3
                        Additions to non-
                        current assets include:
                        – Investment properties        170.3       31.7      17.0        101.4           -          -          -          -      161.6     307.5       348.9        440.6
                        – Investments accounted
                        for using the equity
                        method                        842.4       974.6    289.9        213.2         14.7       15.6       13.1    138.0       160.4       167.6     1,320.5      1,509.0
                        Reportable segment
                        liabilities                   384.0      432.7     330.4       278.2         60.4       139.8       13.3     38.3       315.9      434.9      1,104.0      1,323.9




                                                                                                                                                                                        124
                                                                                               Goodman Group

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Results for the year (continued)

                                                             Australia and New
                        GIT                                      Zealand                 Asia                Continental Europe          Americas                 Total
                                                               2024         2023      2024          2023        2024        2023        2024      2023         2024           2023
                        Income statement                          $M          $M        $M            $M          $M          $M          $M        $M           $M             $M
                        External revenues
                        Gross property income                    11.4        27.4         -              -         -           -             -          -        11.4         27.4
                        Development income                       (2.7)      22.6          -              -         -           -             -          -        (2.7)        22.6
                        Distributions from investments              -           -         -              -       8.0        27.7             -          -        8.0          27.7
                        Total external revenues                  8.7        50.0          -              -       8.0        27.7             -          -       16.7          77.7
                        Analysis of external revenues
                        Revenue from contracts with
                        customers
                        Assets and services transferred at
                        a point in time                          (2.7)      22.6           -             -          -           -            -          -        (2.7)        22.6
                        Assets and services transferred
                        over time                                2.0          5.3          -             -          -           -            -          -        2.0           5.3
                        Other revenue
                        Rental income (excludes




For personal use only
                        outgoings recoveries)                    9.4         22.1         -              -         -           -             -          -        9.4           22.1
                        Distributions from investments             -           -          -              -       8.0        27.7             -          -        8.0          27.7
                        Total external revenues                  8.7        50.0          -              -       8.0        27.7             -          -       16.7          77.7
                        Reportable segment profit before
                        tax                                    175.6        175.1     38.4          33.7        48.6       63.9         147.5      126.9       410.1        399.6
                        Share of net results of equity
                        accounted investments                   84.9       488.3        5.3         (39.8)       (0.5)     (90.2)      (634.8)     720.8       (545.1)      1,079.1
                        Material non-cash items not
                        included in reportable segment
                        profit before tax
                        Net gain from fair value
                        adjustments on investment
                        properties                              44.4       229.0           -             -          -           -            -          -       44.4        229.0
                        Share of net (loss)/gain from fair
                        value adjustments in equity
                        accounted investments                   (59.2)      345.3     (36.7)        (76.3)      (37.4)      (122.1)     (797.3)    577.0      (930.6)        723.9
                                                             Australia and New
                                                                  Zealand                 Asia               Continental Europe           Americas                 Total
                                                                2024         2023      2024       2023          2024        2023         2024       2023       2024          2023
                        Statement of financial position            $M          $M        $M         $M            $M          $M           $M         $M         $M            $M
                        Reportable segment assets             6,717.5    6,795.3    1,767.2    1,739.9         766.9        801.7     4,539.7    4,693.3    13,791.3     14,030.2
                        Included in reportable segment
                        Investment properties                   115.6      234.4          -              -          -           -       470.8           -      586.4         234.4
                        Investments accounted for using
                        the equity method                     6,518.7     5,826.0    1,767.2       1,739.9     745.0       795.2      4,038.0     4,651.2    13,068.9      13,012.3
                        Non-current assets                   6,634.3     6,060.4    1,767.2       1,739.9      766.2       801.0      4,508.8     4,651.2   13,676.5      13,252.5
                        Additions to non-current assets
                        include:
                        – Investment properties                154.6         25.7         -              -          -           -       476.3           -     630.9           25.7
                        – Investments accounted for using
                        the equity method                       737.3      756.2       59.5          31.0           -           -       154.6       161.6      951.4        948.8
                        Reportable segment liabilities         272.5       346.2          -             -           -           -      270.6       376.5       543.1        722.7




                                                                                                                                                                                 125
                                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Results for the year (continued)

                 Reconciliation of reportable segment revenues, profit or loss, assets and liabilities

                                                                                                                               Goodman                                   GIT
                                                                                                                              2024              2023                  2024             2023
                                                                                                              Note              $M                $M                    $M               $M
                  Revenues
                  Total revenues for reportable segments                                                                    1,983.4          1,968.9                    16.7            77.7
                  Consolidated revenues                                                                                    1,983.4          1,968.9                    16.7             77.7
                  Profit or loss
                  Total profit before tax for reportable segments
                  Property investment earnings                                                                                567.1              531.4               412.7            400.2
                  Management earnings                                                                                        776.4             480.6                     -                 -
                                         1
                  Development earnings                                                                                     1,276.8             1,301.2                   -                 -
                  Operating expenses allocated to reportable segments                                                       (234.5)            (224.9)                (2.6)             (0.6)
                  Reportable segment profit before tax                                                                    2,385.8           2,088.3                  410.1            399.6




For personal use only
                  Corporate expenses not allocated to reportable segments                                                    (148.2)            (147.6)              (47.7)            (73.9)
                                                                                                                          2,237.6            1,940.7                362.4             325.7
                  Valuation and other items not included in reportable segment profit
                  before tax:
                  – Net gain from fair value adjustments on investment properties                              5(e)             6.0            278.9                  44.4            229.0
                  – Share of fair value adjustments attributable to investment
                  properties in Partnerships                                                              5(f)(i),(ii)     (1,410.4)           544.7                (928.3)            716.5
                  – Share of fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments
                  in Partnerships                                                                         5(f)(i),(ii)         (0.5)             (4.5)                 (2.3)              7.4
                  – Share based payments expense                                                                     1       (501.4)          (286.0)                     -                 -
                  – Straight lining of rental income and tax deferred adjustments                                             (43.5)            14.9                   (8.0)             15.6
                  – Realisation of prior years' property valuation gains, net of
                                 1
                  deferred tax                                                                                              (322.3)             (511.8)                  -                 -
                  (Loss)/profit before interest and tax                                                                      (34.5)          1,976.9                (531.8)         1,294.2
                  Net finance (expense)/income                                                                    14          (22.5)          (234.8)                  8.5              (57.1)
                  Consolidated (loss)/profit before income tax                                                               (57.0)          1,742.1               (523.3)           1,237.1
                  Assets
                  Assets for reportable segments                                                                          22,071.9        22,697.0                 13,791.3        14,030.2
                  Cash                                                                                                     1,092.9           590.0                   937.0            448.6
                  Other unallocated amounts2                                                                                 663.3           740.2                2,770.4           3,660.2
                  Consolidated total assets                                                                              23,828.1         24,027.2               17,498.7          18,139.0
                  Liabilities
                  Liabilities for reportable segments                                                                       1,104.0          1,323.9                 543.1             722.7
                  Interest bearing liabilities                                                                             3,686.7          3,292.9               3,432.5            2,982.8
                  Provisions for dividends/distributions to Securityholders                                       18          284.9            282.5                208.9              188.4
                  Other unallocated amounts2                                                                                 1,214.6           1,103.1              783.0            1,048.7
                  Consolidated total liabilities                                                                          6,290.2          6,002.4                4,967.5           4,942.6

                 1.     Realisation of prior years' property valuation gains, net of deferred tax is a non-IFRS measure and relates to the Group’s share of realised valuation gains on
                        repositioned properties (both directly and indirectly owned) that have transacted during the year. During FY24, $322.3 million of these realised valuation gains have
                        been included in development earnings and as at 30 June 2024, the Group’s share of unrealised valuation gains since the repositioning activities commenced was
                        $4.4 million (30 June 2023: $271.3 million). Refer to page 22 of the Directors report for further details.
                 1.     Other unallocated amounts in Goodman and GIT included other financial assets and liabilities, deferred tax assets, tax payables and provisions which did not relate to
                        the reportable segments. Additionally, other unallocated assets and liabilities in GIT included loans due from/to controlled entities of Goodman.




                                                                                                                                                                                            126
                                                                                   Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Results for the year (continued)

                 4 Taxation

                 Income tax for the period comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax and movements in
                 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in the income statement except to the extent that they relate to items recognised
                 directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts of tax are recognised directly in equity.

                 Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the financial year and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of
                 previous financial years.

                 Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
                 reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The following temporary differences are not accounted for:

                 +      Goodwill
                 +      The initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit
                 +      Differences relating to investments in controlled entities to the extent that they will probably not reverse in the foreseeable future.




For personal use only
                 The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and
                 liabilities. Deferred tax assets or liabilities in respect of investment properties held at fair value are calculated on the presumption that the
                 carrying amount of the investment property will be recovered through sale. A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that it is
                 probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reduced to the extent
                 that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.

                 Additional income taxes that arise from dividends/distributions are recognised at the same time as the liability to pay the related
                 dividends/distributions.

                 Pillar Two minimum tax regime

                 Many countries have either adopted or have indicated that they are going to adopt the OECD Pillar Two minimum tax regime, which has
                 the objective of requiring a minimum effective corporate tax rate of 15% for large multinational enterprises. On 21 March 2024, the
                 Australian Treasury released draft legislation for the implementation of the OECD’s Pillar Two minimum tax regime in Australia,
                 confirming that a global and domestic minimum tax rate of 15% will apply in Australia with effect from 1 January 2024. Whilst at 30 June
                 2024 the measure has not yet been enacted in Australia, similar legislation has been enacted in Japan, parts of Continental Europe and
                 the United Kingdom, which are countries in which the Group has operations.

                 This new (enacted or proposed) legislation has been incorporated in the assessment of income tax as at 30 June 2024 and there have
                 been no material impacts. The Group will continue to review the impacts of any proposed changes but does not anticipate that the
                 legislation will have a material impact on the Group’s results.

                 In the current and prior year, the Group has applied the temporary mandatory exception, under Australian accounting standards, from
                 deferred tax accounting for any top-up tax arising from the legislation to adopt the OECD’s Pillar Two minimum tax regime.




                                                                                                                                                                  127
                                                                             Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Results for the year (continued)

                 (a) Amounts recognised in the income statement

                                                                                                    Goodman                               GIT
                                                                                                   2024           2023              2024          2023
                                                                                                     $M             $M                $M            $M
                  Current tax expense recognised in the income statement
                  Current year                                                                     (170.6)         (141.8)            (3.8)            (2.9)
                  Changes in estimates related to prior years                                         4.6            7.2                 -                -
                  Current tax expense                                                             (166.0)        (134.6)             (3.8)            (2.9)

                  Deferred tax credit/(expense) recognised in the income statement
                  Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                 124.1          (47.6)            110.0         (96.2)
                  Deferred tax credit/(expense)                                                    124.1          (47.6)            110.0         (96.2)
                  Total income tax (expense)/credit recognised in the income statement             (41.9)        (182.2)           106.2           (99.1)




For personal use only
                 (b) Reconciliation of profit before income tax to income tax expense

                                                                                                                                    Goodman
                                                                                                                                   2024       2023
                                                                                                                                      $M        $M
                  Profit before income tax                                                                                         (57.0)   1,742.1
                  Prima facie income tax expense calculated at 30% (2022: 30%) on the profit before income tax                       17.1   (522.6)
                  Decrease/(increase) in income tax expense due to:
                  – (Loss)/profit attributable to GIT Unitholders                                                                  (166.3)        333.0
                  – Current year losses for which no deferred tax asset was recognised                                               (25.9)          (8.8)
                  – Other (non-deductible)/non-assessable items, net                                                                (66.0)          (61.0)
                  – Benefit of previously unrecognised temporary differences, including tax losses                                    84.7         128.3
                  – Difference in overseas tax rates                                                                                  19.0           50.1
                  – Changes in estimates related to prior years                                                                        4.6            7.2
                  – Taxes on Partnership income                                                                                      94.3         (108.6)
                  – Other items                                                                                                        (3.4)          0.2
                  Income tax expense                                                                                                 (41.9)      (182.2)

                 GIT
                 The income tax expense recorded by GIT relates to withholding taxes on actual distributions and deferred taxes on potential future
                 distributions from Partnerships. Refer to note 4(e).

                 (c) Current tax receivables/payables

                                                                                                                                   2024           2023
                                                                                                                                     $M             $M
                  Net income tax payable
                  Net income tax payable at the beginning of the year                                                              (158.3)        (169.5)
                  Decrease/(increase) in current tax payable due to:
                  – Net income taxes paid                                                                                           124.6           164.1
                  – Current tax expense                                                                                            (166.0)        (134.6)
                  – Other                                                                                                              3.1           (18.3)
                  Net income tax payable at the end of the year                                                                   (196.6)        (158.3)

                  Current tax receivables (refer to note 6)                                                                          21.2            11.9
                  Current tax payables                                                                                             (217.8)        (170.2)
                                                                                                                                  (196.6)        (158.3)




                                                                                                                                                         128
                                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Results for the year (continued)

                 (d) Deferred tax assets and liabilities

                 Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) are attributable to the following:

                                                                                                                                                 Goodman
                                                                                                                                  2024          2023       2024            2023
                                                                                                                                  Deferred tax assets    Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                                                                     $M           $M         $M               $M
                                               1
                  Investment properties                                                                                               -             -     (391.2)        (493.6)
                  LTIP                                                                                                           104.9           68.8          -               -
                  Other items                                                                                                     30.5          20.4       (20.7)           (9.9)
                  Tax assets/(liabilities)                                                                                       135.4          89.2      (411.9)       (503.5)
                  Set off of tax                                                                                                   (76.1)       (45.3)      76.1           45.3
                  Net tax assets/(liabilities)                                                                                    59.3          43.9     (335.8)        (458.2)




For personal use only
                 1.     Including withholding tax on potential future distributions from the disposal of investment properties by Partnerships.

                 Movements in deferred taxes recognised in expenses and equity are attributable to the following:

                                                                                                                                                              Goodman
                                                                                                                                                             2024          2023
                                                                                                                                                               $M            $M
                  Deferred tax benefit/(expense) recognised in expenses
                  Investment properties - fair value adjustments                                                                                              131.4         (47.7)
                  LTIP                                                                                                                                        25.9          28.9
                  Other items                                                                                                                                (33.2)         (28.8)
                  Total deferred tax benefit/(expense) recognised in expenses                                                                                124.1         (47.6)
                  Deferred tax benefit recognised in equity
                  LTIP                                                                                                                                        10.3          0.6
                  Total deferred tax benefit recognised in equity                                                                                            10.3           0.6
                  Total deferred tax movements recognised in expenses and equity                                                                            134.4         (47.0)

                 Deferred tax assets of $269.9 million (2023: $281.8 million) arising primarily from tax losses (revenue and capital in nature) and
                 deductions associated with the LTIP have not been recognised by Goodman.

                 GIT
                 At 30 June 2024, deferred tax liabilities of $266.6 million (2023: $375.0 million) have been recognised in relation to withholding tax on
                 potential future distributions from the disposal of investment properties by Partnerships.

                 (e) Taxation of GIT

                 Under current Australian income tax legislation, the Trust is not liable for income tax, including capital gains tax, provided that
                 Securityholders are presently entitled to the distributable income of the Trust as calculated for trust law purposes. The controlled entities
                 of the Trust that operate in certain foreign jurisdictions are liable to pay tax in those jurisdictions.




                                                                                                                                                                               129
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 (continued)

                 OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES


                    The notes in this section focus on Goodman’s property assets, working capital and goodwill and intangible assets.


                 5 Property assets

                 (a) Principles and policies
                 Investment in property assets includes both inventories and investment properties (including those under development), which may be
                 held either directly or through investments in Partnerships (both associates and JVs).

                 Inventories
                 Inventories relate to land and property developments that are held for sale or development and sale in the normal course of the Group’s
                 business. Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net realisable value. The calculation of net realisable value requires estimates and




For personal use only
                 assumptions which are regularly evaluated and are based on historical experience and expectations of future events that are believed to
                 be reasonable under the circumstances.

                 Inventories are classified as non-current assets unless they are contracted to be sold within 12 months of the end of the reporting period,
                 in which case they are classified as current assets.

                 Investment properties
                 Investment properties comprise investment interests in land and buildings held for the purpose of leasing to produce rental income
                 and/or for capital appreciation. Investment properties are carried at fair value. The calculation of fair value requires estimates and
                 assumptions which are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and expectations of future events that are believed
                 to be reasonable under the circumstances. Investment properties are not depreciated as they are subject to continual maintenance and
                 regularly revalued on the basis described below. Changes in the fair value of investment properties are recognised directly in the income
                 statement.

                 Components of investment properties
                 Land and buildings (including integral plant and equipment) comprising investment properties are regarded as composite assets and are
                 disclosed as such in the consolidated financial report.
                 Investment property carrying values include the costs of acquiring the assets and subsequent costs of development, including costs of all
                 labour and materials used in construction, costs of managing the projects, holding costs and borrowing costs incurred during the
                 development periods.
                 Amounts provided to customers as lease incentives and assets relating to fixed rental income increases in operating lease contracts are
                 included within investment property values. Lease incentives are amortised over the term of the lease on a straight-line basis. Direct
                 expenditure associated with leasing a property is also capitalised within investment property values and amortised over the term of the
                 lease.

                 Classification of investment properties
                 Investment properties are classified as either properties under development or stabilised properties. Investment properties under
                 development include land, new investment properties in the course of construction and investment properties that are being
                 redeveloped. Stabilised investment properties are all investment properties not classed as being under development and would be
                 completed properties that are leased or are available for lease to customers.

                 For investment properties under development, the carrying values are reviewed by management at each reporting date to consider
                 whether they reflect the fair value and at completion external valuations are obtained to determine the fair values.

                 For stabilised investment properties, independent valuations are obtained at least every two years to determine the fair values. At each
                 reporting date between obtaining independent valuations, the carrying values are reviewed by management to ensure they reflect the fair
                 values.

                 Deposits for investment properties
                 Deposits and other costs associated with acquiring investment properties that are incurred prior to obtaining legal title are recorded at
                 cost and disclosed as other receivables in the statement of financial position.


                                                                                                                                                             130
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 (b) Summary of investment in property assets

                                                                                                    Goodman                               GIT
                                                                                                   2024            2023                2024            2023
                                                                                   Note              $M              $M                  $M              $M
                  Inventories
                  Land and development properties - current                         5(d)           434.4          464.2                    -                -
                  Land and development properties - non-current                     5(d)         1,924.5          1,781.3                  -                -
                                                                                                2,358.9         2,245.5                    -                -
                  Assets held for sale
                  Investment properties included in assets held for sale                8          25.7           515.3                25.7            515.3
                                                                                                   25.7           515.3                25.7            515.3
                  Investment properties
                  Stabilised investment properties                                                1,179.4         1,125.3              115.7           25.2
                  Investment properties under development                                         598.9             519.5             470.7           209.2




For personal use only
                                                                                    5(e)        1,778.3         1,644.8               586.4           234.4
                  Investments accounted for using the equity method
                  Associates                                                      5(f)(i)       8,418.5          8,315.4              7,521.8         7,291.9
                  JVs                                                             5(f)(ii)     7,679.5          7,969.8               5,547.1        5,720.4
                                                                                             16,098.0          16,285.2            13,068.9         13,012.3
                  Total property assets                                                      20,260.9         20,690.8              13,681.0       13,762.0

                 (c) Estimates and assumptions in determining property carrying values

                 Inventories
                 For both inventories held directly and inventories held in Partnerships, external valuations are not performed but instead valuations are
                 determined using the feasibility studies supporting the land and property developments. The end values of the developments in the
                 feasibility studies are based on assumptions such as capitalisation rates, letting up periods, rental income and incentives that are
                 consistent with those observed in the relevant market. If the feasibility study calculations indicate that the forecast cost of a completed
                 development will exceed the net realisable value, then the inventories are impaired.

                 Investment properties
                 Stabilised investment properties
                 The fair value of stabilised investment properties is based on current prices in an active market for similar properties in the same location
                 and condition and subject to similar lease and other contracts. The current price is the estimated amount for which a property could be
                 exchanged between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm’s length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each
                 acted knowledgably, prudently and without compulsion.




                                                                                                                                                            131
                                                                                   Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 Approach to determination of fair value
                 The approach to determination of fair value of investment properties is applied to both investment properties held directly and
                 investment properties held in Partnerships.

                 Valuations are determined based on assessments and estimates of uncertain future events, including upturns and downturns in property
                 markets and availability of similar properties, vacancy rates, market rents and capitalisation and discount rates. Recent and relevant
                 sales evidence and other market data are taken into account. Valuations are either based on an external independent valuation or on an
                 internal valuation.

                 External valuations are undertaken only where market segments were observed to be active. In making the determination of whether a
                 market segment is active, the following characteristics are considered:

                 +      Function of the asset (distribution/warehouse or suburban office)
                 +      Location of asset (city, suburb or regional area)
                 +      Carrying value of the asset (categorised by likely appeal to private (including syndicates), national and/or institutional investors)




For personal use only
                 +      Categorisation as primary or secondary based on a combination of location, weighted average lease expiry, quality of tenant
                        covenant (internal assessment based on available market evidence) and age of construction.

                 Each property asset is assessed and grouped with assets in the same or similar market segments. Information on all relevant recent sales
                 is also analysed using the same criteria to provide a comparative set. The number of sales and the circumstances of each sale are
                 assessed to determine whether a market segment is active or inactive.

                 Where a market segment is observed to be active, then external independent valuations are instructed for stabilised investment
                 properties where there has been a combination of factors that are likely to have resulted in a material movement in valuation. The
                 considerations include a greater than 10% movement in market rents, more than a 25 basis point movement in capitalisation rates, a
                 material change in tenancy profile (including changes in the creditworthiness of a significant customer that may have a material impact
                 on the property valuation), significant capital expenditure, a change in use (or zoning), a development has reached
                 completion/stabilisation of the asset or it has been two years since the previous external independent valuation. For all other stabilised
                 investment properties in an active market segment, an internal valuation is performed based on observable capitalisation rates and
                 referenced to independent market data.

                 Where a market segment is observed to be inactive, then no external independent valuations are performed and internal valuations are
                 undertaken based on discounted cash flow (DCF) calculations. The DCF calculations are prepared over a 10-year period. The key inputs
                 considered for each individual calculation are:

                 +      Current contractual lease terms
                 +      Current market rents
                 +      Projected growth in market rents
                 +      Expected and likely capital expenditures
                 +      Projected letting up incentives provided to customers and vacant time on expiry of leases
                 +      Discount rates – computed using the 10 year bond rate or equivalent in each jurisdiction plus increments to reflect country risk,
                        tenant credit risk and industry risk. Where possible, the components of the discount rate are benchmarked to available market data.




                                                                                                                                                                132
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 Market assessment
                 With the more volatile economic conditions in FY24 compared to prior years, there have been fewer transactions of industrial, logistics
                 and warehousing properties during the year. Nevertheless, at 30 June 2024, the Board has been able to assess that all markets in which
                 the Group operated were active and as a consequence no adjustments have been made to the carrying values of the Group’s stabilised
                 investment property portfolios on the basis of internally prepared discounted cash flow valuations.

                 The overall weighted average capitalisation rates for the divisional portfolios (including Partnerships) are as set out in the table below:

                                                                                                   Total portfolio weighted average capitalisation rate
                                                                                                      Goodman                              GIT
                                                                                                     2024            2023             2024             2023
                  Division                                                                                %              %                %               %
                  Australia and New Zealand                                                            5.2             4.4               5.1            4.3
                  Asia                                                                                 4.8             4.4              4.5              4.1
                  Continental Europe                                                                     5.1           4.5                -             4.5




For personal use only
                  United Kingdom                                                                       5.3             4.9                -               -
                  Americas                                                                             5.8             4.7              5.8             4.6

                 In respect of the Group’s and GIT’s directly held stabilised investment properties at 30 June 2024, 68% (2023: 72%) and 100% (2023:
                 100%), respectively, had been valued by an external independent valuer during the financial year. All independent valuers used by the
                 Group are required to hold a recognised and relevant professional qualification and have recent experience in the location and category
                 of the investment properties being valued.

                 For the Partnerships, all stabilised properties were valued by an external independent valuer during the financial year.

                 Sensitivity analysis
                 The fair value measurement approach for directly held investment properties has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value based on the
                 inputs to the valuation method used. The usual valuation methods are either based on income capitalisation or market comparison.
                 Where the income capitalisation method is adopted, then the stabilised investment property valuations at 30 June 2024 are most
                 sensitive to the following inputs:

                 +      Capitalisation rates
                 +      Market rents
                 +      Incentives provided to customers and/or vacant time on expiry of leases.

                 The directly held stabilised investment properties are in Australia and Asia and the Americas. The range of market rents and average
                 capitalisation rate and range of prices are summarised in the table below:
                  Valuation technique               Significant unobservable inputs                                              2024               2023
                  Income capitalisation             Range of net market rents (per square metre per annum)                $110 to $477      $110 to $450
                                                    Average capitalisation rate                                                   5.0%               4.5%
                  Market comparison                 Price per square metre                                             $1,851 to $8,951 $1,851 to $21,218




                                                                                                                                                               133
                                                                                              Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 The impacts on the Group’s financial position that would arise from the changes in capitalisation rates, market rents and incentives/re-
                 leasing time are set out in the table below. This illustrates the impacts on Goodman in respect of both the directly held stabilised
                 investment properties and its share of those stabilised investment properties held by Partnerships.

                                                                                                          Goodman                                 GIT
                                                                                               Valuation impact for the Group         Valuation impact for GIT
                                                                                                 Directly held                        Directly held
                                                                                                   properties      Partnerships1        properties    Partnerships1
                                                                                                           $M                 $M                $M               $M
                  Book value at 30 June 2024                                                           1,179.3           18,387.1             77.0         14,896.6

                  Changes in capitalisation rates
                   Increase in cap rates +50 bps                                                        (111.2)         (1,607.7)            (7.3)        (1,306.9)
                   Increase in cap rates +25 bps                                                       (58.4)               (841.1)          (3.9)           (683.7)
                   Decrease in cap rates -25 bps                                                        65.0                927.2              4.3             753.4




For personal use only
                   Decrease in cap rates -50 bps                                                        137.7             1,954.8              9.1           1,587.9
                  Changes in market rents
                   Decrease in rents -10%                                                              (47.6)             (823.1)            (3.4)          (676.8)
                   Decrease in rents -5%                                                               (23.8)              (411.6)            (1.7)         (338.4)
                   Increase in rents +5%                                                                 23.8               411.6               1.7           338.4
                   Increase in rents +10%                                                               47.6                823.1              3.4            676.8
                                                                 2
                  Changes in incentives/re-leasing time
                   Increase in incentives/ re-leasing time +3 months                                      (5.1)           (56.9)            (0.2)            (45.0)
                   Increase in incentives/ re-leasing time +6 months                                    (10.3)            (113.8)           (0.5)            (89.9)
                 1.     Goodman’s share of stabilised investment properties held by Partnerships.
                 2.     On assumed lease expiries over the next 12 months.

                 Investment properties under development

                 For the directly held investment properties under development, external independent valuations are generally not performed, but instead
                 valuations are determined at each reporting date using the feasibility assessments supporting the developments. The end values of the
                 developments in the feasibility assessments are based on assumptions such as capitalisation rates, market rents, incentives provided to
                 customers and vacant time that are consistent with those observed in the relevant market adjusted for a profit and risk factor. This profit
                 and risk factor is dependent on the function, location, size and current status of the development and are generally in a market range of
                 10% to 15%; although for larger more complex projects that are at an early stage of the development, the profit and risk factor could be
                 higher. This adjusted end value is then compared to the forecast cost of a completed development to determine whether there is an
                 increase or decrease in value.

                 In respect of the Partnerships, certain Partnerships obtain external independent valuations of investment properties under development
                 at reporting dates. However, the majority determine the fair values at reporting dates by reference to the feasibility assessments, with
                 external independent valuations obtained when the properties have been stabilised.




                                                                                                                                                                  134
                                                                                  Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 (d) Inventories
                                                                                                          Goodman                              GIT
                                                                                                         2024            2023               2024           2023
                                                                                                           $M              $M                 $M             $M
                  Current
                  Land and development properties                                                       434.4           464.2                   -                -
                                                                                                        434.4           464.2                   -                -
                  Non-current
                  Land and development properties                                                       1,924.5         1,781.3                 -                -
                                                                                                       1,924.5         1,781.3                  -                -

                 Goodman
                 During the current and prior financial year, no impairment losses were recognised on land and development properties.

                 During the financial year, borrowing costs of $7.1 million (2023: $5.1 million) previously capitalised into the carrying value of inventories




For personal use only
                 were expensed to the income statement on disposal of the inventories.

                 (e) Investment properties

                 Reconciliation of carrying amount of directly held investment properties

                                                                                                          Goodman                               GIT
                                                                                                         2024         2023                  2024            2023
                                                                                                           $M            $M                   $M              $M
                  Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                       1,644.8       1,423.7                234.4           495.3
                  Acquisitions                                                                          280.1        407.1                594.5                 -
                  Capital expenditure                                                                     88.1        33.5                  40.6            25.4
                  Carrying value of properties disposed                                                   (2.0)        (0.2)                 (2.0)              -
                  On disposal of interests in controlled entities                                       (291.7)           -                (291.7)              -
                  Transfers to assets held for sale                                                      (25.7)      (515.3)                (25.7)         (515.3)
                  Transfers from inventories                                                              81.9            -                     -               -
                  Net gain from fair value adjustments                                                    6.0        278.9                  44.4          229.0
                  Effect of foreign currency translation                                                  (3.2)         17.1                  (8.1)             -
                  Carrying amount at the end of the year                                             1,778.3      1,644.8                 586.4           234.4
                  Analysed by segment:
                  Australia and New Zealand                                                            780.7           882.5               115.6          234.4
                  Asia                                                                                 526.8            451.7             470.8               -
                  Americas                                                                             470.8            310.6                  -              -
                                                                                                     1,778.3         1,644.8              586.4           234.4




                                                                                                                                                                 135
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 Non-cancellable operating lease commitments receivable from investment property customers
                 The analysis in the table below reflects the gross property income, excluding recoverable outgoings, based on existing lease agreements.
                 It assumes that leases will not extend beyond the next review date, where the customer has an option to end the lease.

                                                                                                      Goodman                              GIT
                                                                                                     2024           2023                2024             2023
                                                                                                       $M             $M                  $M               $M
                  Non-cancellable operating lease commitments receivable:
                  Less than one year                                                                 45.6            58.3                5.3                17.3
                  One to two years                                                                   36.4            51.0                4.7                 17.1
                  Two to three years                                                                 22.9            42.6                4.3               14.6
                  Three to four years                                                                 14.9           29.6                4.3               12.5
                  Four to five years                                                                   7.3           22.8                  -                 11.4
                  More than five years                                                               20.4           137.4                  -              54.6
                                                                                                    147.5           341.7               18.6             127.5




For personal use only
                 (f)    Investments accounted for using the equity method

                 Investments accounted for using the equity method comprise associates and JVs, which are collectively referred to as Partnerships.

                 Associates
                 An associate is an entity in which Goodman exercises significant influence but not control over its financial and operating policies.

                 JVs
                 A JV is an arrangement in which Goodman is considered to have joint control for accounting purposes, whereby Goodman has rights to
                 the net assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.

                 In the consolidated financial statements, investments in Partnerships are accounted for using the equity method. Under this method,
                 Goodman’s investment is initially recognised at cost. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements include
                 Goodman’s share of the gains or losses and other comprehensive income of Partnerships until the date on which significant influence or
                 joint control ceases.




                                                                                                                                                               136
                                                                                                    Goodman Group

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                        (i)    Investments in associates

                        Investments in Partnerships classified as associates are set out below:

                                                                                                                           Share of net           Ownership            Investment carrying
                                                                                                                             results                interest                 amount
                                                                                         Country of                        2024      2023         2024       2023          2024       2023
                        Name of associate                                                establishment                       $M         $M            %         %            $M          $M
                        Goodman
                        Property investment
                        Goodman Australia Industrial Partnership (GAIP)                  Australia                          55.5      300.7       29.0        28.6      3,468.9        3,453.6
                        Goodman Australia Partnership (GAP)                              Australia                          41.6       106.8       19.9        19.9       1,152.8        1,133.6
                        Goodman Property Trust (GMT)1                                    New Zealand                      (155.8)       (29.5)     31.8       25.2         899.5          797.9
                        Goodman Hong Kong Logistics Partnership (GHKLP)                  Cayman Islands                      5.3        (39.8)    20.6        20.4       1,767.2        1,739.9
                        Goodman Japan Core Partnership (GJCP)2                           Japan                              31.6         32.7     14.0         14.4        384.9         394.9




For personal use only
                        Goodman European Partnership (GEP)                               Luxembourg                         (0.5)      (90.2)      19.8        19.8        745.0          795.2
                        Other associates                                                                                       -         (0.6)                                0.2            0.3
                                                                                                                           (22.3)     280.1                             8,418.5        8,315.4
                        GIT
                        Property investment
                        GAIP                                                             Australia                          55.5      300.7       29.0        28.6      3,468.9        3,453.6
                        GAP                                                              Australia                          41.6       106.8       19.9        19.9       1,152.8        1,133.6
                        GMT1                                                             New Zealand                       (39.7)        (6.2)     13.7         5.4        387.9          169.6
                        GHKLP                                                            Cayman Islands                      5.3        (39.8)    20.6        20.4       1,767.2        1,739.9
                        GEP                                                              Luxembourg                         (0.5)      (90.2)      19.8        19.8        745.0          795.2
                                                                                                                            62.2      271.3                              7,521.8       7,291.9

                        1.    GMT is listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange (NZX). At 30 June 2024, the market value of Goodman’s investment in GMT using the quoted price on the last
                              day of trading was $897.7 million (2023: $721.7 million), which compared to the carrying value of $899.5 million. Goodman does not consider its investment
                              impaired as the carrying value is equal to its share of GMT’s net assets and is supported by independent valuations of the individual investment properties in GMT.
                              GIT has a 13.7% ownership interest in GMT, which forms part of Goodman’s 31.8% ownership interest in GMT. As a result, the Directors have assessed that GIT
                              also has significant influence over GMT and has applied the equity method of accounting for its 13.7 % interest.
                        2.    Goodman’s ownership interest in GJCP reflected the weighted average ownership interest in the various property investment vehicles.




                                                                                                                                                                                              137
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 The reconciliation of the carrying amount of investments in Partnerships classified as associates is set out as follows:


                                                                                                      Goodman                                GIT
                                                                                                     2024        2023                   2024          2023
                  Movement in carrying amount of investments in associates                             $M          $M                     $M            $M
                  Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                     8,315.4    7,850.7                 7,291.9      6,814.4
                  Share of net results after tax (before fair value adjustments)                     201.8      230.3                   197.9        194.9
                  Share of fair value adjustments attributable to investment properties
                  after tax                                                                         (222.3)           47.1             (134.2)          71.8
                  Share of fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                   (1.8)          2.7                 (1.5)        4.6
                  Share of net results                                                                (22.3)        280.1                62.2         271.3
                  Share of movements in reserves                                                       (6.9)          2.4                 (6.9)         2.4
                  Acquisitions                                                                       419.0          261.6             368.0          255.6
                  Distributions received and receivable                                             (226.5)         (210.1)            (180.2)        (181.8)




For personal use only
                  Effect of foreign currency translation                                             (60.2)         130.7                (13.2)      130.0
                  Carrying amount at the end of the year                                           8,418.5        8,315.4            7,521.8       7,291.9




                                                                                                                                                          138
                                                                                                   Goodman Group

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                        The table below includes further information regarding Partnerships classified as associates, held at the end of the financial year:

                                                                                                          GAIP                              GAP                             GMT
                                                                                                       2024              2023            2024            2023            2024            2023
                                                                                                         $M                $M              $M              $M              $M              $M
                         Summarised statement of financial position
                         Total current assets                                                           158.0          923.5              60.9            38.4            40.2              13.8
                         Total non-current assets                                                  14,709.0          13,872.8         7,140.0          7,012.5        4,268.7         4,508.6
                         Total current liabilities                                                     338.3           454.4              113.3          126.5          340.3              131.3
                         Total non-current liabilities                                              2,630.0          2,349.4           1,355.5        1,290.6           1,137.6         1,223.1
                         Net assets (100%)                                                          11,898.7        11,992.5          5,732.1        5,633.8          2,831.0         3,168.0
                         Summarised statement of comprehensive income
                         Revenue                                                                       557.3            523.9           347.1          320.5             187.9             117.7
                         Profit/(loss) after tax and revaluations                                       192.0         1,050.2          209.0           536.4            (522.6)           (117.7)




For personal use only
                         Other comprehensive income                                                         -               -              -               -                 -                 -
                         Total comprehensive income/(loss) (100%)                                      192.0         1,050.2           209.0           536.4           (522.6)           (117.7)
                         Goodman
                         Consolidated ownership interest                                             29.0%              28.6%            19.9%            19.9%         31.8%            25.2%
                         Consolidated share of net assets                                          3,448.2            3,434.7           1,141.3          1,121.7       899.5            797.9
                         Other items, including capitalised costs                                        -                   -                 -               -            -                -
                                                   1
                         Distributions receivable                                                     20.7                18.9              11.5            11.9            -                -
                         Carrying amount of investment                                             3,468.9           3,453.6          1,152.8         1,133.6          899.5            797.9
                         Distributions received and receivable                                        80.3               73.3            22.5              33.1         22.2              19.0
                         GIT
                         Consolidated ownership interest                                             29.0%              28.6%            19.9%            19.9%          13.7%            5.4%
                         Consolidated share of net assets                                          3,448.2            3,434.7           1,141.3          1,121.7        387.9            170.1
                         Other items, including capitalised costs                                        -                   -                 -               -             -            (0.5)
                                                   1
                         Distributions receivable                                                     20.7                18.9              11.5            11.9             -               -
                         Carrying amount of investment                                             3,468.9           3,453.6          1,152.8         1,133.6           387.9           169.6
                         Distributions received and receivable                                        80.3               73.3            22.5              33.1           6.3             4.0

                        1.   Distributions receivable related to distributions provided for but not paid by the Partnerships at 30 June 2024. This was applicable to trusts in Australia where
                             unitholders were presently entitled to income at the end of the financial year.




                                                                                                                                                                                                 139
                                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                                                                                                      GHKLP                              GJCP                               GEP
                                                                                                    2024             2023              2024             2023             2024               2023
                                                                                                      $M               $M                $M               $M               $M                 $M
                  Summarised statement of financial position
                  Total current assets                                                               174.3            161.4           258.4           220.3             88.4             107.4
                  Total non-current assets                                                       11,602.4         11,529.7         4,056.7          3,929.9          6,494.9           6,793.9
                  Total current liabilities                                                          437.8           457.7             41.4            301.6            217.8            226.5
                  Total non-current liabilities                                                     2,777.1         2,711.3         1,526.5          1,105.9         2,600.3           2,655.8
                  Net assets (100%)                                                              8,561.8          8,522.1          2,747.2          2,742.7          3,765.2           4,019.0
                  Summarised statement of comprehensive income
                  Revenue                                                                           441.6            386.7           307.4             196.3             319.4            280.1
                  Profit/(loss) after tax and revaluations                                         (200.2)           (194.5)          213.2            216.6               (2.3)         (455.9)
                  Other comprehensive income                                                         (34.1)             11.8              -                -                  -               -
                  Total comprehensive income/(loss) (100%)                                        (234.3)           (182.7)          213.2             216.6              (2.3)         (455.9)
                  Goodman




For personal use only
                  Consolidated ownership interest                                                   20.6%            20.4%            14.0%            14.4%            19.8%                19.8%
                  Consolidated share of net assets                                                1,765.8          1,738.5           385.0             395.1           745.0                795.2
                  Other items, including capitalised costs                                             1.4              1.4             (0.1)            (0.2)              -                    -
                                            1
                  Distributions receivable                                                               -                -               -                 -               -                    -
                  Carrying amount of investment                                                  1,767.2          1,739.9            384.9            394.9            745.0                795.2
                  Distributions received and receivable                                              35.3             38.8            30.4              13.3            35.8                 32.6
                  GIT
                  Consolidated ownership interest                                                   20.6%            20.4%                  -                -          19.8%                19.8%
                  Consolidated share of net assets                                                1,765.8          1,738.5                  -                -         745.0                795.2
                  Other items, including capitalised costs                                             1.4              1.4                 -                -              -                    -
                                            1
                  Distributions receivable                                                               -                -                 -                -              -                    -
                  Carrying amount of investment                                                  1,767.2          1,739.9                   -                -         745.0                795.2
                  Distributions received and receivable                                              35.3             38.8                  -                -          35.8                 32.6

                 1.     Distributions receivable related to distributions provided for but not paid by the Partnerships at 30 June 2024. This was applicable to trusts in Australia where
                        unitholders were presently entitled to income at the end of the financial year.




                                                                                                                                                                                                140
                                                                                             Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 (ii)         Investments in JVs

                 A summary of the results and ownership interests of principal Partnerships classified as JVs is set out below:

                                                                                                                    Share of net                Ownership         Investment carrying
                                                                                                                      results                    interest               amount
                                                                                  Country of
                                                                                  establishment/                    2024          2023          2024    2023           2024       2023
                  Name of JV                                                      incorporation                       $M            $M             %       %             $M         $M
                  Goodman
                  Property investment and development
                  Goodman Japan Development Partnership (GJDP)                    Cayman Islands                   158.2           8.8         50.0     50.0         220.2        172.5
                  Goodman China Logistics Partnership (GCLP)                      Cayman Islands                  (335.2)         26.8         20.0     20.0         605.0       923.3
                                                          1
                  Goodman UK Partnerships (GUKP)                                  United Kingdom                    39.6          (125.4)       35.2    35.0         604.4         573.7
                  Goodman North America Partnership (GNAP)                        United States of America        (659.7)        745.0          55.0    55.0        4,164.1     4,798.5
                  Other JVs                                                                                         22.7            87.1                           2,085.8       1,501.8




For personal use only
                                                                                                                  (774.4)        742.3                             7,679.5     7,969.8
                  GIT
                  Property investment and development
                  GNAP                                                            United States of America        (635.6)         717.9         53.0    53.0        4,012.9   4,624.2
                  Other JVs                                                                                         28.3          89.9                              1,534.2    1,096.2
                                                                                                                  (607.3)        807.8                              5,547.1   5,720.4

                 1.     The consolidated ownership interest in GUKP reflected the weighted average ownership in GUKP, GUKP II and GUKP III.

                 The reconciliation of the carrying amount of investments in Partnerships classified as JVs is set out as follows:

                                                                                                                       Goodman                                         GIT
                                                                                                                      2024        2023                            2024           2023
                  Movement in carrying amount of investments in JVs                                                     $M          $M                              $M             $M
                  Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                     7,969.8     6,528.9                         5,720.4         4,541.7
                  Share of net results after tax (before fair value adjustments)                                      412.4       251.9                           187.6         160.3
                  Share of fair value adjustments attributable to investment properties
                  after tax                                                                                          (1,188.1)               497.6               (794.1)         644.8
                  Share of fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                                     1.3                   (7.2)               (0.8)           2.7
                  Share of net results                                                                               (774.4)                 742.3              (607.3)          807.8
                  Share of movements in reserves                                                                         (5.3)                  (0.1)                  -              -
                  Acquisitions                                                                                       904.4                 1,259.3               583.4           693.2
                  Disposals                                                                                              (2.0)               (351.0)                   -        (350.9)
                  Distributions/dividends received and receivable                                                    (382.3)                (373.9)               (151.5)        (120.0)
                  Effect of foreign currency translation                                                              (30.7)                  164.3                  2.1          148.6
                  Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                           7,679.5                7,969.8              5,547.1        5,720.4




                                                                                                                                                                                        141
                                                                                               Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 The table below includes further information regarding principal Partnerships classified as JVs, held at the end of the financial year:

                                                                                    GJDP                        GCLP1                        GUKP                         GNAP
                                                                                 2024          2023           2024          2023           2024          2023           2024           2023
                                                                                   $M            $M             $M            $M             $M            $M             $M             $M
                  Summarised statement of financial position
                  Current assets
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                     337.6          94.0         409.8           398.2         54.7           44.2          80.7            99.0
                  Other current assets                                            11.5          38.1         180.8           198.2         13.6           15.8          10.1             11.2
                  Total current assets                                          349.1          132.1        590.6          596.4          68.3          60.0           90.8            110.2
                  Total non-current assets                                      302.1         653.6        4,531.3       6,660.0       2,287.8        2,216.0       9,054.8        10,290.6
                  Current liabilities
                  Other current liabilities                                       73.9          10.4        3,173.8      3,067.4           59.6           55.1          134.0         246.7
                  Total current liabilities                                       73.9          10.4       3,173.8       3,067.4           59.6           55.1         134.0          246.7
                  Non-current liabilities
                  Financial liabilities                                          140.3       432.4           1,363.1      1,354.2          581.5         583.1        1,460.3        1,445.7
                  Other non-current liabilities                                      -          1.6            195.1        733.4              -            -            (10.3)          (6.8)




For personal use only
                  Total non-current liabilities                                 140.3        434.0         1,558.2       2,087.6          581.5         583.1        1,450.0        1,438.9
                  Net assets (100%)                                             437.0         341.3          389.9        2,101.4       1,715.0       1,637.8        7,561.6        8,715.2
                  Summarised statement of comprehensive
                  Revenue                                                      1,200.9         88.4           236.7         210.0          80.3           93.2         456.8           392.3
                  Net finance (expense)/income                                      (0.2)          -           (47.9)        (32.7)          1.3           (11.3)         (18.5)        (13.2)
                  Income tax expense                                                (0.9)       (0.8)          (45.9)        (44.1)         (0.2)          (0.2)          (0.4)          (0.7)
                  Profit after tax and revaluations                               316.3         17.6       (1,676.0)        134.2           56.1        (337.0)       (1,199.4)      1,354.5
                  Other comprehensive income                                           -           -            (27.1)         (0.1)           -               -              -             -
                  Total comprehensive income (100%)                               316.3        17.6        (1,703.1)        134.1          56.1        (337.0)       (1,199.4)      1,354.5
                  Goodman
                  Consolidated ownership interest                               50.0%         50.0%          20.0%         20.0%          35.2%         35.0%          55.0%          55.0%
                  Consolidated share of net assets                               218.4        170.6           78.0         420.3         603.9          573.2         4,158.9       4,793.4
                  Shareholder loan1                                                   -            -         523.7         499.6              -             -               -              -
                  Other items, including capitalised costs                          1.8          1.9           3.3           3.4            0.5           0.5             5.2            5.1
                  Carrying amount of investment                                 220.2         172.5         605.0          923.3         604.4          573.7         4,164.1       4,798.5
                  Distributions/dividends received and receivable                174.9         36.8            8.4           8.5           18.5         160.5          139.9           110.1
                  GIT
                  Consolidated ownership interest                                     -            -               -             -             -              -        53.0%           53.0%
                  Consolidated share of net assets                                    -            -               -             -             -              -      4,007.7         4,619.2
                  Other items, including capitalised costs                            -            -               -             -             -              -          5.2             5.0
                  Carrying amount of investment in JV                                 -            -               -             -             -              -      4,012.9        4,624.2
                  Distributions/dividends received and receivable                     -            -               -             -             -              -        134.8           106.1

                 1.     Shareholder loans have been provided by investors of GCLP in proportion to their ownership interest. The shareholder loans are interest free and unsecured and have
                        no fixed terms of repayment. The shareholder loans are not expected to be repaid within 12 months from the end of the reporting period and the Directors consider the
                        loans to form part of Goodman’s investment in GCLP.

                 With respect to Goodman’s other JVs, the total loss after tax and revaluations was $72.8 million (2023: $254.9 million) and total other
                 comprehensive income was $nil (2023: $nil). With respect to GIT’s other JVs, the total profit after tax and revaluations was $7.1 million
                 (2023: $317.2 million) and total other comprehensive income was $nil (2023: $nil).




                                                                                                                                                                                           142
                                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 6 Receivables

                 Receivables comprise trade and other receivables and loans to related parties and are recognised on the date that they are originated,
                 initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, receivables are measured at
                 amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less any impairment losses.

                 Receivables are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the receivable expire or the Group transfers the rights
                 to receive the contractual cash flows on the receivable in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and rewards of the receivable
                 are transferred.

                                                                                                                  Goodman                 GIT
                                                                                                                 2024       2023       2024            2023
                                                                                                    Note           $M         $M         $M              $M
                   Current
                   Trade receivables                                                                               9.9       20.9          -               -




For personal use only
                   Tax receivables                                                                   4(c)         21.2        11.9         -               -
                   Other receivables                                                                             102.4       110.1       1.9            18.2
                                                             1
                   Amounts due from related parties                                                               87.8      100.2        6.7             8.9
                                                 1
                   Loans to related parties                                                                           -         -     235.8           215.0
                                                                                                                 221.3      243.1     244.4           242.1
                   Non-current
                   Other receivables                                                                               8.3        2.8          -                -
                                                 1
                   Loans to related parties                                                                      170.0      228.2    2,291.7        3,122.4
                                                                                                                 178.3      231.0    2,291.7        3,122.4

                 1.     Refer to note 23 for details of amounts due from and loans to related parties.

                 Goodman assessed the receivables balances at 30 June 2024 for expected credit losses (risk of non-payment). The level of provisioning
                 was not significant in the context of the Group’s financial position.




                                                                                                                                                            143
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 7 Contract balances

                 Contract assets primarily comprise amounts recoverable from fixed price development contracts (disclosed net of any payments
                 received on account) and accrued performance fee income where the Group assesses that the income can be reliably measured.

                 Contract liabilities primarily comprise consideration received in advance of the completion of development contracts and rental
                 guarantees.

                 The following table provides an analysis of receivables from contracts with customers (excluding rental income receivables), contract
                 assets and contract liabilities at the reporting dates:
                                                                                                                                    Goodman
                                                                                                                                   2024             2023
                                                                                                                                      $M              $M
                 Current
                 Receivables, which are included in trade receivables, other




For personal use only
                 receivables and amounts due from related parties                                                                  128.8           133.6
                 Contract assets                                                                                                    12.9            72.9
                 Contract liabilities                                                                                                9.2             21.2
                 Non-current
                 Contract liabilities                                                                                                9.0                -
                 Significant changes in the contract assets and the contract liabilities balances during the year are set out below:

                                                                                                                       Goodman
                                                                                                        2024                              2023
                                                                                                  Contract        Contract         Contract        Contract
                                                                                                    assets        liabilities        assets        liabilities
                                                                                                       $M                 $M            $M                $M
                  Balance at the beginning of the year                                               72.9              21.2            77.6               4.7
                  Increase due to changes in the measure of progress during the year                   (3.1)               -          381.9                 -
                  Transfers from contract assets to receivables                                      (57.3)                -         (388.8)                -
                  Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liability balance
                  at the beginning of the year                                                            -           (33.3)              -            (14.0)
                  Increases due to cash received, excluding amounts recognised as
                  revenue during the year                                                                 -              31.1             -            30.5
                  Effect of foreign currency translation                                                0.4             (0.8)           2.2                -
                  Balance at the end of the year                                                      12.9             18.2            72.9            21.2
                  Current contract assets and liabilities                                              12.9              9.2           72.9             21.2
                  Non-current contract liabilities                                                        -             9.0               -                -
                  Total                                                                               12.9             18.2            72.9            21.2

                 Details regarding Goodman’s future rental income associated with existing lease agreements is included in note 5.
                 In addition, Goodman receives investment management, development management and property services fees under various contracts
                 that it has with its Partnerships. These contracts are for varying lengths of time and are typically transacted on terms that are consistent
                 with market practice. The revenues under these contracts are linked to the AUM, total development project costs or gross property
                 income of Partnerships and are invoiced as the services are provided.




                                                                                                                                                           144
                                                                                      Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 8 Assets held for sale

                 In the current year, the Group entered into a conditional contract to dispose of an investment property with a carrying value of $25.7
                 million. As the conditions under the contract had not been satisfied as at 30 June 2024, the investment property has been presented as
                 an asset held for sale.

                 In the prior year, the Group entered into a conditional contract to dispose of two controlled entities with a carrying value of $509.6 million.
                 The disposal of the two controlled entities was completed in FY24.

                 9 Payables

                 Trade and other payables are recognised initially at trade date fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to
                 initial recognition, trade and other payables are measured at amortised cost.

                 Trade and other payables are derecognised when the contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled or expire.




For personal use only
                 Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when, and only when, there is
                 a legal right to offset the amounts and an intention to either settle on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability
                 simultaneously.

                                                                                                        Goodman                            GIT
                                                                                                       2024         2023                2024             2023
                                                                                                         $M           $M                  $M               $M
                  Current
                  Trade payables                                                                       109.7        90.4                  7.4               5.8
                  Employee benefits                                                                   257.2         213.8                   -                 -
                  Other payables and accruals                                                           461.1      358.0                212.8             113.8
                  Contract liabilities                                                                   9.2         21.2                   -                 -
                  Loans from related parties1                                                              -            -               36.0               51.3
                                                                                                      837.2        683.4               256.2             170.9
                  Non-current
                  Employee benefits                                                                   224.3        99.8                    -                 -
                  Other payables and accruals                                                          109.6      290.4                 90.4            256.6
                  Contract liabilities                                                                   9.0          -                    -                 -
                  Loans from related parties1                                                              -          -                355.0             521.4
                                                                                                      342.9       390.2                445.4            778.0

                 1.     Refer to note 23 for details of loans from related parties.




                                                                                                                                                              145
                                                                                               Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 10 Provisions

                 A provision is recognised when there is a legal, equitable or constructive obligation as a result of a past event and it is probable that a
                 future sacrifice of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, the timing or amount of which is uncertain.

                                                                                                                 Goodman                      GIT
                                                                                                                2024       2023            2024           2023
                                                                                                                  $M         $M              $M             $M
                  Current
                  Dividends/distributions to Securityholders                                                   284.9       282.5         208.9             188.4
                  Other                                                                                          19.0       19.0             -                 -
                                                                                                               303.9       301.5         208.9            188.4
                  Non-current
                  Defined benefit retirement schemes in the United Kingdom                                       14.6        12.8              -               -
                  Other                                                                                            1.3         1.5             -               -




For personal use only
                                                                                                                 15.9       14.3               -               -

                 11 Property, plant and equipment

                                                                                                                                             Goodman
                                                                                                                                           2024           2023
                                                                                                                                              $M             $M
                  Property, plant and equipment at cost                                                                                     171.4          171.9
                  Accumulated depreciation                                                                                                (106.2)        (100.2)
                                                                  1
                  Property, plant and equipment at net book value                                                                          65.2             71.7

                 1.     Refer to note 12 for property, plant and equipment held as a lessee.




                                                                                                                                                               146
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 12 Leases

                 Goodman leases office buildings, motor vehicles and office equipment. Certain investment properties and developments classified as
                 inventories are also built on land held under leasehold interests.

                 Goodman recognises a right of use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right of use asset is initially
                 measured at cost plus any direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located,
                 less any lease incentives received.

                 The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date,
                 discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and
                 interest expense is calculated using the effective interest rate method. The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future
                 lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether Goodman will be
                 reasonably certain to exercise an extension or termination option.




For personal use only
                 The right of use assets in respect of office buildings, motor vehicles and office equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method
                 over the period of the lease. Right of use assets that meet the definition of investment property are carried at fair value in accordance
                 with note 5(a). Ground leases of development land that are classified as inventories are not depreciated but are assessed at each
                 reporting date for impairments to ensure they are recorded at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

                 Information about leases for which Goodman is a lessee is detailed below:

                                                                                                                                          Goodman
                                                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                                                           $M                 $M
                  Right of use assets
                  Inventories                                                                                                           469.6               561.8
                  Investment properties                                                                                                 770.3              695.6
                  Property, plant and equipment                                                                                          33.9                43.8
                                                                                                                                      1,273.8             1,301.2

                 During the year, the additions to the Group’s right of use assets were $91.4 million (2023: $245.0 million) and the depreciation expense
                 was $12.0 million (2023: $12.4 million).

                                                                                                                                          Goodman
                                                                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                                                                           $M                 $M
                  Lease liabilities
                  Current                                                                                                                  9.1               12.3
                  Non-current                                                                                                            27.2               55.4
                                                                                                                                         36.3               67.7

                 During the year, the interest expense associated with the Group’s lease liabilities was $1.0 million (2023: $1.1 million) and the cash
                 repayments under the Group’s leases was $12.9 million (2023: $14.3 million).




                                                                                                                                                                147
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 13 Goodwill and intangible assets

                 Goodman recognises both goodwill and indefinite life management rights in its statement of financial position.

                 Goodwill
                 Goodwill arising on the acquisition of controlled entities is stated at cost less any accumulated impairment losses (refer below). No
                 amortisation is provided.

                 Management rights
                 When fund and/or investment management activities are acquired as part of a business combination, management rights are recorded
                 where they arise from contractual or other legal rights, and the fair value can be measured reliably.

                 Management rights are stated at cost less impairment. Management rights are not amortised as they are assumed to have an indefinite
                 life, given they are routinely renewed at minimal cost and on broadly similar terms.




For personal use only
                 Impairment
                 The carrying amounts of goodwill and management rights are tested annually for impairment. For the purpose of impairment testing,
                 goodwill and management rights are allocated to the related cash-generating units monitored by management. An impairment loss is
                 recognised whenever the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is the
                 greater of the fair value (net of disposal costs) and the value in use but given that goodwill and management rights are not frequently
                 traded (i.e. fair value is difficult to ascertain), the recoverable amount will be equal to the value in use of the cash-generating unit. In
                 assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
                 current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the cash-generating unit.

                 Impairment losses are recognised in the income statement. Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are
                 allocated first to reduce the goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit, then to the carrying amount of the management rights
                 allocated to the cash-generating unit and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the cash-generating unit on a pro rata
                 basis.

                 An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. An impairment loss for management rights is reversed only to the extent that its
                 carrying amount does not exceed its original cost.

                 A summary of Goodman’s goodwill and intangible assets is set out by below:

                                                                                                                                          Goodman
                                                                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                                                                           $M                $M
                  Goodwill                                                                                                              724.7            738.3
                  Management rights                                                                                                     104.8              111.8
                                                                                                                                       829.5             850.1




                                                                                                                                                                148
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 The carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets is analysed by division in the table below:

                                                                                                                                        2024            2023
                                                                                                                                          $M              $M
                  Analysed:
                  Goodwill
                  Continental Europe                                                                                                   611.1           622.8
                  Other                                                                                                               113.6             115.5
                  Subtotal - goodwill                                                                                                724.7             738.3
                  Management rights
                  Continental Europe                                                                                                  34.7              35.3
                  Other                                                                                                                70.1             76.5
                  Subtotal - management rights                                                                                       104.8              111.8
                  Total                                                                                                              829.5             850.1




For personal use only
                 A reconciliation of the movement in the cost of goodwill and management rights during the year is set out below:

                                                                                   Effect of                                        Effect of
                                                                Balance at          foreign     Balance at                           foreign       Balance at
                                                                  30 June         currency        30 June                          currency          30 June
                                                                     2022       translation          2023           Disposals    translation            2024
                   Cost                                                $M               $M             $M                 $M             $M               $M
                   Goodwill
                   Continental Europe                                584.3             46.4           630.7                 -            (11.8)        618.9
                   Other                                              154.7            10.7           165.4                 -            (2.2)         163.2
                   Subtotal - goodwill                               739.0             57.1           796.1                 -           (14.0)         782.1
                   Management rights
                   Continental Europe                                 32.7              2.6            35.3                 -            (0.6)          34.7
                   Other                                               77.1            (0.6)           76.5              (6.3)            (0.1)          70.1
                   Subtotal - management rights                      109.8              2.0            111.8             (6.3)           (0.7)         104.8
                   Total                                             848.8             59.1           907.9              (6.3)          (14.7)         886.9

                 A reconciliation of the movement in the impairment losses during the year is set out below:

                                                                                                   Effect of                       Effect of
                                                                                                     foreign                         foreign
                                                                              Balance at 30        currency Balance at 30          currency Balance at 30
                                                                                June 2022        translation   June 2023         translation   June 2024
                  Impairment losses                                                     $M               $M           $M                 $M           $M
                  Goodwill
                  Continental Europe                                                    7.3             0.6              7.9               (0.1)         7.8
                  Other                                                                46.1             3.8             49.9              (0.3)         49.6
                  Subtotal - goodwill                                                 53.4              4.4             57.8             (0.4)          57.4
                  Total                                                               53.4              4.4             57.8             (0.4)          57.4

                 Impairments and reversals of impairments
                 There were no impairment losses or reversals of impairment losses during either the current or prior financial year.




                                                                                                                                                            149
                                                                                  Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 Impairment testing for intangible assets

                 The carrying values of both goodwill and indefinite life management rights are assessed for impairment annually. For the purpose of
                 impairment testing, goodwill and indefinite life management rights are allocated to the Goodman divisions that represent the lowest level
                 within Goodman at which the goodwill and indefinite life management rights are monitored for internal management purposes. Where
                 goodwill and management rights arise in the same division, impairment testing has been performed on the combined intangible asset.

                 The impairment tests for all intangible assets are based on each division’s value in use. Value in use is determined by discounting the
                 future projected cash flows generated from continuing operations. These cash flows are for a five-year period, with a year five terminal
                 value calculated using a terminal growth rate and an appropriate discount rate for each division.

                 The key drivers of value in respect of the intangible assets are:
                 + Development cash flows, which are dependent on development volumes and margins and whether the developments are
                     undertaken directly by Goodman or directly by Partnerships or in joint venture with Partnerships
                 + Management cash flows, which are dependent on the level of external AUM and net property income in Partnerships and, in the case




For personal use only
                     of portfolio performance fee income, the long-term performance of the Partnerships.

                 The estimation of future cash flows requires assumptions to be made regarding uncertain future events. The cash flows do not assume a
                 downturn in earnings that might arise in the event of a significant adverse change in market conditions for the Group. The cash flows also
                 assume that Goodman’s management contracts with Partnerships have an indefinite life. This is on the basis that in the past these
                 contracts have been typically renewed at minimal cost and on broadly similar financial terms.

                 The post-tax discount rates used in the value in use calculations were determined using the capital asset pricing model, with individual
                 assumptions referenced to market data, where available, and adjusting for specific factors associated with each division. A risk premium
                 was included in each division’s discount rate, reflecting the level of forecasting, size, country and financing risks for that division. The value
                 in use was determined using the after-tax cash flows and the post-tax discount rates, with the discount rates then converted to the
                 equivalent pre-tax rates.

                 When assessing a potential impairment, the value in use is compared against the sum of the intangible asset balance and the property,
                 plant and equipment balance for each division.

                 The principal intangible asset balance relates to the Group’s business activities in Continental Europe. The value in use and the key
                 assumptions used to calculate the value in use are set out below.

                 Value in use – Continental Europe
                 The value in use for Continental Europe is consistent with the prior years. The Group’s strategy remains the same with assets focused on
                 core infill locations, close to consumers.

                                                                                                                                        2024             2023
                   Value in use (A$M)                                                                                                2,673.2          2,559.4
                   Key assumptions:
                   Pre-tax discount rate (per annum)                                                                                    12.6%            12.7%
                   Average annual development expenditure (A$B)                                                                            1.4             1.2
                   Average annual growth in AUM                                                                                          9.8%             6.6%

                 All amounts were calculated in local currency and translated to Australian dollars at the closing exchange rate at the end of the financial
                 period. Averages related to average amounts over the five-year forecast period.




                                                                                                                                                                 150
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                 Development earnings
                 During FY24, gross domestic product growth in Europe has been weak. However, inflation rates have reduced and the unemployment
                 rate is at a historic low, providing some optimism for the medium-term outlook. Demand continues to exist for modern, well-located
                 industrial product, but in the current economic environment customers are more inclined to renew existing leases rather than seeking
                 new premises, and the appetite for growth and new investment has been curtailed.

                 Goodman will maintain its focus on the core markets in western and southern Europe but in the short term, development activity levels
                 for logistics and warehousing space are projected to be lower than they have been in recent years. This is, however, being replaced by the
                 development of large scale, high value, data centres, and the Group already has access to a significant power bank in Amsterdam,
                 Frankfurt, Paris and Madrid. It is assumed that logistics and data centre projects will continue to be a mix of those undertaken directly by
                 Goodman and those in joint venture with Partnerships.

                 Across the forecast period, the average annual development cash outflow to fund the projected development pipeline is A$1.4 billion per
                 annum (2023: A$1.2 billion per annum). This is higher than the prior year, partly due to cost inflation expectations but also a result of the
                 more capital intensive nature of data centre development. The development earnings forecasts include projects which have not yet been




For personal use only
                 contracted.

                 Management earnings and AUM
                 External AUM at 30 June 2024 was A$7.4 billion (2023: A$7.8 billion). The average annual increase in external AUM of 10.0% (2023:
                 6.6%) assumes most of the projected development over the forecast period is for Partnerships. For the value in use assessments,
                 property values are expected to be stable over the period and no portfolio performance revenue is assumed.

                 Sources of funding for development activity
                 Capital inflows required to fund acquisitions and development activity are assumed from the following sources: equity investment directly
                 into Partnerships (including distribution reinvestment plans) by Goodman and its investment partners (in some cases, the projections
                 assume future equity investment will be greater than existing commitments); lending facilities advanced to Partnerships; debt capital
                 markets; customer-funded turnkey developments; and proceeds from disposals of assets. It is not practicable to determine the
                 percentage of the total which will flow from each source.

                 Funds available to Goodman and its investment partners are assumed to be sourced from available global markets and are not limited to
                 regional lending markets.

                 Assumptions impacting the terminal year
                 The cash flow projections assume that there will be no significant change in regional or global market conditions over the period. Long-
                 term growth rates have been used to extrapolate cash flow projections beyond the period covered by the five-year forecast. For
                 Continental Europe, the growth rate of 2.6% (2023: 3.2%) has been based on the average longer-term consumer price indices.




                                                                                                                                                            151
                                                                                             Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 (continued)

                 CAPITAL MANAGEMENT


                      The notes in this section focus on Goodman’s and GIT’s financing activities, capital structure and management of the financial risks
                      involved.


                 14 Net finance income/(expense)

                 Interest income and expense are recognised using the effective interest rate method.

                 Finance costs relating to a qualifying asset are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset using a weighted average cost of debt.
                 Qualifying assets are assets which take a substantial time to get ready for their intended use or sale. All other finance costs are expensed
                 using the effective interest rate method.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                        Goodman                                   GIT
                                                                                                                       2024              2023                  2024              2023
                                                                                                                         $M                $M                    $M                $M
                  Finance income
                  Interest income from:
                  – Related parties                                                                                       -                2.1                 161.6             93.8
                  – Other parties                                                                                      39.3              20.0                  24.2               12.3
                  Foreign exchange gains                                                                                0.5               0.8                      -              73.1
                                                                                                                       39.8              22.9                 185.8             179.2
                  Finance expense
                  Interest expense from third party loans, overdrafts and derivatives                                   (81.2)           (52.4)               (128.0)            (55.4)
                  Interest expense from related party loans                                                                 -                 -                (29.6)             (20.1)
                  Gain on early redemption of debt                                                                        6.3                 -                   6.3                 -
                  Other borrowing costs                                                                                 (14.7)            (12.8)                 (8.9)             (6.9)
                  Fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                                            (10.3)          (221.3)                 (16.2)          (156.6)
                  Foreign exchange losses                                                                                   -                 -                  (4.8)                -
                                                      1
                  Capitalised borrowing costs                                                                          37.6             28.8                     3.9               2.7
                                                                                                                      (62.3)          (257.7)                 (177.3)          (236.3)
                  Net finance (expense)/income                                                                        (22.5)          (234.8)                    8.5             (57.1)

                 1.     Borrowing costs were capitalised to inventories and investment properties under development during the year at rates between 1.05 % and 4.20 % per annum (2023:
                        0.95% and 4.85% per annum).




                                                                                                                                                                                      152
                                                                                  Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 15 Interest bearing liabilities

                 Interest bearing liabilities comprise bank loans and notes issued in the capital markets. Interest bearing liabilities are recognised initially at
                 fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest bearing liabilities are measured at
                 amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.

                                                                                                           Goodman                             GIT
                                                                                                          2024           2023               2024            2023
                  Carrying amount of drawn debt                                           Note              $M             $M                 $M              $M
                  Current
                  Secured:
                  – Bank loans                                                             15(a)             1.7             -                   -               -
                                                                                                            1.7              -                   -               -
                  Non-current
                  Secured:




For personal use only
                  – Bank loans                                                             15(a)          63.9           47.9                    -               -
                  Unsecured:
                  – Bank loans                                                             15(a)           331.1         421.5              139.8           156.0
                  – USD denominated notes                                                  15(b)      2,024.0         2,025.8            2,024.0         2,025.8
                  – EUR denominated notes                                                  15(c)       1,289.8           818.5            1,289.8            818.5
                  Borrowing costs                                                                         (23.8)         (20.8)               (21.1)          (17.5)
                                                                                                      3,685.0         3,292.9            3,432.5         2,982.8

                 (a) Bank loans

                 Secured
                 As at 30 June 2024, Goodman and GIT had the following secured bank facilities:

                                                                                                           Goodman                               GIT
                                                                                                                      Amounts                           Amounts
                                                                                                   Facility limit       drawn        Facility limit       drawn
                                                                         Facility maturity date               $M           $M                   $M           $M
                                                                               9 January 2028              79.7              -                   -            -
                                                                               5 January 2033               51.4         23.9                    -            -
                                                                                 18 March 2034              17.4          17.4                   -            -
                                                                                  20 April 2038            48.8          24.3                    -            -
                  Total at 30 June 2024                                                                   197.3          65.6                    -            -
                  Total at 30 June 2023                                                                  220.4           47.9                    -            -




                                                                                                                                                                 153
                                                                               Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 Unsecured
                 As at 30 June 2024, Goodman and GIT had the following unsecured bank facilities:

                                                                                                     Goodman                            GIT
                                                                                                            Amounts                           Amounts
                                                                                           Facility limit     drawn        Facility limit       drawn
                                                                   Facility maturity date             $M         $M                   $M           $M
                                                                       7 December 2025              40.2           -
                                                                              31 July 2026         149.9           -                149.9            -
                                                                     30 September 2026              56.2           -                 56.2            -
                                                                     30 September 2026              37.6           -                 37.6            -
                                                                     30 September 2026             251.5       94.0                      -           -
                                                                     30 September 2026              74.6       50.7                      -           -
                                                                     30 September 2026              74.6           -                     -           -




For personal use only
                                                                     30 September 2026             139.8       46.6                      -           -
                                                                     30 September 2026               93.1          -                     -           -
                                                                        22 October 2026            149.9           -                149.9            -
                                                                         21 October 2026          150.0            -               150.0             -
                                                                      31 December 2026            120.5            -                120.5            -
                                                                      31 December 2027             149.9           -                149.9            -
                                                                           31 March 2029            70.0           -                 70.0            -
                                                                           31 March 2029            30.0           -                 30.0            -
                                                                             19 April 2029        100.0            -               100.0             -
                                                                             19 April 2029        100.0            -               100.0             -
                                                                            30 June 2029            70.0           -                 70.0            -
                                                                            30 June 2029            30.0           -                 30.0            -
                                                                            30 June 2029          150.0            -               150.0             -
                                                                              31 July 2029        100.0            -               100.0             -
                                                                      31 December 2029             139.8      139.8                 139.8       139.8
                   Total at 30 June 2024                                                      2,277.6          331.1            1,603.8         139.8
                   Total at 30 June 2023                                                        1,970.8       421.5              1,263.6        156.0

                 The majority of the unsecured bank loans are multi-currency facilities.

                 (b) USD denominated notes
                 As at 30 June 2024, Goodman and GIT had notes on issue in the US144A/Regulation S bond market as follows:

                                                                                                                                                Coupon
                                                                                                                Carrying amount                   (fixed)
                                                                                               Maturity date      A$M         US$M            per annum

                                                                                             15 March 2028         787.1             525.0        3.70%
                                                                                                4 May 2032        749.6             500.0         4.63%
                                                                                           15 October 2037        487.3              325.0        4.50%
                  Total at 30 June 2024                                                                        2,024.0            1,350.0
                  Total at 30 June 2023                                                                         2,025.8            1,350.0




                                                                                                                                                         154
                                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 (c) EUR denominated notes
                 As at 30 June 2024, Goodman and GIT had Regulation S EUR denominated senior notes on issue as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                                     Coupon
                                                                                                                                                Carrying amount                        (fixed)
                                                                                                                      Maturity date               A$M           €M                 per annum

                                                                                                             27 September 2025                    486.7              303.0                 1.38%
                                                                                                                    3 May 2030                     803.1             500.0                4.25%
                  Total at 30 June 2024                                                                                                         1,289.8              803.0
                  Total at 30 June 2023                                                                                                            818.5             500.0

                 (d) Finance facilities

                                                                                                                             Goodman                                        GIT




For personal use only
                                                                                                                         Facilities  Facilities                    Facilities         Facilities
                                                                                                                         available    utilised                     available           utilised
                                                                                                                               $M          $M                            $M                 $M
                  30 June 2024
                  Secured:
                  - Bank loans                                                                                               197.3              65.6                        -                  -
                  Unsecured:
                  – Bank loans                                                                                            2,277.6               331.1                1,603.8               139.8
                  – USD denominated notes                                                                                2,024.0            2,024.0                 2,024.0            2,024.0
                  – EUR denominated notes                                                                                 1,289.8            1,289.8                 1,289.8            1,289.8
                  – Bank guarantees1                                                                                            -               38.6                       -                 17.4
                                                                                                                         5,788.7            3,749.1                 4,917.6            3,471.0
                  30 June 2023
                  Secured:
                  - Bank loans                                                                                              220.4                47.9                       -                  -
                  Unsecured:
                  – Bank loans                                                                                             1,970.8             421.5                 1,263.6             156.0
                  – USD denominated notes                                                                                 2,025.8           2,025.8                 2,025.8            2,025.8
                  – EUR denominated notes                                                                                     818.5            818.5                    818.5             818.5
                  – Bank guarantees1                                                                                              -            23.6                         -                 -
                                                                                                                         5,035.5            3,337.3                 4,107.9           3,000.3

                 1.     Bank guarantees are drawn from facilities available under unsecured bank loans. The guarantees are not reflected as a liability in the statements of financial position.




                                                                                                                                                                                               155
                                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 16 Other financial assets and liabilities

                 Other financial assets and liabilities primarily comprise derivative financial instruments that are recognised initially on the trade date at
                 which Goodman and GIT become a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

                 Derivative financial instruments and hedging
                 Goodman and GIT use derivative financial instruments to hedge their economic exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks
                 arising from operating, investing and financing activities. In accordance with the Group’s FRM policy, Goodman and GIT do not hold or
                 issue derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes.
                 Goodman and GIT’s derivative financial instruments are not designated as a hedge for accounting purposes, and accordingly
                 movements in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognised in the income statement.
                 Cash flow hedges
                 Certain of Goodman and GIT’s associates and JVs continue to designate derivative financial instruments as cash flow hedges for
                 accounting purposes. Goodman’s and GIT’s share of the effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments in




For personal use only
                 associates and JVs that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve. The gain or loss
                 relating to any ineffective portion is recognised in the income statement.

                 Other financial assets
                                                                                                                              Goodman                                   GIT
                                                                                                                             2024               2023                 2024               2023
                                                                                                                               $M                 $M                   $M                 $M
                  Current
                                                   1
                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                             9.3              87.8                   2.8              76.6
                                                                                                                               9.3              87.8                   2.8              76.6
                  Non-current
                                                   1
                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                          385.8              363.4                238.1              232.1
                  Investment in unlisted securities, at fair value                                                           20.3                18.1                22.5               19.6
                                                                                                                            406.1              381.5               260.6               251.7

                 1.     Includes fair values of derivative financial instruments equating to $88.6 million (2023: $81.7 million) that hedge Goodman’s net investments in Continental Europe and
                        the United Kingdom.

                 Other financial liabilities
                                                                                                                              Goodman                                   GIT
                                                                                                                             2024               2023                 2024               2023
                                                                                                                               $M                 $M                   $M                 $M
                  Current
                                                   1
                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                           40.3               143.9                  18.5             63.9
                                                                                                                             40.3              143.9                  18.5              63.9
                  Non-current
                                                   1
                  Derivative financial instruments                                                                          473.4              480.1               339.4              383.6
                                                                                                                            473.4              480.1               339.4              383.6

                 1.     Includes fair values of derivative financial instruments equating to $41.9 million (2023: $34.2 million) that hedge Goodman’s net investments in Continental Europe and
                        the United Kingdom.




                                                                                                                                                                                             156
                                                                                  Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 17 Financial risk management

                 The Board has overall responsibility for approving Goodman’s risk management framework. The Board has established the Audit, Risk
                 and Compliance committee, which is responsible for reviewing, approving and subsequently monitoring the Group’s risk management
                 policies, including the FRM policy. The FRM policy is established to identify and analyse the financial risks faced by the Group, to set
                 appropriate risk limits and controls for managing the financial affairs of the Group, and to monitor those risks and adherence to limits by
                 Management.

                 Goodman’s treasury function is responsible for the day to day compliance with the Group’s FRM policy and prepares reports for
                 consideration by management committees and the Board including:

                 +      Cash flow projections over a period of at least 12 months to assess the level of cash and undrawn facilities, and headline gearing at
                        each month end
                 +      Debt maturity profile, to allow the Group to plan well in advance of maturing facilities
                 +      Interest rate hedge profile over the next ten years, to allow the Group to manage the proportion of fixed and floating rate debt in




For personal use only
                        accordance with its FRM policy
                 +      Capital hedge position (by currency) and profile of expiring currency derivatives, to allow the Group to manage its net investment
                        hedging in accordance with its FRM policy.

                 Any significant investments or material changes to the finance facilities or FRM policy require approval by the Board.

                 Capital management
                 Goodman’s principal capital management objectives are to maintain a strong capital base and provide funds for operating activities
                 (including development expenditure), capital expenditure and investment opportunities as they arise. This is achieved through an
                 appropriate mix of debt and equity.

                 Goodman is able to alter the capital mix by issuing new Goodman debt and equity securities or hybrid securities, by reinstating the
                 distribution reinvestment plan, by adjusting the timing of development and capital expenditure and by selling assets to reduce
                 borrowings. Goodman also manages capital through its distribution policy in which distributions made to Securityholders are based on
                 the Group’s operating profit, subject to a minimum distribution equal to the taxable income of the Trust.

                 Goodman’s key financial risks are market risk (including foreign exchange and interest rate risk), liquidity risk and credit risk.

                 (a) Market risk

                 Foreign exchange risk
                 Goodman is exposed to foreign exchange risk through its investments in New Zealand, Hong Kong, China, Japan, Continental Europe, the
                 United Kingdom, North America and Brazil. Foreign exchange risk represents the gain or loss that would be recognised from fluctuations
                 in currency prices against the Australian dollar as a result of Goodman’s net investment in foreign operations, future commercial
                 transactions, and other foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities.




                                                                                                                                                                157
                                                                               Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 In managing foreign exchange risks, Goodman aims to reduce the impact of short-term fluctuations on Goodman’s earnings and net
                 assets. However, over the long term, permanent changes in foreign exchange rates will have an impact on both earnings and net assets.
                 Goodman’s capital hedge policy for each overseas region is to hedge between 65% and 90% of foreign currency denominated assets
                 with foreign currency denominated liabilities. This is achieved by borrowing in the same currency as the overseas investments to form a
                 natural economic hedge against any foreign currency fluctuations and/or using derivatives such as cross currency interest rate swaps
                 (CCIRS) and foreign exchange contracts (FEC).
                 The Group’s hedge position is monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group will enter into new derivatives (including forward start
                 contracts) and close out or enter into contra derivative contracts to manage the capital hedge position.

                 As at 30 June 2024, the principal that was used to hedge its exposures using derivatives and the weighted average exchange rates, by
                 currency, are set out below:

                 Goodman
                                                                                    2024                                          2023




For personal use only
                                                                                                   Weighted                                      Weighted
                                                                                                    average                                       average
                                                                       Amounts       Amounts      exchange         Amounts        Amounts       exchange
                                                                        payable     receivable           rate        payable     receivable            rate
                                                                        NZD'M           AUD'M     AUD/NZD             NZD'M          AUD'M      AUD/NZD
                  AUD receivable/NZD payable                             (900.0)        838.9        1.0729            (750.0)        696.4        1.0775
                                                                        HKD'M           AUD'M     AUD/HKD            HKD'M           AUD'M      AUD/HKD
                  AUD receivable/HKD payable                          (8,840.0)       1,627.2       5.3605          (8,840.0)        1,598.2      5.5324
                                                                         EUR'M          AUD'M     AUD/EUR             EUR'M          AUD'M      AUD/EUR
                  AUD receivable/EUR payable                             (925.0)      1,460.8       0.6341             (925.0)      1,460.8        0.6341
                                                                          AUD'M       EUR'M       AUD/EUR              AUD'M       EUR'M        AUD/EUR
                  EUR receivable/AUD payable                              (245.8)       150.0       0.6103                  -               -            -
                                                                         GBP'M          AUD'M     AUD/GBP             GBP'M          AUD'M      AUD/GBP
                  AUD receivable/GBP payable                             (435.0)        796.4       0.5468             (435.0)         796.4      0.5468
                                                                        USD'M           AUD'M     AUD/USD             USD'M          AUD'M      AUD/USD
                  AUD receivable/USD payable                           (1,350.0)      1,894.8        0.7137          (1,050.0)       1,455.5       0.7221
                                                                          JPY'M         AUD'M     AUD/JPY              JPY'M         AUD'M      AUD/JPY
                  AUD receivable/JPY payable                         (21,000.0)         249.2      85.2731        (14,000.0)            177.7      78.1791
                                                                        CNY'M           USD'M     USD/CNY            CNY'M           USD'M      USD/CNY
                  USD receivable/CNY payable                           (4,565.7)        649.3        7.0315          (4,727.6)         642.2       7.3612




                                                                                                                                                         158
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 GIT
                                                                                       2024                                         2023
                                                                                                      Weighted                                     Weighted
                                                                                                       average                                      average
                                                                          Amounts      Amounts       exchange        Amounts        Amounts       exchange
                                                                           payable    receivable            rate      payable      receivable           rate
                                                                           NZD'M         AUD'M       AUD/NZD          NZD'M           AUD'M       AUD/NZD
                  AUD receivable/NZD payable                               (600.0)        558.9         1.0736         (450.0)          416.3        1.0814
                                                                           HKD'M         AUD'M       AUD/HKD          HKD'M           AUD'M       AUD/HKD
                  AUD receivable/HKD payable                             (6,890.0)      1,266.6        5.3405         (7,190.0)       1,297.7        5.5371
                                                                           EUR'M         AUD'M       AUD/EUR           EUR'M          AUD'M       AUD/EUR
                  AUD receivable/EUR payable                               (430.0)        657.8        0.6543          (430.0)          657.8       0.6543
                                                                            AUD'M        EUR'M       AUD/EUR           AUD'M          EUR'M       AUD/EUR
                  EUR receivable/AUD payable                                (245.8)        150.0       0.6103                -              -             -
                                                                           GBP'M         AUD'M       AUD/GBP          GBP'M           AUD'M       AUD/GBP




For personal use only
                  AUD receivable/GBP payable                                (105.0)        194.6       0.5395           (285.0)         516.5       0.5524
                                                                           USD'M         AUD'M       AUD/USD          USD'M           AUD'M       AUD/USD
                  AUD receivable/USD payable                               (800.0)        1,120.1      0.7160          (600.0)         820.9         0.7318

                 In addition to the derivatives detailed in the table above, GIT also has FECs with a controlled entity of GLHK to hedge that entity’s USD
                 exposure. On maturity of the contracts, GIT will receive USD 145.8 million from GLHK (2023: USD 206.8 million) and pay GBP 119.6 million
                 to GLHK (2023: GBP 167.8 million).

                 Sensitivity analysis
                 Throughout the financial year, if the Australian dollar had been 5% stronger against all other currencies, with all other variables held
                 constant, the profit attributable to Securityholders, excluding derivative mark to market and unrealised foreign exchange movements,
                 would have decreased by A$10.3 million (2023: A$50.0 million decrease) for Goodman and A$34.5 million (2023: A$21.0 million) for GIT.
                 If the Australian dollar had been 5% weaker against all other currencies, with all other variables held constant, the profit attributable to
                 Securityholders, excluding derivative mark to market and unrealised foreign exchange movements, would have increased by A$10.3
                 million (2023: A$50.0 million increase) for Goodman and A$34.5 million (2023: A$21.0 million) for GIT.

                 Interest rate risk
                 Goodman’s interest rate payments risk arises from variable rate borrowings and the Group’s CCIRS that hedge the overseas
                 investments. Goodman has a policy of hedging between 60% and 100% of its payments exposure to changes in interest rates for a three
                 year period, progressively decreasing from the fourth year . Goodman enters into interest rate derivatives (IRD) to manage cash flow risks
                 associated with the interest rates on payments that are floating. The IRD contracts are for 90-day intervals and involve quarterly
                 payments or receipts of the net amount of interest.




                                                                                                                                                           159
                                                                              Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 As at 30 June 2024, Goodman and GIT’s fixed and floating interest rate exposure (by principal) based on existing interest bearing
                 liabilities and derivative financial instruments is set out below:

                 Goodman
                                                                       Interest bearing               Impact of derivatives             Net interest rate
                                                                              liabilities            CCIRS                   IRD     exposure (payable)
                                                                                   A$M                 A$M                  A$M                     A$M
                  30 June 2024
                  Fixed rate liabilities                                       3,360.4                      -             3,660.7                  7,021.1
                  Floating rate liabilities                                       350.1               7,011.0            (3,660.7)               3,700.4
                                                                               3,710.5               7,011.0                    -               10,721.5
                  30 June 2023
                  Fixed rate liabilities                                       2,896.3                   -                3,886.3               6,782.6
                  Floating rate liabilities                                       417.4            6,407.0               (3,886.3)               2,938.1
                                                                               3,313.7             6,407.0                      -               9,720.7




For personal use only
                 GIT
                                                                       Interest bearing               Impact of derivatives             Net interest rate
                                                                              liabilities            CCIRS                   IRD     exposure (payable)
                                                                                   A$M                 A$M                  A$M                     A$M
                  30 June 2024
                  Fixed rate liabilities                                        3,313.8                    -              1,896.9                5,210.7
                  Floating rate liabilities                                       139.8              3,921.5             (1,896.9)               2,164.4
                                                                               3,453.6              3,921.5                     -                7,375.1
                  30 June 2023
                  Fixed rate liabilities                                       2,844.3                    -               2,200.4               5,044.7
                  Floating rate liabilities                                      156.0              3,898.2              (2,200.4)               1,853.8
                                                                              3,000.3              3,898.2                      -               6,898.5

                 The Consolidated Entity and GIT is also exposed to variable interest rates on cash and cash equivalents and the principal amount of the
                 Australian dollar receiver legs of the CCIRS. To hedge this interest rate exposure, the Consolidated Entity holds IRDs and fixed rate
                 CCIRS as set out below:

                 Goodman
                                                                        Cash and cash                 Impact of derivatives           Net interest rate
                                                                          equivalents                CCIRS                   IRD exposure (receivable)
                                                                                 A$M                   A$M                  A$M                   A$M
                  30 June 2024
                  Fixed rate assets                                                    -                  -               5,459.0               5,459.0
                  Floating rate assets                                           1,785.3            6,867.3              (5,459.0)               3,193.6
                                                                                1,785.3             6,867.3                     -               8,652.6
                  30 June 2023
                  Fixed rate assets                                                   -                   -               3,341.0                3,341.0
                  Floating rate assets                                           1,360.1            6,184.9              (3,341.0)              4,204.0
                                                                                1,360.1             6,184.9                     -               7,545.0




                                                                                                                                                        160
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 GIT
                                                                          Cash and cash                  Impact of derivatives           Net interest rate
                                                                            equivalents                 CCIRS                   IRD exposure (receivable)
                                                                                   A$M                    A$M                  A$M                   A$M
                  30 June 2024
                  Fixed rate assets                                                     -                   -                4,684.3                4,684.3
                  Floating rate assets                                            1,018.2             3,798.0               (4,684.3)                  131.9
                                                                                 1,018.2              3,798.0                      -                4,816.2
                  30 June 2023
                  Fixed rate assets                                                   -                     -                 3,341.0                3,341.0
                  Floating rate assets                                            689.9               3,709.3                (3,341.0)               1,058.2
                                                                                  689.9               3,709.3                       -               4,399.2

                 As a result of the fixed rate interest bearing liabilities and derivative financial instruments that existed at 30 June 2024, Goodman and
                 GIT would have the following fixed payable interest rate exposure (by principal) at the end of each of the next five financial years. This




For personal use only
                 assumes all interest bearing liabilities and derivative financial instruments mature in accordance with current contractual terms and that
                 no new arrangements are entered into.

                 Goodman
                                                                                  2024                                            2023
                                                                 Fixed interest rate   Weighted average          Fixed interest rate   Weighted average
                  Number of years post                                (by principal)        interest rate            (by principal)1       interest rate1
                  balance date                                                  A$M        % per annum                          A$M        % per annum
                  1 year                                                   6,986.4                  2.75                    6,619.0                  2.15
                  2 years                                                   6,584.5                3.00                     5,868.2                2.40
                  3 years                                                   6,215.9                 3.28                   4,644.8                   2.71
                  4 years                                                   5,455.9                 3.47                    3,601.6                 3.10
                  5 years                                                    3,780.1                3.74                     2,761.5                3.43

                 GIT
                                                                                   2024                                           2023
                                                                 Fixed interest rate    Weighted average         Fixed interest rate   Weighted average
                  Number of years post                                (by principal)         interest rate            (by principal)        interest rate
                  balance date                                                  A$M         % per annum                         A$M        % per annum
                  1 year                                                    5,497.6                 3.04                     5,001.1               2.56
                  2 years                                                  5,046.7                  3.29                    4,981.7                 2.57
                  3 years                                                  4,697.4                  3.56                     3,913.7                2.91
                  4 years                                                    4,192.1                 3.73                  3,003.6                  3.37
                  5 years                                                    3,134.6                3.89                    2,242.2                 3.76

                 Sensitivity analysis
                 Throughout the financial year, if interest rates (based on cash and cash equivalents, interest bearing liabilities and derivative financial
                 instruments in place at the end of the year) had been 100 basis points per annum higher/lower, with all other variables held constant, the
                 loss attributable to Securityholders, excluding derivative mark to market movements, would have decreased/increased by A$1.5 million
                 (2023: profit increased/decreased by A$1.4 million) for Goodman and decreased/increased by A$16.8 million (2023: profit
                 increased/decreased by A$9.3 million) for GIT.




                                                                                                                                                           161
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 (b) Liquidity risk

                 Liquidity risk is the risk that Goodman will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. Goodman’s objective is to maintain
                 sufficient liquidity to fund short-term working capital, capital expenditure, investment opportunities, debt expiries and distributions. This is
                 achieved through the monthly preparation of a three-year cash flow forecast to understand the uses of funds and to identify potential
                 shortfalls in funding or potential breaches of financial covenants in its loan arrangements. This allows Goodman to plan for renewal of
                 debt facilities, negotiation of new debt facilities, new issues of securities, including the distribution reinvestment plan, and other potential
                 sources of funding.

                 Details of all debt maturities are reported to the Board at its regular meetings.

                 Goodman seeks to spread its debt maturities such that the total debt repayable in a single financial year does not exceed Board
                 approved policy levels.




For personal use only




                                                                                                                                                              162
                                                                                                   Goodman Group

            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            Capital management (continued)

            The contractual maturities of financial liabilities are set out below:

                                                                       Carrying Contractual Less than 1                     1-2                                       More than
                                                                       amount cash flows           year                   year(s) 2 - 3 years 3 - 4 years 4 - 5 years   5 years
             Goodman                                                        $M          $M          $M                       $M           $M          $M          $M         $M
             As at 30 June 2024
             Non-derivative financial liabilities
             Payables (excluding contract liabilities)                    1,161.9          1,161.9         828.0            199.3            67.3            44.9              22.4            -
             Lease liabilities                                              36.3              39.6            9.1             6.5             5.5             5.2               4.6          8.7
             Bank loans, secured1                                           65.6             65.6               1.7            2.5             2.5             4.8               6.1       48.0
                                              1
             Bank loans, unsecured                                         331.1              331.1             -               -            191.3             -                   -      139.8
             USD denominated notes, unsecured                          2,024.0            2,695.3            85.7            85.7            85.7          864.3               56.6      1,517.3
             EUR denominated notes, unsecured                           1,289.8            1,497.4           40.8           522.5             34.1          34.1                34.1      831.8




For personal use only
             Total non-derivative financial
             liabilities                                               4,908.7           5,790.9           965.3            816.5          386.4           953.3              123.8     2,545.6
             Derivative financial
             (assets)/liabilities - net
             Net settled2                                                  (57.8)           (55.7)          (29.3)          (29.2)           (6.4)           (2.0)              0.8         10.4
             Gross settled3 :
             (Inflow)                                                          -         (1,458.0)         (386.1)        (399.6)         (366.6)          (181.6)            (124.1)           -
             Outflow                                                       176.4            1,310.7          372.1         362.9           383.3             113.3              79.1            -
             Total derivative financial
             liabilities/(assets) - net                                    118.6         (203.0)            (43.3)          (65.9)           10.3          (70.3)             (44.2)       10.4
             As at 30 June 2023
             Non-derivative financial liabilities
             Payables (excluding contract liabilities)                  1,052.4           1,052.4           662.2          330.2            30.0            20.0               10.0            -
             Lease liabilities                                             67.7              119.7           12.3            11.0            7.4             6.4                6.0         76.6
             Bank loans, secured1                                           47.9             47.9                 -               -               -               -                -        47.9
                                              1
             Bank loans, unsecured                                        421.5              421.5                -               -              -         265.5                   -       156.0
             USD denominated notes, unsecured                           2,025.8           2,783.6            85.8            85.8            85.8           85.8               77.3      2,363.1
             EUR denominated notes, unsecured                             818.5             843.8             11.3            11.3          821.2               -                  -            -
             Total non-derivative financial
             liabilities                                               4,433.8           5,268.9            771.6          438.3           944.4           377.7               93.3     2,643.6
             Derivative financial
             (assets)/liabilities - net
             Net settled2                                                 (101.5)          (107.1)          (48.4)          (21.9)         (26.3)            (5.6)             (9.8)         4.9
                                    3
             Gross settled :
             (Inflow)                                                          -         (1,530.2)        (453.5)          (314.7)         (311.7)        (216.8)         (142.4)          (91.1)
             Outflow                                                      274.3            1,605.6         480.9           306.3           320.7           308.8            108.7          80.2
             Total derivative financial
             liabilities/(assets) - net                                   172.8             (31.7)          (21.0)          (30.3)          (17.3)           86.4             (43.5)       (6.0)
           1.           Contractual cash flows relating to bank loans exclude any estimate of interest payments that might arise under Goodman’s revolving loan facilities.
           2.           Net settled includes IRD and FEC.
           3.           Gross settled includes CCIRS.




                                                                                                                                                                                               163
                                                                                                  Goodman Group

            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
            Capital management (continued)

            The contractual maturities of financial liabilities are set out below:

                                                                       Carrying Contractual Less than 1                                                  More than 5
                                                                        amount   cash flows       year 1 - 2 year(s) 2 - 3 years 3 - 4 years 4 - 5 years       years
             GIT                                                            $M           $M        $M           $M           $M          $M          $M          $M
             As at 30 June 2024
             Non-derivative financial liabilities
             Payables                                                      701.6             701.6          256.2            123.7          134.6            96.7                 -         90.4
                                       1
             Bank loans, unsecured                                         139.8              139.8             -                -              -               -                 -        139.8
             USD denominated notes, unsecured                           2,024.0           2,695.3            85.7             85.7           85.7           864.3              56.6       1,517.3
             EUR denominated notes, unsecured                            1,289.8           1,497.4           40.8           522.5             34.1            34.1              34.1        831.8
             Total non-derivative financial
             liabilities                                                4,155.2           5,034.1          382.7            731.9          254.4            995.1             90.7      2,579.3
             Derivative financial (assets)/liabilities -
             net




For personal use only
                          2
             Net settled                                                    (21.3)           (24.3)          (25.0)          (10.6)            6.4            (2.9)            (3.0)        10.8
                             3
             Gross settled :
             (Inflow)                                                          -           (756.0)         (223.3)         (204.8)          (219.8)          (90.1)            (18.0)          -
             Outflow                                                       138.3            833.3           243.9           250.4            235.1            70.7             33.2            -
             Total derivative financial
             liabilities/(assets) - net                                    117.0             53.0             (4.4)          35.0             21.7          (22.3)             12.2        10.8
             As at 30 June 2023
             Non-derivative financial liabilities
             Payables                                                     948.9            948.9             170.9          328.0            126.2           20.5             46.6        256.7
             Bank loans, unsecured                                        156.0             156.0                 -              -               -              -                -        156.0
             USD denominated notes, unsecured                           2,025.8           2,783.6             85.8           85.8             85.8           85.8             77.3       2,363.1
             EUR denominated notes, unsecured                              818.5            843.8              11.3           11.3           821.2              -                -            -
             Total non-derivative financial
             liabilities                                               3,949.2           4,732.3           268.0            425.1        1,033.2            106.3             123.9     2,775.8
             Derivative financial (assets)/liabilities -
             net
             Net settled2                                                  (67.2)             (7.6)           10.8             (1.3)         (16.2)             1.1            (6.0)        4.0
                             3
             Gross settled :
             (Inflow)                                                         -             (494.1)         (199.1)         (82.9)           (79.1)          (57.7)           (57.6)        (17.7)
             Outflow                                                       206.1          1,050.4           322.3           202.1           225.8            180.1             78.5         41.6
             Total derivative financial
             liabilities/(assets) - net                                   138.9            548.7            134.0            117.9          130.5           123.5              14.9        27.9
            1.          Contractual cash flows relating to bank loans exclude any estimate of interest payments that might arise under Goodman’s revolving loan facilities.
            2.          Net settled includes IRD and FEC.
            3.          Gross settled includes CCIRS.




                                                                                                                                                                                               164
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 (c) Credit risk

                 Credit risk represents the loss that would be recognised if counterparties failed to perform as contracted.

                 The maximum exposure to credit risk on financial assets, excluding investments, which have been recognised on the statement of
                 financial position, is equal to the carrying amount.

                 Goodman has a policy of assessing the creditworthiness of all potential customers and is not materially exposed to any one customer.
                 Goodman evaluates all customers’ perceived credit risk and may require the lodgement of rental bonds or bank guarantees, as
                 appropriate, to reduce credit risk. In addition, all rents are payable monthly in advance. Bank guarantees are accepted from financial
                 institutions which have an investment grade credit rating from a major rating agency.

                 Concentration of credit risk may exist due to receivables in respect of the disposals of investment properties. The credit risk is minimised
                 as legal title to the properties is only transferred upon receipt of proceeds and typically Goodman will have either received a cash deposit




For personal use only
                 or be the beneficiary of a bank guarantee for 10% to 20% of the total proceeds.

                 In relation to material bank deposits, Goodman minimises credit risk by dealing with major financial institutions. The counterparty must
                 have a long-term investment grade credit rating from a major rating agency. The amounts and other terms associated with bank deposits
                 are formally reviewed monthly.

                 The credit risks associated with derivative financial instruments are managed by:

                 +      Transacting with multiple derivatives counterparties that have a long-term investment grade credit rating
                 +      Utilising ISDA agreements with derivative counterparties in order to limit exposure to credit risk through netting of amounts
                        receivable and amounts payable to individual counterparties (refer below)
                 +      Formally reviewing the mark to market position of derivative financial instruments by counterparty on a monthly basis.

                 Master netting off or similar agreements
                 Goodman enters into derivative transactions under ISDA master netting off agreements. Under these agreements, where certain credit
                 events occur (such as a default), all outstanding transactions under the agreement are terminated and a single net termination value is
                 payable in full and final settlement.

                 As Goodman does not have any current legally enforceable right to offset, the fair values associated with derivative financial instruments
                 have been presented gross in the statement of financial position. However, if a credit event occurred, the ISDA master netting off
                 agreement would allow A$289.0 million (2023: A$278.0 million) and A$185.4 million (2023: A$227.2 million) of financial assets and
                 financial liabilities in relation to Goodman’s and GIT’s respective derivative financial instruments to be offset.




                                                                                                                                                          165
                                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 (d) Fair values of financial instruments

                 The carrying amounts shown in the statement of financial position and fair values of financial assets and liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                               Goodman                                                       GIT
                                                                                 Carrying           Carrying                                Carrying             Carrying
                                                                                  amount Fair value  amount Fair value                       amount Fair value    amount Fair value
                                                                                   2024       2024     2023      2023                         2024       2024      2023       2023
                                                                                      $M        $M       $M        $M                            $M        $M         $M        $M
                  Financial assets
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                        1,785.3       1,785.3       1,360.1       1,360.1         1,018.2        1,018.2         689.9      689.9
                  Receivables                                                       399.6         399.6          474.1         474.1         2,536.1        2,536.1       3,364.5    3,364.5
                  Other financial assets:
                  – Interest rate derivatives (IRD)                                 197.1          197.1       305.4         305.4             130.0         130.0           211.0      211.0
                  – Cross currency interest rate swaps (CCIRS)                     189.8          189.8         136.2         136.2             110.9         110.9          97.5       97.5




For personal use only
                  – Foreign exchange contracts (FEC)                                 8.2            8.2           9.6           9.6                 -             -            0.2        0.2
                  – Investments in unlisted securities                              20.3           20.3           18.1          18.1             22.5          22.5           19.6       19.6
                                                                                2,600.3        2,600.3       2,303.5       2,303.5           3,817.7       3,817.7        4,382.7    4,382.7
                  Financial liabilities
                  Payables (excluding contract liabilities)                         1,161.9       1,161.9     1,052.4        1,052.4           701.6         701.6         948.9      948.9
                  Interest bearing liabilities1                                   3,686.7       3,529.8       3,292.9       3,034.9          3,432.5       3,272.9        2,982.8     2,721.5
                  Other financial liabilities:
                  – IRD                                                             107.0         107.0         142.4         142.4            99.6          99.6            141.2       141.2
                  – CCIRS                                                          366.2         366.2          410.5         410.5           249.2         249.2           303.6      303.6
                  – FEC                                                              40.5          40.5           71.1           71.1            9.1           9.1             2.7         2.7
                                                                                 5,362.3       5,205.4       4,969.3         4,711.3        4,492.0       4,332.4         4,379.2     4,117.9

                 1.     The fair value of certain fixed rate interest bearing liabilities has been determined by reference to the quoted market prices at 30 June 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                                            166
                                                                               Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 Fair value hierarchy
                 The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method:

                                                                                 Goodman                                         GIT
                                                                    Level 1    Level 2 Level 3          Total    Level 1   Level 2   Level 3       Total
                                                                       $M         $M      $M             $M         $M        $M        $M          $M
                  As at 30 June 2024
                  Derivative financial assets                            -      395.1          -       395.1          -     240.9          -      240.9
                  Investments in unlisted securities                     -           -      20.3        20.3          -          -      22.5       22.5
                                                                         -      395.1       20.3       415.4          -     240.9       22.5      263.4
                  Derivative financial liabilities                       -       513.7         -        513.7         -      357.9         -      357.9
                                                                         -      513.7          -       513.7          -     357.9          -      357.9
                  As at 30 June 2023
                  Derivative financial assets                            -      451.2           -      451.2          -     308.7          -      308.7
                  Investments in unlisted securities                     -          -         18.1       18.1         -         -       19.6        19.6




For personal use only
                                                                         -      451.2        18.1     469.3           -     308.7       19.6      328.3
                  Derivative financial liabilities                       -     624.0            -     624.0           -     447.5          -      447.5
                                                                         -     624.0            -     624.0           -     447.5          -      447.5

                 There were no transfers between the levels during the year.

                 Valuation techniques used to derive Level 2 and Level 3 fair values
                 The Level 2 derivative financial instruments held by Goodman and GIT consist of IRD, CCIRS and FEC.

                 The fair values of derivative financial instruments are determined using generally accepted pricing models which discount estimated
                 future cash flows based on the terms and maturity of each contract and current market interest rates and/or foreign currency rates,
                 adjusted for specific features of the instruments.




                                                                                                                                                       167
                                                                              Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 18 Dividends and distributions

                 Dividends and distributions are recognised when they are declared and before deduction of any withholding tax. Any non-recoverable
                 withholding tax is included in income tax.

                 Goodman

                 FY24 dividends/distributions
                                                                                        Dividends/distributions      Total amount                 Date of
                                                                                             cents per security               $M                 payment
                  GL                                                                                         -                 -                     n/a
                  GIT
                  – 31 December 2023                                                                        15.0            284.9            23 Feb 2024
                  – 30 June 2024                                                                             11.0           208.9            26 Aug 2024
                  GLHK                                                                                       4.0             76.0            26 Aug 2024




For personal use only
                                                                                                           30.0             569.8

                 FY23 dividends/distributions

                                                                                        Dividends/distributions      Total amount                 Date of
                                                                                             cents per security               $M                 payment
                  GL                                                                                         -                 -                     n/a
                  GIT
                  – 31 December 2022                                                                        15.0             282.1           24 Feb 2023
                  – 30 June 2023                                                                            10.0             188.3           25 Aug 2023
                  GLHK                                                                                       5.0              94.2           25 Aug 2023
                                                                                                           30.0             564.6

                 GIT

                 In FY24, GIT’s distributions were 26.0 cents per security (2023: 25.0 cents per security) amounting to $493.8 million (2023: $470.5
                 million).

                 Movement in provision for dividends/distributions to Securityholders

                                                                                                   Goodman                                 GIT
                                                                                                  2024       2023                     2024          2023
                                                                                                    $M         $M                       $M            $M
                  Balance at the beginning of the year                                            282.5    280.0                      188.4        233.5
                  Provisions for dividends/distributions                                         569.8     564.6                     493.8         470.5
                  Dividends/distributions paid                                                   (567.4)    (562.1)                  (473.3)       (515.6)
                  Balance at the end of the year                                                 284.9     282.5                     208.9         188.4




                                                                                                                                                        168
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 19 Issued capital

                 (a) Ordinary securities

                 Ordinary securities are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to issues of ordinary securities are recognised as a
                 deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.

                                                                                                        Goodman                               GIT
                                                                   2024              2023              2024            2023                2024            2023
                                                                Number of securities                     $M              $M                  $M              $M
                  Stapled securities:
                  – Issued and fully paid                    1,899,182,071     1,883,819,883       8,504.9         8,434.5               8,717.7        8,504.3
                  Less: Accumulated issue costs                                                       (161.3)         (161.2)            (149.0)          (148.9)
                  Total issued capital                       1,899,182,071    1,883,819,883        8,343.6         8,273.3             8,568.7          8,355.4




For personal use only
                 Terms and conditions
                 Stapled security means one share in the Company stapled to one unit in the Trust and one CDI over a share in GLHK. Holders of stapled
                 securities are entitled to receive dividends or distributions as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per security at
                 Securityholders’ meetings. In the event of a winding up, Securityholders rank after creditors and are fully entitled to any net proceeds of
                 liquidation.

                 Movement in ordinary securities

                                                                                                                      Number of       Goodman                GIT
                  Date                        Details                                                                  securities            $M               $M
                  30 June 2022                Balance before accumulated issue costs                             1,868,222,609          8,367.1         8,303.3
                  1 September 2022            Securities issued to employees under the LTIP                            13,479,812              -           158.5
                  1 September 2022            Treasury securities allocated to employees under the LTIP               (1,233,333)              -               -
                  19 May 2023                 Issue of securities                                                      3,350,795           67.4             42.5
                  30 June 2023                Balance before accumulated issue costs                               1,883,819,883       8,434.5          8,504.3
                  28 August 2023              Issue of securities                                                      3,164,056          70.4              43.9
                  30 August 2023              Securities issued to employees under the LTIP                             12,198,132             -           169.5
                                              Less: Accumulated issue costs                                                               (161.3)         (149.0)
                  30 June 2024                Closing balance                                                    1,899,182,071         8,343.6          8,568.7

                 (b) Share-based payments

                 LTIP
                 The Group’s share-based payments primarily relate to performance rights awarded to employees under the LTIP. These performance
                 rights entitle an employee to either acquire Goodman securities for $nil consideration (equity settled performance rights) or, in certain
                 jurisdictions, to receive an amount in cash equal to the value of the securities (cash settled performance rights), subject to the vesting
                 conditions having been satisfied. Further details regarding the vesting conditions are included in the remuneration report section of the
                 Directors’ report.

                 During the year, the movement in the number of performance rights under the LTIP was as follows:

                                                                                                                                     Number of rights
                                                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                  Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                                                       76,318,090           71,750,644
                  Granted                                                                                                         22,131,302          22,431,397
                  Exercised                                                                                                       (15,363,511)      (16,830,607)
                  Forfeited                                                                                                       (3,945,137)          (1,033,344)
                  Outstanding at the end of the year                                                                             79,140,744         76,318,090
                  Exercisable at the end of the year                                                                                       -                    -




                                                                                                                                                               169
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 Share-based payments transactions
                 The fair value of equity settled performance rights at the grant date is expensed with a corresponding increase in the employee
                 compensation reserve over the period from the grant date to the vesting dates. The expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of
                 performance rights for which the related service and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be met. The accumulated share-
                 based payments expense of performance rights which have vested or lapsed is transferred from the employee compensation reserve to
                 retained earnings.

                 The fair value of cash settled performance rights is also recognised as an expense but with a corresponding increase in liabilities over the
                 vesting period. The expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of performance rights for which the related service and non-market
                 vesting conditions are expected to be met. The liability is remeasured at each reporting date and at the vesting date based on the fair
                 value of the rights.

                 The fair value of services received in return for performance rights granted under the LTIP is measured by reference to the fair value of
                 the performance rights granted. The fair value of the performance rights granted during the year was measured as follows:




For personal use only
                 +      Operating EPS tranches: these rights were valued as a granted call option, using the standard Black Scholes model with a
                        continuous dividend/distribution yield
                 +      Relative TSR tranches: these rights were valued using a Monte Carlo model which simulated total returns for each of the ASX 100
                        stocks and discounted the future value of any potential future vesting performance rights to arrive at a present value. The model
                        uses statistical analysis to forecast total returns, based on expected parameters of variance and co-variance.

                 The model inputs for performance rights, both equity and cash settled, awarded during the current financial year included the following:

                                                                                                                10-year rights 10-year rights 5-year rights
                                                                                                                    issued on      issued on     issued on
                                                                                                                 14 Nov 2023 29 Sep 2023 29 Sep 2023
                  Fair value at measurement date ($)                                                                    18.93          17.44         18.09
                  Security price ($)                                                                                    22.77          21.45         21.45
                  Exercise price ($)                                                                                         -             -              -
                  Expected volatility (%)                                                                              28.06           27.88         29.89
                  Rights' expected weighted average life (years)                                                           6.8           6.9            3.9
                  Dividend/distribution yield per annum (%)                                                               1.32          1.40           1.40
                  Average risk free rate of interest per annum (%)                                                       4.47           4.27           4.10

                 The model inputs for the remeasurement of the cash settled performance rights at 30 June 2024 included the following:

                                                                     10-year      10-year      10-year      5-year      5-year      5-year       5-year      5-year
                                                                       rights       rights       rights      rights      rights       rights      rights      rights
                                                                   issued in    issued in    issued in    issued In   issued In   issued In    issued In   issued In
                                                                       FY24         FY23         FY22        FY24        FY23         FY22         FY21       FY20
                  Fair value at measurement date ($)                   21.85       29.48        29.86        26.47       30.74       34.40        34.55       34.70
                  Security price ($)                                  34.75        34.75        34.75        34.75       34.75       34.75        34.75       34.75
                  Exercise price ($)                                        -            -            -           -          -             -          -           -
                  Expected volatility (%)                              63.81       27.69         27.36       27.07       26.35        25.21       23.65       23.27
                  Rights' expected weighted average life (years)         6.2           5.2         4.2         3.2         2.2           1.2        0.7         0.2
                  Dividend/distribution yield per annum (%)            0.86         0.86         0.86         0.86        0.86         0.86        0.86        0.86
                  Average risk free rate of interest per annum (%)       4.17         4.15         4.18        4.12       4.25         4.34        4.43        4.38

                 The amounts recognised as a share-based payments expense in the consolidated income statement are set out in note 1. At 30 June
                 2024, a liability of $294.8 million (2023: $146.1 million) was recognised in relation to cash settled performance rights.




                                                                                                                                                                  170
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Capital management (continued)

                 OTHER ITEMS


                    The notes in this section set out other information that is required to be disclosed to comply with the Australian Accounting Standards,
                    Corporations Act 2001 or Corporations Regulations.


                 20 Notes to the cash flow statements

                 (a) Reconciliation of cash

                 For the purpose of the cash flow statements, cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand at the bank and short-term deposits at call.
                 Cash at the end of the year as shown in the cash flow statements is reconciled to the related items in the statements of financial position
                 as follows:
                                                                                                      Goodman                               GIT




For personal use only
                                                                                                     2024            2023             2024            2023
                                                                                                       $M              $M                $M               $M
                 Bank balances                                                                    1,474.8          1,360.1            707.7          689.9
                 Call deposits                                                                      310.5               -             310.5                -
                                                                                                 1,785.3          1,360.1           1,018.2          689.9

                 (b) Reconciliation of profit for the year to net cash provided by operating activities

                                                                                                      Goodman                               GIT
                                                                                                     2024        2023                   2024            2023
                                                                                                       $M          $M                     $M               $M
                  (Loss)/profit for the year                                                         (98.9)   1,559.9                   (417.1)       1,138.0
                  Items classified as investing activities
                  Net (gain)/loss on disposal of investment properties                                 (5.0)           (3.6)             (5.0)          0.6
                  Net gain on disposal of controlled entities and assets held for sale              (208.0)            (4.3)                -           (4.3)
                  Non-cash items
                  Amortisation and depreciation                                                        17.5             16.7                 -              -
                  Share based payments expense                                                       501.4          286.0                    -              -
                  Net gain from fair value adjustments on investment properties                       (6.0)         (278.9)             (44.4)       (229.0)
                  Share of net results of equity accounted investments                               796.7        (1,022.4)             545.1        (1,079.1)
                  Net finance expense                                                                 22.5           234.8                (8.5)          57.1
                  Income tax expense/(credit)                                                         41.9            182.2            (106.2)           99.1
                                                                                                   1,062.1          970.4               (36.1)          (17.6)
                  Changes in assets and liabilities during the year:
                  – Decrease /(increase) in receivables                                                 12.6            10.2               (1.4)         0.2
                  – (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                              (230.0)            (27.5)                 -          5.9
                  – Decrease in other assets                                                              8.1             1.5             0.9            0.3
                  – (Decrease)/increase in payables                                                  (109.6)          (47.5)               7.6            1.9
                  – Increase/(decrease) in provisions                                                    2.0             (2.6)                -             -
                                                                                                     745.2          904.5              (29.0)           (9.3)
                  Distributions/dividends received from Partnerships                                 609.3           583.5             332.2          301.3
                  Net finance costs paid                                                               (41.3)         (39.7)             (111.2)       (82.8)
                  Net income taxes paid                                                              (124.6)          (164.1)              (1.6)         (2.1)
                  Net cash provided by operating activities                                        1,188.6        1,284.2              190.4          207.1

                 (c) Non-cash transactions

                 On 28 March 2024, GMT completed the internalisation of its management and acquired Goodman Property Services (NZ) Limited
                 (GPSNZ) from the Group. The total consideration received by the Group, which related to the disposal of GPSNZ, the termination of the
                 management rights agreement, other performance and advisory fees and the disposal of two investment properties, amounted to
                 $286.4 million. This was immediately used by the Group to subscribe for new units in GMT, with no cash flows occurring.
                 Other than disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, there were no other significant non-cash transactions during
                 the current and prior year.
                                                                                                                                                            171
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Other items (continued)

                 (d) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                         Interest      Derivative
                                                                                         bearing         financial   Provision for      Lease
                                                                                       liabilities   instruments     distributions   liabilities      Total
                  Goodman                                                                     $M              $M               $M            $M         $M
                  Balance at 30 June 2022                                              2,832.2              34.5           280.0         70.6      3,217.3
                  Changes from financing cash flows
                  Proceeds from borrowings and derivative financial
                  instruments                                                           1,029.3                 -               -            -     1,029.3
                  Payments on borrowings and derivative financial
                  instruments                                                            (687.5)            (84.5)             -              -    (772.0)
                  Payment of lease liabilities                                                 -                -              -          (13.2)      (13.2)
                  Distributions paid                                                           -                -          (562.1)            -     (562.1)
                  Total changes from financing cash flows                                 341.8            (84.5)         (562.1)        (13.2)     (318.0)




For personal use only
                  Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                              115.6              1.5              -            2.5      119.6
                  Changes in fair value                                                        -            221.3              -              -      221.3
                  Other changes
                  New leases                                                                 -                 -              -          10.9         10.9
                  Other borrowing costs                                                    3.3                 -              -              -         3.3
                  Interest expense on lease liabilities                                      -                 -              -            1.0          1.0
                  Disposal of right of use assets                                            -                 -              -           (4.1)        (4.1)
                  Distributions declared                                                     -                 -          564.6              -      564.6
                  Total other changes                                                      3.3                 -          564.6           7.8       575.7
                  Balance at 30 June 2023                                              3,292.9             172.8          282.5          67.7      3,815.9
                  Proceeds from borrowings and derivative financial
                  instruments                                                            849.8                  -               -            -      849.8
                  Payments on borrowings and derivative financial
                  instruments                                                            (385.3)            (70.7)              -             -    (456.0)
                  Payment of lease liabilities                                                -                 -               -         (11.9)      (11.9)
                  Distributions paid                                                          -                 -          (567.4)            -    (567.4)
                  Total changes from financing cash flows                                464.5             (70.7)         (567.4)        (11.9)     (185.5)
                  Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates                              (70.1)             6.2               -             -      (63.9)
                  Changes in fair value                                                       -              10.3               -             -       10.3
                  Other changes
                  New leases                                                                  -                -              -            3.6          3.6
                  Other borrowing costs                                                    (0.6)               -              -              -         (0.6)
                  Disposal of right of use assets                                             -                -              -           (23.1)      (23.1)
                  Distributions declared                                                      -                -          569.8              -      569.8
                  Total other changes                                                     (0.6)                -          569.8          (19.5)     549.7
                  Balance at 30 June 2024                                              3,686.7             118.6          284.9          36.3      4,126.5




                                                                                                                                                          172
                                                                      Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Other items (continued)

                                                                          Interest    Derivatives                     Loans with
                                                                          bearing       used for      Provision for       related
                                                                        liabilities     hedging       distributions   parties, net     Total
                  GIT                                                          $M             $M                $M             $M        $M
                  Balance at 30 June 2022                               2,825.4              8.3            233.5       (2,540.7)     526.5
                  Changes from financing cash flows
                  Net cash flows from loans to related parties                  -            11.9                -          179.8       191.7
                  Proceeds from borrowings and derivative financial
                  instruments                                               712.3               -                -              -      712.3
                  Payments on borrowings and derivative financial
                  instruments                                             (687.4)           (35.5)               -              -     (722.9)
                  Distributions paid                                           -                 -          (515.6)             -      (515.6)
                  Total changes from financing cash flows                  24.9            (23.6)          (515.6)         179.8      (334.5)
                  Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates              127.9              (2.5)              -         (163.4)      (38.0)
                  Changes in fair value                                        -           156.6                 -              -       156.6




For personal use only
                  Other changes
                  Issue of units under the LTIP                               -               -                -            (158.5)   (158.5)
                  Equity settled share based payments transactions            -               -                -             (32.9)    (32.9)
                  Interest income                                             -               -                -             (93.8)    (93.8)
                  Interest expense                                            -               -                -              20.1      20.1
                  Interest paid                                               -               -                -              12.8      12.8
                  Other borrowing costs                                     4.6               -                -                  -      4.6
                  Derivative financial instrument settlement                  -               -                -               11.9      11.9
                  Distributions declared                                      -               -            470.5                  -   470.5
                  Total other changes                                       4.6               -            470.5          (240.4)     234.7
                  Balance at 30 June 2023                               2,982.8           138.8            188.4        (2,764.7)     545.3
                  Changes from financing cash flows
                  Net cash flows from loans to related parties                  -               -                -         956.2      956.2
                  Proceeds from borrowings and derivative financial
                  instruments                                             824.8                 -                -              -     824.8
                  Payments on borrowings and derivative financial
                  instruments                                             (326.5)           (37.0)               -             -      (363.5)
                  Distributions paid                                           -                -           (473.3)            -      (473.3)
                  Total changes from financing cash flows                 498.3            (37.0)          (473.3)        956.2        944.2
                  Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates              (46.3)            (0.9)               -        (169.8)      (217.0)
                  Changes in fair value                                        -              16.1               -             -          16.1
                  Other changes
                  Issue of units under the LTIP                                 -              -               -                 -           -
                  Equity settled share based payments transactions              -              -               -             (46.1)      (46.1)
                  Interest income                                               -              -               -            (161.6)     (161.6)
                  Interest expense                                              -              -               -             29.6        29.6
                  Interest paid                                                 -              -               -              19.9        19.9
                  Other borrowing costs                                      4.9               -               -                 -         4.9
                  Debt modification costs                                    (7.2)             -               -                 -        (7.2)
                  Distributions declared                                        -              -           493.8                 -     493.8
                  Total other changes                                       (2.3)              -           493.8          (158.2)      333.3
                  Balance at 30 June 2024                               3,432.5            117.0           208.9        (2,136.5)     1,621.9




                                                                                                                                             173
                                                                                             Goodman Group

                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                    Other items (continued)

                    21 Equity attributable to Goodman Limited and non-controlling interests

                    Under Australian Accounting Standards, stapled entities are required to separately identify equity attributable to the parent entity from
                    equity attributable to other entities stapled to the parent. The equity attributable to other entities stapled to the parent is presented as
                    non-controlling interests in the statement of financial position of the Group. The tables below in notes 21(a) and 21(b) provide an analysis of
                    equity, profit for the year and total comprehensive income for the year attributable to each of Goodman Limited and the other entities
                    stapled to Goodman Limited (non-controlling interests).

                    (a) Equity attributable to Goodman Limited


                                                                                                                          Attributable to Goodman Limited




                                                                                                                             Employee compensation   Defined benefit retirement
                                                                                                 Foreign currency




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Retained earnings
                                                                            Issued capital                                                                                        Total reserves


                                                                            $M                   translation reserve $M      reserve $M              schemes reserve $M           $M                 $M                       Total $M
                        Balance at 1 July 2022                              514.3                (76.4)                       52.4                   (22.3)                       (46.3)           1,824.9               2,292.9
                        Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the
                        year
                        Profit for the year                                           -                          -                          -                          -                    -        288.2                288.2
                        Other comprehensive income/(loss)
                        Effect of foreign currency translation                        -                  8.9                                -                (2.2)                     6.7                       -           6.7
                        Actuarial losses on defined benefit
                        superannuation funds                                          -                          -                          -                          -                    -                    -               -
                        Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the
                        year, net of income tax                                       -                 8.9                        -                      (2.2)                      6.7            288.2                 294.9
                        Transfers                                                     -                   -                   (115.6)                        -                     (115.6)           115.6                    -
                        Contributions by and distributions to owners
                        Issue of securities                                    13.0                              -                          -                          -                    -                    -          13.0
                        Issue costs                                             (0.1)                            -                          -                          -                    -                    -           (0.1)
                        Equity settled share based payments
                        transactions                                           -                     -                         129.1                     -                         129.1                 -                 129.1
                        Deferred tax associated with the LTIP                  -                     -                           1.6                     -                           1.6                 -                   1.6
                        Balance at 30 June 2023                            527.2                 (67.5)                        67.5                  (24.5)                       (24.5)           2,228.7               2,731.4




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 174
                                                                                        Goodman Group

                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                    Other items (continued)

                                                                                                                     Attributable to Goodman Limited




                                                                                                                        Employee compensation   Defined benefit retirement
                                                                                            Foreign currency
                                                                                                                                                                                                Retained earnings
                                                                       Issued capital                                                                                        Total reserves


                                                                       $M                   translation reserve $M      reserve $M              schemes reserve $M           $M                 $M                       Total $M

                        Balance at 1 July 2023                         527.2                (67.5)                        67.5                  (24.5)                       (24.5)           2,228.7               2,731.4
                        Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the
                        year
                        Profit for the year                                      -                          -                          -                          -                    -         401.1                401.1




For personal use only
                        Other comprehensive income/(loss)
                        Effect of foreign currency translation                   -            (45.7)                                   -                   0.1                (45.6)                        -         (45.6)
                        Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the
                        year, net of income tax                                  -          (45.7)                          -                             0.1                (45.6)             401.1                355.5
                        Transfers                                                -              -                      (148.6)                              -                (148.6)            148.6                    -
                        Contributions by and distributions to owners
                        Issue of securities                               13.5                              -                          -                          -                    -                    -          13.5
                        Equity settled share based payments
                        transactions                                       -                     -                       156.5                      -                        156.5                  -                 156.5
                        Deferred tax associated with the LTIP              -                     -                         10.3                     -                         10.3                  -                  10.3
                        Balance at 30 June 2024                        540.7                (113.2)                       85.7                  (24.4)                       (51.9)           2,778.4               3,267.2




                                                                                                                                                                                                                            175
                                                                                                           Goodman Group

                    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                    Other items (continued)

                    (b) Equity attributable to other entities stapled to Goodman Limited (non-controlling interests)

                                                                         Attributable to other entities stapled to Goodman Limited (non-controlling interests)



                                                                               Asset revaluation reserve   Cash flow hedge reserve                            Employee compensation
                                                                                                                                     Foreign currency
                                                                                                                                                                                      Defined benefit
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Retained earnings
                                                              Issued capital                                                                                                          retirement schemes   Total reserves


                                                              $M               $M                          $M                        translation reserve $M   reserve $M              reserve $M           $M                 $M
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     $M
                        Balance at 1 July 2022               7,691.8                (6.4)                           11.1             129.8                    273.1                           (8.6)        399.0            6,041.1                14,131.9
                        Total comprehensive




For personal use only
                        income/(loss) for the year
                        Ot e for
                        Profit cothep year
                                       e e s e                          -                        -                         -                         -                       -                      -                -        1,271.7               1,271.7
                        income/(loss)
                        Effect of foreign currency
                        translation                                     -             (0.5)                        0.5               354.3                                   -                 (0.4)       353.9                          -         353.9
                        Actuarial losses on defined
                        benefit superannuation funds                    -                -                           -                               -                       -                  0.5            0.5                        -            0.5
                        Other changes                                   -             (0.2)                        2.4                               -                       -                    -            2.2                        -            2.2
                        Total comprehensive
                        income/(loss) for the year, net of
                        income tax                                      -           (0.7)                         2.9                354.3                                   -                   0.1       356.6             1,271.7               1,628.3
                        Contributions by and
                        distributions to owners
                        Dividends/distributions on
                        stapled securities                        -                              -                         -                         -                       -                      -                -       (564.6)               (564.6)
                        Issue of stapled securities            54.4                              -                         -                         -                       -                      -                -            -                  54.4
                        Issue costs                             (0.1)                            -                         -                         -                       -                      -                -            -                   (0.1)
                        Equity settled share based
                        payments transactions                      -                     -                        -                      -                     43.5                              -          43.5                  -                   43.5
                        Balance at 30 June 2023              7,746.1                   (7.1)                   14.0                  484.1                    316.6                           (8.5)        799.1            6,748.2               15,293.4




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          176
                                                                                                               Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Other items (continued)

                                                                       Attributable to other entities stapled to Goodman Limited (non-controlling interests)




                                                                                Asset revaluation reserve $M     Cash flow hedge reserve $M
                                                                                                                                              Foreign currency translation                           Defined benefit retirement
                                                                                                                                                                             Employee compensation
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Retained earnings
                                                         Issued capital                                                                                                                                                           Total reserves


                                                         $M                                                                                   reserve $M                     reserve $M              schemes reserve $M           $M                 $M
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            $M
                  Balance at 1 July 2023               7,746.1                 (7.1)                           14.0                           484.1                          316.6                        (8.5)                   799.1            6,748.2               15,293.4
                  Total comprehensive
                  (loss)/income for the year
                  Loss for the year                                -                       -                                -                                     -                         -                          -                    -       (500.0)               (500.0)




For personal use only
                  Other comprehensive
                  (loss)/income
                  Effect of foreign currency
                  translation                                      -            0.1                                         -                   (70.4)                                      -                   0.1                (70.2)                        -          (70.2)
                  Actuarial losses on defined
                  benefit superannuation funds                     -             -                                 -                                              -                         -                (3.5)                    (3.5)                      -           (3.5)
                  Other changes                                    -            0.1                             (6.8)                                             -                         -                   -                     (6.7)                      -           (6.7)
                  Total comprehensive
                  (loss)/income for the year, net of
                  income tax                                       -           0.2                             (6.8)                          (70.4)                                        -             (3.4)                   (80.4)           (500.0)                (580.4)
                  Contributions by and
                  distributions to owners
                  Dividends/distributions on
                  stapled securities                         -                             -                                -                                     -                         -                          -                    -       (569.8)               (569.8)
                  Issue of stapled securities             56.9                             -                                -                                     -                         -                          -                    -            -                  56.9
                  Issue costs                              (0.1)                           -                                -                                     -                         -                          -                    -            -                   (0.1)
                  Equity settled share based
                  payments transactions                      -                   -                                -                               -                           70.7                            -                    70.7                  -                   70.7
                  Balance at 30 June 2024              7,802.9                (6.9)                             7.2                           413.7                          387.3                        (11.9)                  789.4            5,678.4               14,270.7




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                177
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Other items (continued)

                 22 Controlled entities

                 Controlled entities are entities controlled by the Company. Under Australian Accounting Standards, the Company is identified as having
                 acquired control over the assets of the Trust and GLHK. The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of all
                 controlled entities as at 30 June 2024 and the results of all such entities for the year ended 30 June 2024.

                 Where an entity either began or ceased to be controlled during the financial year, the results of that entity are included only from or to the
                 date control commenced or ceased. The assets and liabilities of an entity that ceased to be controlled are derecognised on the date
                 control ceased. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in the income statement.

                 Unrealised gains and losses and inter-entity balances resulting from transactions with or between controlled entities are eliminated in full
                 on consolidation.

                 Refer to the Consolidated entity disclosure statement for a listing of controlled entities of the Company.




For personal use only
                 23 Related parties

                 The names of KMP of Goodman at any time during the financial year are as follows:

                   Non-executive Directors - GL and GFML                           Executive KMP
                   Stephen Johns                                                   Gregory Goodman
                   Christopher Green                                               Danny Peeters
                   Mark Johnson                                                    Anthony Rozic
                   Vanessa Liu                                                     Nick Kurtis
                   Phillip Pryke (retired on 10 April 2024)                        Nick Vrondas
                   Belinda Robson
                   Hilary Spann
                   George Zoghbi


                   Non-Executive Directors - GLHK
                   Kitty Chung
                   David Collins




                                                                                                                                                             178
                                                                                              Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Other items (continued)

                 Remuneration of KMP
                 The KMP remuneration totals are as follows:

                                                                                                                   Goodman            Goodman Limited 1
                                                                                                                  2024         2023     2024            2023
                                                                                                                  $000         $000     $000            $000
                  Short-term employee benefits                                                                 8,230.9      8,654.0        -               -
                  Post-employment benefits                                                                       240.6        209.9        -               -
                  Equity compensation benefits                                                                39,479.4     37,769.7        -               -
                  Long-term employee benefits                                                                  4,986.2      4,536.4        -               -
                                                                                                              52,937.1     51,170.0        -               -

                 1.     The remuneration is paid by wholly owned controlled entities of Goodman Limited.

                 GIT does not employ personnel in its own right. However, it is required to have an incorporated responsible entity to manage its activities
                 and GFML is considered to be the key management personnel of GIT.




For personal use only
                 Individual Directors’ and executives’ compensation disclosures
                 Information regarding individual Directors’ and executives’ compensation and some equity instruments disclosures as required by
                 Corporations Regulations 2M.3.03 is provided in the remuneration report section of the Directors’ report.

                 GreenPoint Real Estate Innovation and Technology Venture, LP (GreenPoint)
                 In order to enhance understanding of and access to technologies that may influence the property sector and the business, GIT
                 committed to investing USD15.0 million in GreenPoint, a property technology fund that is a Delaware limited partnership, managed by
                 GreenPoint Partners. GreenPoint Partners is beneficially owned and controlled by Christopher Green, a director of GL. Total investment
                 in GreenPoint at 30 June 2024 was USD9.5 million (2023: USD7.2 million). No distributions were received from GreenPoint in the current
                 year and prior year.

                 Wyuna Regenerative Ag Investment Fund (Wyuna)
                 As part of its sustainability strategy, Goodman has committed to investing up to $30.0 million in an integrated carbon credit and
                 regenerative platform in Australia – Wyuna. Investing alongside Australia’s Clean Energy Finance Corporation, this project assists land
                 regeneration, sustainable food production and land-based solutions to climate change. Wyuna is managed by Wyuna Regenerative Ag
                 Pty Limited, which is 50% owned by Christopher Green, a director of GL.

                 Total investment in Wyuna at 30 June 2024 was $14.9 million (2023: $11.9 million). No distributions were received from Wyuna in the
                 current and prior year.




                                                                                                                                                           179
                                                                                            Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Other items (continued)

                 Transactions with associates and JVs
                 The transactions with Partnerships during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                      Revenue from management                Interest charged on loans
                                                                                                       and development activities                to associates and JVs
                                                                                                            2024          2023                    2024           2023
                  Goodman                                                                                   $000          $000                   $000            $000
                  Associates                                                                           866,519.6     683,993.9                        -               -
                  JVs                                                                                 524,507.0       495,718.3                       -         2,117.3
                  GIT
                  Associates                                                                                       -               -                -              (19.1)
                  JVs                                                                                              -               -         20,861.8          1,688.6

                 In addition to the transactions included in the table above:




For personal use only
                 +       On 28 March 2024, GMT completed the internalisation of its management and acquired Goodman Property Services (NZ) Limited
                         from the Group. The total consideration of $286.4 million, which also included amounts for performance and advisory fees and the
                         acquisition of two investment properties was immediately used by the Group to subscribe for new units in GMT.
                 +       Goodman disposed of a 49% interest in five controlled entities to GAIP, creating a new South Sydney Partnership (SSP) with GAIP.
                         The transactions were accounted for as a disposal of controlled entities for gross proceeds of $992.0 million. Goodman’s
                         investment in SSP on conclusion of the transaction was $505.9 million. Four of the controlled entities disposed to GAIP were by GIT
                         for gross proceeds of $839.2 million.
                 +       Goodman incurred $3.7 million (2023: $3.6 million) of costs on transactions with Partnerships, primarily for the leasing of office
                         premises.
                 +       In the prior year, Goodman disposed of a 40% interest in a JV to GAIP for proceeds of $353.7 million.

                 Amounts due from Partnerships at 30 June 2024 were as follows:

                                                                Goodman                                                                    GIT
                                                  Amounts due from                      Loans provided                    Amounts due from
                                                                                                      1
                                                     related parties                      by Goodman                         related parties       Loans provided by GIT1
                                                 2024         2023                  2024         2023                    2024         2023           2024          2023
                                                 $000         $000                  $000         $000                    $000         $000           $000          $000
                  Associates
                  GAIP                       16,047.3         16,074.7                  -                 -                    -         -               -                  -
                  GAP                         5,956.9          5,982.5                  -                 -                    -         -               -                  -
                  GMT                               -          3,905.5                  -                 -                    -         -               -                  -
                  GHKLP                      17,544.7         16,637.9                  -                 -                    -         -               -                  -
                  GJCP                        3,483.5          5,457.5                  -                 -                    -         -               -                  -
                  GEP                         8,968.7         10,782.8                  -                 -                    -         -               -                  -
                                             52,001.1        58,840.9                   -                 -                    -         -               -                  -
                  JVs
                  GCLP                       9,589.2           6,455.2                -                  -                   -           -               -              -
                  GUKP                       2,365.7           2,442.5                -                  -                   -           -               -              -
                  GNAP                       9,922.4          10,864.8                -                  -                   -           -               -              -
                  Other JVs                 13,947.0           21,577.5       169,993.2          228,184.2             6,710.7     8,984.7       186,028.5       221,188.1
                                            35,824.3         41,340.0         169,993.2         228,184.2              6,710.7     8,984.7       186,028.5      221,188.1
                 1.     Loans provided by Goodman and GIT to associates and JVs have been provided on an arm’s length basis.




                                                                                                                                                                            180
                                                                                  Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Other items (continued)

                 Transactions between GIT and other Goodman entities
                 The transactions with other Goodman entities during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                                                               GIT
                                                                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                                                                           $000            $000
                  Management fees                                                                                                         296.9          1,045.5
                  Reimbursement of expenses                                                                                            43,598.3          71,192.7
                  Acquisition of investment properties                                                                                472,932.0                 -

                 Interest bearing loans exist between GIT and other Goodman entities. At 30 June 2024, interest bearing loans of $2,341.5 million (2023:
                 $3,114.4 million) were receivable by GIT from other Goodman entities and $391.0 million (2023: $572.7 million) was payable by GIT to
                 other Goodman entities. Loans to related Goodman entities bear interest at rates referenced to GIT’s external funding arrangements.

                 24 Commitments




For personal use only
                 Development activities
                 At 30 June 2024, Goodman was committed to expenditure in respect of $189.0 million (2023: $641.5 million) on inventories and other
                 development activities. GIT had no such commitments (2023: $nil).

                 Investment properties
                 At 30 June 2024, Goodman had capital commitments of $5.8 million (2023: $90.1 million) in respect of investment properties. GIT had
                 $nil (2023: $86.7 million) of such commitments.

                 Partnerships
                 At 30 June 2024, Goodman had remaining equity commitments of $600.0 million (2023: $nil) into GAIP and $143.0 million (2023: $145.8
                 million) into GEP. In addition, Goodman has undertaken to acquire up to 82.1 million units in GAIP if their holder elects to sell them. The
                 price Goodman will pay will be determined by the prevailing unit price at the time of the sale. As at 30 June 2024, this equates to a total
                 value of $131.3 million (2023: $173.8 million) (cum distribution value). Goodman's commitment to this sale process ends in May 2026.
                 These commitments also apply to GIT.

                 In relation to GEP, Goodman offers two liquidity facilities which allow certain of the partners to sell to the Group some or all of their
                 investments in GEP, but only when Goodman’s ownership interest in GEP is below 40.0%. At 30 June 2024, Goodman’s ownership
                 interest in GEP was 19.8% and therefore the facilities are available to the partners. The first facility, which applies to 1.3% of the issued and
                 committed units, would require Goodman to purchase up to €37.6 million of units (at a 1% discount to current unit value), subject to a
                 maximum in each quarter of 2.5% of units. The second facility, which applies to 32.0% of the issued and committed units, would require
                 Goodman to purchase up to €150.0 million of units (at a 5% discount to current unit value), subject to a maximum in each calendar year
                 of €50.0 million.

                 Furthermore, in respect of certain Partnerships, Goodman and its investment partners have committed to invest further capital, subject
                 to the approval by the partners (including Goodman) of the expenditures for which the funding is required. Goodman’s commitment in
                 respect of these Partnerships is set out below:

                 +      $15.2 million (2023: $18.1 million) into Wyuna
                 +      $126.0 million (2023: $135.0 million) into KWASA Goodman Germany
                 +      $115.2 million (2023: $201.3 million) into Goodman Japan Development Partnership
                 +      $455.7 million (2023: $705.3 million) into GCLP
                 +      $486.1 million (2023: $501.1 million) into GUKP
                 +      $1,633.6 million (2023: $1,791.1 million) into GNAP
                 +      $67.6 million (2023: $80.9 million) into Goodman Brazil Logistics Partnership (GBLP).

                 The Commitments in GNAP and GBLP also apply to GIT.




                                                                                                                                                                181
                                                                              Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Other items (continued)

                 25 Auditors’ remuneration

                                                                                                  Goodman                        GIT
                                                                                                 2024          2023           2024            2023
                                                                                                 $000          $000           $000            $000
                  Audit services
                  Auditor of the Company:
                  – Audit and review of financial reports (KPMG Australia)                      1,422.3      1,302.0         852.9          808.3
                  – Audit and review of financial reports (overseas KPMG firms)                1,504.9       1,469.2          105.8           101.1
                                                                                              2,927.2        2,771.2         958.7          909.4
                  Other services
                  – Other regulatory services (KPMG Australia)                                   83.4           61.5           48.6            46.3
                  – Other assurance services (KPMG Australia)                                   275.0              -          275.0                -
                  – Other advisory services (overseas KPMG firms)                                   -            5.6              -                -
                  – Taxation compliance services (overseas KPMG firms)                          425.8         304.2            67.8                -




For personal use only
                  – Taxation advice (KPMG Australia)                                             37.2          102.8            7.2            68.4
                  – Taxation advice (overseas KPMG firms)                                       407.8         453.2             4.6                -
                                                                                              1,229.2         927.3          403.2             114.7
                  Total paid/payable to KPMG                                                  4,156.4       3,698.5         1,361.9         1,024.1
                  Other auditors
                  – Audit and review of financial reports (non-KPMG firms)                       213.3         190.5               -               -

                 26 Parent entity disclosures

                 As at, and throughout the financial year ended, 30 June 2024, the parent entities of Goodman and GIT were Goodman Limited and
                 Goodman Industrial Trust respectively. The financial information for the parent entities is disclosed as follows:

                                                                                                  Goodman                        GIT
                                                                                                 2024          2023           2024               2023
                                                                                                   $M            $M             $M                 $M
                  Result of the parent entity
                  Profit for the year                                                          296.9         224.9           519.9           214.2
                  Other comprehensive income for the year                                          -             -               -               -
                  Total comprehensive income for the year                                      296.9         224.9           519.9           214.2
                  Financial position of the parent entity at year end
                  Current assets                                                                 398.5         411.9       3,034.6         3,492.8
                  Total assets                                                                2,404.8       2,390.5        9,903.7         9,913.6
                  Current liabilities                                                             168.2         117.1      2,190.0         2,018.9
                  Total liabilities                                                            1,027.0      1,390.2          4,581.1       4,876.9

                  Total equity of the parent entity comprising:
                  Issued capital                                                               1,061.8        996.5         8,568.7         8,355.4
                  Profits reserve                                                                 90.7          90.7               -              -
                  Employee compensation reserve                                                    81.1         65.8          295.8           249.8
                  Accumulated profit/(losses)                                                    144.2         (152.7)      (3,541.9)      (3,568.5)
                  Total equity                                                                1,377.8       1,000.3        5,322.6         5,036.7




                                                                                                                                                   182
                                                                                Goodman Group

                 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                 Other items (continued)

                 The financial information for the parent entities of Goodman and GIT has been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated financial
                 statements, except as set out below:

                 Investments in controlled entities and Partnerships
                 Investments in controlled entities and Partnerships are accounted for at cost in the financial statements of GL and GIT.
                 Distributions/dividends received from Partnerships are recognised in the income statement, rather than being deducted from the
                 carrying amount of these investments.

                 Tax consolidation
                 GL is the head entity in a tax consolidated group comprising all Australian wholly owned subsidiaries (this excludes GIT). The head entity
                 recognises all of the current tax assets and liabilities of the tax consolidated group (after elimination of intra-group transactions).

                 Financial guarantees
                 Where the parent entities have provided financial guarantees in relation to loans and payables of controlled entities for no compensation,
                 the fair values of these guarantees are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment.




For personal use only
                 Parent entity capital commitments
                 At 30 June 2024, the parent entities had no capital commitments (2023: $nil).

                 Parent entity contingencies

                 Capitalisation Deed Poll
                 The Company, GFML, as responsible entity of the Trust, GLHK and certain of their wholly owned controlled entities are ‘investors’ under a
                 Capitalisation Deed Poll (CDP) dated 23 May 2007. Under the CDP, each investor undertakes to pay to the relevant controlled entity
                 borrower (borrower) any amounts owing under finance documents for the purpose of the CDP when the borrower fails to make a
                 payment. Any payments by an investor to a borrower will be by way of loan to, or proceeds for the subscription of equity in, the borrower
                 by the investor.

                 US144A/Regulation S senior notes
                 Under the issue of notes in the US144A/Regulation S bond market (refer to notes 15(b) and 15(c)), controlled entities of GIT had on issue
                 USD and EUR notes amounting to US$1,350.0 million and €803.0 million respectively. GL, GFML, as responsible entity of the Trust, and
                 GLHK have unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several basis the payment of principal and interest in respect of
                 each of the notes.

                 27 Events subsequent to balance date

                 Goodman and GIT
                 Other than as disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial report, there has not arisen in the interval between the end of the financial
                 year and the date of this consolidated financial report any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature likely, in the opinion
                 of the Directors, to affect significantly the operations of Goodman and GIT, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of
                 Goodman and GIT, in future financial years.




                                                                                                                                                            183
                                                                                    Goodman Group

                 Consolidated entity disclosure statement

                 Set out below is relevant information relating to entities that are consolidated in the consolidated financial statements at the end of the
                 financial year as required by the Corporations Act 2001 (s. 295(3A)(a)).

                                                                                                           % Share capital
                                                                             Body
                                                                                              Place        held directly or    Australian    Jurisdiction for
                                                                          corporate,
                        Entity name                                                       incorporated/   indirectly by the    or Foreign      Foreign tax
                                                                         partnership or
                                                                                             formed        Company in the     tax resident       resident
                                                                              trust
                                                                                                           body corporate
                        01 Pty Limited1                                  Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        A.C.N. 123 738 705 Pty Limited                   Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        A.C.N. 151 944 204 Pty Limited                   Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Binary Centre Pty Limited                        Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Clayton Business Park Pty Limited                Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Euston Road No.2 Pty Limited1                    Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        GADF Manager Pty Limited                         Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A




For personal use only
                        GGGAIF JV No.2 Pty Limited                       Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        GGGAIF JV No.3 Pty Limited                       Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        GGGAIF JV No.4 Pty Limited                       Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        GGGAIF JV No.5 Pty Limited                       Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        GGGAIF JV No.6 Pty Limited                       Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        GGGAIF JV No.8 Pty Limited                       Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        GGGAIF JV No.9 Pty Limited                       Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        GIL Developments (Aust) Pty Limited              Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        GIL Holdings (Aust) Pty Limited1                 Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        GIL Industrial Pty Ltd                           Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Acquisitions (Aust) Pty Limited          Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Australia Finance Pty Limited            Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Australia Investments No.2 Pty Limited   Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Australia Investments Pty Limited        Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Building Services (Aust) Pty Limited     Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Corish Pty Limited                       Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Corporate Services (Aust) Pty Limited    Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Custodian Pty Limited                    Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Development Management (Aust) Pty
                        Limited                                          Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Europe (Aust) Pty Limited                Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Europe Development Pty Limited1          Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman European Investments Pty Limited         Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Foundation Pty Limited                   Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Funding Pty Limited                      Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Funds Management Australia Limited1      Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Funds Management Limited1                Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman GSTA Investment Pty Limited              Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Head Treasury Pty Limited1              Body corporate       Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Hong Kong Investment (Aust) Pty Limited Body corporate       Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Industrial Finance (Aust) Pty Limited   Body corporate       Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Industrial Funds Management Limited     Body corporate       Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Investments (Brazil) Pty Limited        Body corporate       Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Japan Fund Lux Management Pty Limited Body corporate         Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Jersey Holdings Pty Limited             Body corporate       Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Kingsford Smith Pty Limited1             Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Laverton Finance Pty Limited             Body corporate      Australia           100           Australian          N/A




                                                                                                                                                               184
                                                                                    Goodman Group

                 Consolidated entity disclosure statement
                 (continued)

                                                                                                            % Share capital
                                                                             Body
                                                                                               Place        held directly or    Australian    Jurisdiction for
                                                                          corporate,
                        Entity name                                                        incorporated/   indirectly by the    or Foreign      Foreign tax
                                                                         partnership or
                                                                                              formed        Company in the     tax resident       resident
                                                                              trust
                                                                                                            body corporate
                        Goodman Limited                                  Body corporate      Australia            100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Lion Pty Limited                         Body corporate      Australia            100           Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Palmers Pty Limited1                    Body corporate       Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Property Development (Aust) Pty Limited Body corporate       Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Property Services (Aust) Pty Limited    Body corporate       Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Singapore Holdings (Aust) Pty Limited   Body corporate       Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        Goodman South Sydney Pty Limited                Body corporate       Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Treasury Pty Limited1                    Body corporate      Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        Goodman UAE Pty Limited                          Body corporate      Australia           100            Australian          N/A




For personal use only
                        Goodman Vineyard No.2 Pty Limited                Body corporate      Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Vineyard Pty Limited                     Body corporate      Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        Goodman Wholesale Funds Management Pty           Body corporate      Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        GTA Industrial Custodian Pty Limited             Body corporate      Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        GTA Real Estate Interchange Park Pty Limited     Body corporate      Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        Mintbail Pty Limited                             Body corporate      Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        Moorabbin Airport Corporation Pty Limited        Body corporate      Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        Riding Boundary Pty Limited                      Body corporate      Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        Tallina Pty Limited1                             Body corporate      Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        Tidecard Pty Limited                             Body corporate      Australia           100            Australian          N/A
                        Tranway No.1 Pty Limited1                         Body corporate     Australia           100            Australian         N/A
                        GAI 1 Capicure Pty Limited                        Body corporate     Australia           100             Foreign           N/A
                        GAI 1 Heritage Pty Limited                        Body corporate     Australia           100             Foreign           N/A
                        Goodman JV Holdings (Aust) Pty Limited            Body corporate     Australia           100             Foreign           N/A
                        Goodman Belgium NV                                Body corporate     Belgium             100             Foreign          Belgium
                        Goodman Logisinsure (Belgium) NV                  Body corporate     Belgium             100             Foreign          Belgium
                        Goodman Management Services (Belgium) NV          Body corporate     Belgium             100             Foreign          Belgium
                        Goodman Vilvoorde Logistics (Belgium) NV          Body corporate     Belgium             100             Foreign          Belgium
                        Willebroek Platform Project NV                    Body corporate     Belgium             100             Foreign          Belgium
                        Associação de Proprietários do International
                        Business Park 3                                   Body corporate       Brazil            100             Foreign           Brazil
                        Goodman Avenida Dos Estados I Empreendimentos
                        Imobiliarios Ltda                                 Body corporate       Brazil            100             Foreign           Brazil
                        Goodman Brasil Logística S.A.                     Body corporate       Brazil            100             Foreign           Brazil
                        Goodman Caxias Empreendimentos Imobiliários       Body corporate       Brazil            100             Foreign           Brazil
                        Goodman Consultoria, Participações e
                        Administração de Valores Mobiliários Ltda.        Body corporate       Brazil            100             Foreign           Brazil
                        Goodman Gerenciamento e Administração de
                        Propriedades Ltda.                                Body corporate       Brazil            100             Foreign           Brazil
                        Goodman Investimentos e Participações S.A.        Body corporate       Brazil            100             Foreign           Brazil
                        Goodman Jaguaré I Empreendimentos Imobiliários
                        Ltda                                              Body corporate       Brazil            100             Foreign           Brazil
                        Goodman Interlagos I Empreendimentos Imobiliarios
                        Ltda                                              Body corporate       Brazil            100             Foreign           Brazil
                        Goodman XI Empreendimentos Imobiliários Ltda.     Body corporate       Brazil            100             Foreign           Brazil
                        Goodman XII Empreendimentos Imobiliários Ltda.    Body corporate       Brazil            100             Foreign           Brazil




                                                                                                                                                             185
                                                                                     Goodman Group

                 Consolidated entity disclosure statement
                 (continued)

                                                                                                             % Share capital
                                                                             Body
                                                                                               Place         held directly or    Australian    Jurisdiction for
                                                                          corporate,
                        Entity name                                                        incorporated/    indirectly by the    or Foreign      Foreign tax
                                                                         partnership or
                                                                                              formed         Company in the     tax resident       resident
                                                                              trust
                                                                                                             body corporate
                        GCL Asset Management Limited                      Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        GHK Investment Management Limited                 Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        GMG CO2 Zero                                      Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Goodman Asia Developments Limited                 Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Goodman China Asset Management Limited            Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Goodman China Developments                        Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Goodman Developments Asia                         Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Hoi Bun Holdings No.1 Limited                     Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Hoi Bun Holdings No.2 Limited                     Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Hoi Bun Investment Holding No.1 Limited           Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands




For personal use only
                        Tai Yip Holdings No.8 Limited                     Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Tai Yip Holdings No.9 Limited                     Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Tai Yip Holdings No.7 Limited                     Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        KT HoldCo Limited                                 Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        MGI HK Finance                                    Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Tai Yip Holdings No.1 Limited                     Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Tai Yip Holdings No.2 Limited                     Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Tai Yip Holdings No.3 Limited                     Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Tai Yip Holdings No.4 Limited                     Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Tai Yip Holdings No.5 Limited                     Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Tai Yip Holdings No.6 Limited                     Body corporate   Cayman Islands          100            Foreign      Cayman Islands
                        Goodman Investments (Suzhou) Co., Ltd.            Body corporate      China                100            Foreign         China
                        Goodman Management Consulting (Beijing) Co., Ltd. Body corporate      China                100            Foreign         China
                        Goodman Management Consulting (Shanghai) Co.,
                        Ltd                                               Body corporate       China              100             Foreign           China
                        Goodman PE Funds Management (Shanghai) Co.,
                        Ltd                                               Body corporate       China              100             Foreign           China
                        Jiaqun (Suzhou) Equipment Manufacture Co., Ltd.   Body corporate       China              100             Foreign           China
                        Jiatian (Chongqing) Warehouse Co., Ltd.           Body corporate       China              100             Foreign           China
                        Jiayue (Changxing) Supply Chain Co., Ltd          Body corporate       China               95             Foreign           China
                        Kunmax Supply Chain (Changshu) Co., Ltd           Body corporate       China               95             Foreign           China
                        Shanghai Goodman Yiyi Enterprise Management
                        Consulting Co., Ltd                               Body corporate       China              100             Foreign          China
                        Goodman France SARL                               Body corporate       France             100             Foreign          France
                        Goodman Paray Logistics (France) SNC              Body corporate       France             100             Foreign          France
                        Pôle Villa Nova I SNC                             Body corporate       France             100             Foreign          France
                        Alsdorf Verwaltungs GmbH                          Body corporate      Germany             100             Foreign         Germany
                        Goodman Germany GmbH                              Body corporate      Germany             100             Foreign         Germany
                        Advance Tank International Limited                Body corporate     Hong Kong            100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Basic Surplus Limited                             Body corporate     Hong Kong            100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        GCLAM Holdings Limited                            Body corporate     Hong Kong            100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        GCLAM Services (HK) Limited                       Body corporate     Hong Kong            100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        GFM Hong Kong Limited                             Body corporate     Hong Kong            100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        GJSP Investment Holdings Limited                  Body corporate     Hong Kong            100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        GJSP Limited                                      Body corporate     Hong Kong            100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        GL Japan Finance (HK) Limited                     Body corporate     Hong Kong            100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        GMJ Developments No.15 Limited                    Body corporate     Hong Kong            100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Goodman Asia Limited                              Body corporate     Hong Kong            100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Goodman China (GBA) Limited                       Body corporate     Hong Kong            100             Foreign        Hong Kong




                                                                                                                                                                186
                                                                                  Goodman Group

                 Consolidated entity disclosure statement
                 (continued)

                                                                                                         % Share capital
                                                                          Body
                                                                                            Place        held directly or    Australian    Jurisdiction for
                                                                       corporate,
                        Entity name                                                     incorporated/   indirectly by the    or Foreign      Foreign tax
                                                                      partnership or
                                                                                           formed        Company in the     tax resident       resident
                                                                           trust
                                                                                                         body corporate
                        Goodman China Limited                          Body corporate     Hong Kong            100            Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Goodman Greater China Developments Limited     Body corporate     Hong Kong            100            Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Goodman Hong Kong (Chongqing) Developments
                        No.1 Limited                                   Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Goodman Hong Kong (Jiangsu) Developments No.11
                        Limited                                        Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Goodman Hong Kong (Zhejiang) Developments No.1
                        Limited                                        Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited                 Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Goodman SEA Holdings Limited                   Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong




For personal use only
                        Goodman SEA Investments No.1 Limited           Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Goodman Secretarial Asia Limited               Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Goodman UK BP Investment (HK) Limited          Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Goodman UK Holdings (HK) Limited               Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Goodman UK Investment (HK) Limited             Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        GPS Hong Kong Limited                          Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Hoi Bun Investments No.1 Limited               Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Hoi Bun Investments No.3 Limited               Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Hopfull Hong Kong Development Limited          Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Tai Yip Investments No.1 Limited               Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Tai Yip Investments No.2 Limited               Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Tai Yip Investments No.4 Limited               Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Zimbery Limited                                Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Tai Yip Investments No.7 Limited               Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Tai Yip Investments No.8 Limited               Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Tai Yip Investments No.9 Limited               Body corporate     Hong Kong           100             Foreign        Hong Kong
                        Goodman Fortuna Logistics (Italy) S.R.L.       Body corporate        Italy            100             Foreign           Italy
                        Goodman Italy S.R.L.                           Body corporate        Italy            100             Foreign           Italy
                        Goodman Mediolanum Logistics (Italy) S.R.L.    Body corporate        Italy            100             Foreign           Italy
                        Goodman Olimpia Logistics (Italy) S.r.l.       Body corporate        Italy            100             Foreign           Italy
                        GJSP LPS                                       Body corporate       Japan             100             Foreign          Japan
                        GK GJDP LPS                                    Body corporate      Japan              100             Foreign          Japan
                        GK GJSP GP                                     Body corporate       Japan             100             Foreign          Japan
                        GK GJSP LP                                     Body corporate       Japan             100             Foreign          Japan
                        GK GJSP                                        Body corporate       Japan             100             Foreign          Japan
                        GK Goodman Japan Narita Takomachi              Body corporate       Japan             100             Foreign          Japan
                        Goodman Japan Funds Limited                    Body corporate       Japan             100             Foreign          Japan
                        Goodman Japan Limited                          Body corporate       Japan             100             Foreign          Japan
                        MGJ GK Zero                                    Body corporate       Japan             100             Foreign          Japan
                        Moegi TMK                                      Body corporate       Japan             100             Foreign          Japan
                        SH GJSP                                        Body corporate      Japan              100             Foreign          Japan
                        Yamaai TMK                                     Body corporate       Japan             100             Foreign          Japan
                        ABPP Investment Jersey Limited                 Body corporate      Jersey             100             Foreign            UK
                        Goodman Colnbrook (Jersey) Limited             Body corporate      Jersey             100             Foreign         Jersey
                        Goodman Eastside Locks 1 (Jersey) Limited      Body corporate      Jersey             100             Foreign         Jersey
                        Goodman Finance (Jersey) Limited               Body corporate      Jersey             100             Foreign         Jersey
                        Goodman Logistics Andover 1 (Jersey) Limited   Body corporate      Jersey             100             Foreign            UK




                                                                                                                                                          187
                                                                                    Goodman Group

                 Consolidated entity disclosure statement
                 (continued)

                                                                                                           % Share capital
                                                                             Body
                                                                                              Place        held directly or    Australian    Jurisdiction for
                                                                          corporate,
                        Entity name                                                       incorporated/   indirectly by the    or Foreign      Foreign tax
                                                                         partnership or
                                                                                             formed        Company in the     tax resident       resident
                                                                              trust
                                                                                                           body corporate
                        Goodman Logistics London Medway (Jersey)
                        Limited                                          Body corporate       Jersey            100             Foreign            UK
                        Goodman Maltby (Jersey) Limited                  Body corporate       Jersey            100             Foreign          Jersey
                        Goodman Thurrock (Jersey) Limited                Body corporate       Jersey            100             Foreign          Jersey
                        Cedar Logistics S.à r.l.                         Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Funds Management (Lux) S.à r.l.          Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        GJL Management (Lux) S.à r.l.                    Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Alana Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.           Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Ari Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.             Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Bright Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.          Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg




For personal use only
                        Goodman Carnation Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.       Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Daffodil Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.        Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Dakota Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.          Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Denim Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.           Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Finance (Lux) S.à r.l.                   Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Finance Four (Lux) S.à r.l.              Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Finance Two (Lux) S.à r.l.               Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Gerbera Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.         Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Heliotrope Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.      Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Hematite Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.        Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Hibiscus Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.        Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Ionic Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.           Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Jasper Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.          Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Leucite Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.         Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Magnetic Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.        Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Magnetite Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.       Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Management Holdings (Lux) S.à r.l.       Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Mauve Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.           Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Meadow Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.          Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Midnight Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.        Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Mimosa Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.          Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Peridot Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.         Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Petunia Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.         Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Property Opportunities (Lux) S.à r.l.    Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Raspberry Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.       Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Turquoise Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.       Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Ultramarine Logistics (Lux) S.à r.l.     Body corporate    Luxembourg           100             Foreign       Luxembourg
                        Goodman Capricorn Logistics (Netherlands) B.V.   Body corporate    Netherlands          100             Foreign       Netherlands
                        Goodman Galaxy Holding B.V.                      Body corporate    Netherlands          100             Foreign       Netherlands
                        Goodman Netherlands B.V.                         Body corporate    Netherlands          100             Foreign       Netherlands
                        Goodman (NZ) Limited                             Body corporate    New Zealand          100             Foreign       New Zealand
                        Goodman (Paihia) Limited                         Body corporate    New Zealand          100             Foreign       New Zealand
                        Goodman (Wynyard Precinct) Limited               Body corporate    New Zealand          100             Foreign       New Zealand
                        Goodman Finance NZ Limited                       Body corporate    New Zealand          100             Foreign       New Zealand
                        Goodman Holdings (NZ) Limited                    Body corporate    New Zealand          100             Foreign       New Zealand
                        Goodman Investment Holdings (NZ) Limited         Body corporate    New Zealand          100             Foreign       New Zealand
                        Goodman SG Services Pte. Limited                 Body corporate     Singapore           100             Foreign        Singapore




                                                                                                                                                            188
                                                                                 Goodman Group

                 Consolidated entity disclosure statement
                 (continued)

                                                                                                        % Share capital
                                                                          Body
                                                                                           Place        held directly or    Australian    Jurisdiction for
                                                                       corporate,
                        Entity name                                                    incorporated/   indirectly by the    or Foreign      Foreign tax
                                                                      partnership or
                                                                                          formed        Company in the     tax resident       resident
                                                                           trust
                                                                                                        body corporate
                        Goodman Carolina Logistics (Spain), S.L.      Body corporate       Spain              100            Foreign           Spain
                        Goodman Ebro Logistics (Spain), S.L.          Body corporate       Spain              100            Foreign           Spain
                        Goodman Garona Logistics (Spain), S.L.        Body corporate       Spain              100            Foreign           Spain
                        Goodman Industrial Logistics (Spain), S.L.    Body corporate       Spain              100            Foreign           Spain
                        Goodman Maeva Logistics (Spain) S.L.          Body corporate       Spain              100            Foreign           Spain
                        Goodman Real Estate (Spain) S.L.              Body corporate       Spain              100            Foreign           Spain
                        Goodman Segura Logistics (Spain), S.L.        Body corporate       Spain              100            Foreign           Spain
                        Goodman Triton Logistics (Spain), S.L.        Body corporate       Spain              100            Foreign           Spain
                        Ancosec Limited                               Body corporate        UK                100            Foreign            UK
                        Eastside Locks Property Company LLP           Body corporate        UK                100            Foreign            UK




For personal use only
                        Goodman BidCo 1 (UK) Limited                  Body corporate        UK                100            Foreign            UK
                        Goodman BidCo 3 (UK) Limited                  Body corporate        UK                100            Foreign            UK
                        Goodman Derby (UK) Limited                    Body corporate        UK                100            Foreign            UK
                        Goodman Eastside Locks (UK) Limited           Body corporate        UK                100            Foreign            UK
                        Goodman EMIP (UK) Limited                     Body corporate        UK                100            Foreign            UK
                        Goodman Hinckley (UK) Limited                 Body corporate        UK                100            Foreign            UK
                        Goodman Logistics Lyons Park 3 (GP) LLP       Body corporate        UK                100            Foreign            UK
                        Goodman Logistics Lyons Park 3 (UK) LP        Body corporate        UK                100            Foreign            UK
                        Goodman Logistics Lyons Park 3 Nominee (UK)
                        Limited                                       Body corporate       UK                100             Foreign           UK
                        Goodman Logistics Developments (UK) Limited   Body corporate       UK                100             Foreign           UK
                        Goodman Logistics Management (UK) Limited     Body corporate       UK                100             Foreign           UK
                        Goodman Logistics UK Holdings Limited         Body corporate       UK                100             Foreign           UK
                        Goodman NCP (UK) Limited                      Body corporate       UK                100             Foreign           UK
                        Goodman Operator (UK) Limited                 Body corporate       UK                100             Foreign           UK
                        Goodman Peterborough (UK) Limited             Body corporate       UK                100             Foreign           UK
                        Goodman Real Estate (UK) Limited              Body corporate       UK                100             Foreign           UK
                        Goodman Real Estate Developments (2003)       Body corporate       UK                100             Foreign           UK
                        Goodman Real Estate Holdings (UK) Limited     Body corporate       UK                100             Foreign           UK
                        Goodman Real Estate Services (UK) Limited     Body corporate       UK                100             Foreign           UK
                        Goodman UK Limited                            Body corporate       UK                100             Foreign           UK
                        Goodman UK Pension Plan Trustees Limited      Body corporate       UK                100             Foreign           UK
                        Goodman UK Partnership II (GP) LLP            Body corporate       UK                100             Foreign           UK
                        Goodman UK Partnership III (GP) LLP           Body corporate       UK                100             Foreign           UK
                        Soto DC LLC                                   Body corporate       USA               100             Foreign           USA
                        GIC Vernon LLC                                Body corporate       USA               100             Foreign           USA
                        GLC Hazleton East LLC                         Body corporate       USA               100             Foreign           USA
                        GLC Jersey City LLC                           Body corporate       USA               100             Foreign           USA
                        GLC Lehigh Valley West LLC                    Body corporate       USA               100             Foreign           USA
                        GNAM Development LLC                          Body corporate       USA               100             Foreign           USA
                        Goodman Brazil Logistics GP, LLC              Body corporate       USA               100             Foreign           USA
                        Goodman Development Management LLC            Body corporate       USA               100             Foreign           USA
                        Goodman Investments GP LLC                    Body corporate       USA               100             Foreign           USA
                        Goodman Management USA Inc.                   Body corporate       USA               100             Foreign           USA
                        Goodman North America LLC                     Body corporate       USA               100             Foreign           USA
                        Goodman North America Management LLC          Body corporate       USA               100             Foreign           USA
                        Goodman Property Management LP                Body corporate       USA               100             Foreign           USA
                        Goodman Property Management USA GP, Inc.      Body corporate       USA               100             Foreign           USA




                                                                                                                                                         189
                                                                              Goodman Group

                 Consolidated entity disclosure statement
                 (continued)

                                                                                                            % Share capital
                                                                      Body
                                                                                         Place              held directly or    Australian     Jurisdiction for
                                                                   corporate,
                        Entity name                                                  incorporated/         indirectly by the    or Foreign       Foreign tax
                                                                  partnership or
                                                                                        formed              Company in the     tax resident        resident
                                                                       trust
                                                                                                            body corporate
                        Goodman US Finance Five, LLC              Body corporate          USA                     100            Foreign               USA
                        Goodman US Finance Four, LLC              Body corporate          USA                     100            Foreign               USA
                        Goodman US Finance Seven, LLC             Body corporate          USA                     100           Australian              N/A
                        Goodman US Finance Six, LLC               Body corporate          USA                     100           Australian              N/A
                        Goodman US Finance Three, LLC             Body corporate          USA                     100            Foreign               USA
                        Tarpon Holdings I LLC                     Body corporate          USA                     100            Foreign               USA
                        Tarpon Holdings II LLC                    Body corporate          USA                     100            Foreign               USA
                        Tarpon Logistics Holdings LLC             Body corporate          USA                     100            Foreign               USA
                        Tarpon Properties REIT, Inc.              Body corporate          USA                     100            Foreign               USA
                        Favour Gains Global Limited               Body corporate Virgin Islands, British          100            Foreign      Virgin Islands, British




For personal use only
                        GHKJD11 (BVI) Limited                     Body corporate Virgin Islands, British          100            Foreign      Virgin Islands, British
                        GMJD15 (BVI) Limited                      Body corporate Virgin Islands, British          100            Foreign      Virgin Islands, British
                        Hoi Bun Investment Holding No.2 Limited   Body corporate Virgin Islands, British          100            Foreign      Virgin Islands, British
                        Tai Yip Investment Holding No.1 Limited   Body corporate Virgin Islands, British          100            Foreign      Virgin Islands, British
                        Tai Yip Investment Holding No.2 Limited   Body corporate Virgin Islands, British          100            Foreign      Virgin Islands, British
                        Tai Yip Investment Holding No.3 Limited   Body corporate Virgin Islands, British          100            Foreign      Virgin Islands, British
                        Tai Yip Investment Holding No.4 Limited   Body corporate Virgin Islands, British          100            Foreign      Virgin Islands, British
                        Tai Yip Investment Holding No.5 Limited   Body corporate Virgin Islands, British          100            Foreign      Virgin Islands, British
                        Tai Yip Investment Holding No.7 Limited   Body corporate Virgin Islands, British          100            Foreign      Virgin Islands, British
                        Amaroo Estate Trust                           Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        BDE Unit Trust                                Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Biloela Street Unit Trust                     Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Binary No.1 Trust                             Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Binary No.2 Trust                             Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Bradford Trust                                Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Clayton 1 Trust                               Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Clayton 2 Trust                               Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Clayton 3 Trust                               Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Edinburgh 2 Trust                             Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Euston Road Subtrust                          Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Euston Road Trust                             Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Forestridge Trust                             Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        GA Industrial Portfolio Trust                 Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        GAI1 Vic 3 Chifley Holding Trust              Trust            Australia                  N/A            Foreign               N/A
                        GIL Holdings (Aust) Trust                     Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        GIL Kalamunda Trust                           Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        GIT Investments Holding Trust                 Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        GIT Investments Holding Trust No.3            Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        GIT Investments Holding Trust No.4            Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        GIT Investments Holding Trust No.5            Trust            Australia                  N/A            Foreign               N/A
                        GL Investments Holding Trust                  Trust            Australia                  N/A            Foreign               N/A
                        Goodman Build Trust                           Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian             N/A
                        Goodman Capital Trust                         Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Goodman Dandenong Trust                       Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Goodman Europe Development Trust              Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Goodman Finance Australia Trust               Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Goodman Hong Kong Investment Trust            Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A
                        Goodman Industrial Europe Finance Trust       Trust            Australia                  N/A           Australian              N/A




                                                                                                                                                                  190
                                                                                             Goodman Group

                 Consolidated entity disclosure statement
                 (continued)

                                                                                                                   % Share capital
                                                                                     Body
                                                                                                      Place        held directly or    Australian    Jurisdiction for
                                                                                  corporate,
                        Entity name                                                               incorporated/   indirectly by the    or Foreign      Foreign tax
                                                                                 partnership or
                                                                                                     formed        Company in the     tax resident       resident
                                                                                      trust
                                                                                                                   body corporate
                        Goodman Industrial Trust                                     Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Goodman Kent Road Trust                                      Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Goodman Palmers Trust                                        Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Goodman Perth Airport No.1 Trust                             Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Goodman Perth Airport No.3 Trust                             Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Goodman Stockyard Trust                                      Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Goodman Treasury Trust                                       Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Goodman Ultimo Trust                                         Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Homebush Subtrust                                            Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Macquarie Goodman Commercial Property Trust                  Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A




For personal use only
                        MFive Industry Park Trust                                    Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        MIP Trust                                                    Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        The Moorabbin Airport Unit Trust                             Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        O’Riordan Street Unit Trust                                  Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Orion Road Trust                                             Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Penrose Trust                                                Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Port Central Park Trust                                      Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Port Plus Business Park A Trust                              Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Port Plus Business Park B Trust                              Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Southern Avenue Trust                                        Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Thomas Trust                                                 Trust           Australia           N/A           Australian         N/A
                        Goodman Logistics Lyons Park 3 Unit Trust                    Trust            Jersey             N/A            Foreign          Jersey

                 1.      Is a trustee of a trust within the consolidated group

                 Determination of Tax Residency
                 Section 295 (3A) of the Corporation Acts 2001 requires that the tax residency of each entity which is included in the Consolidated Entity
                 Disclosure Statement (CEDS) be disclosed. In the context of an entity which was an Australian resident, “Australian resident” has the
                 meaning provided in the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997. The determination of tax residency may involve judgment as the
                 determination of tax residency is fact dependent.

                 In determining tax residency, the consolidated entity has applied the following interpretations:
                 + Australian tax residency
                      The consolidated entity has applied current legislation and judicial precedent, including having regard to the Commissioner of
                      Taxation’s public guidance in Tax Ruling TR 2018/5.
                 + Foreign tax residency
                      The consolidated entity has applied current legislation and where available judicial precedent in the determination of foreign tax
                      residency.

                 Trusts
                 Australian tax law does not contain specific residency tests for trusts. Generally, these entities are taxed on a flow-through basis so there
                 is no need for a general residence test. In the CEDS Australian Trusts have been disclosed as “Australian resident”.




                                                                                                                                                                        191
                                                                               Goodman Group

                 Directors’ declaration

                 In the opinion of the directors of Goodman Limited and the directors of Goodman Funds Management Limited, the responsible entity for
                 Goodman Industrial Trust:

                 a. the consolidated financial statements and the notes of Goodman Limited and its controlled entities and Goodman Industrial Trust
                     and its controlled entities set out on pages 108 to 183 and the remuneration report that is contained on pages 60 to 104 in the
                     Directors’ report, are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:
                     (i) giving a true and fair view of Goodman’s and GIT’s financial position as at 30 June 2024 and of their performance for the financial
                          year ended on that date
                     (ii) complying with Australian Accounting Standards (including Australian Accounting Interpretations) and the Corporations
                          Regulations 2001
                 b. there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the Trust will be able to pay their debts as and when they become due
                     and payable
                 c . the consolidated entity disclosure statement required by subsection 295(3A) is true and correct.

                 The Directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from the Group Chief Executive
                 Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2024.




For personal use only
                 The Directors draw attention to the basis of preparation note to the consolidated financial statements, which includes a statement of
                 compliance with International Financial Reporting Standards.

                 Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                 Stephen Johns
                 Independent Chairman




                 Gregory Goodman
                 Group Chief Executive Officer

                 Sydney, 15 August 2024




                                                                                                                                                         192
                           Independent Auditor’s Report
                           To the stapled security holders of Goodman Group and the unitholders of
                           Goodman Industrial Trust

                           Report on the audit of the Financial Reports




For personal use only
                           Opinion

                           We have audited the Financial Report of             The Financial Report comprises:
                           Goodman Limited (the Company) as the                • Consolidated Statements of financial position as at
                           deemed parent presenting the stapled                   30 June 2024;
                           security arrangement of the Goodman
                                                                                •   Consolidated income statements, Consolidated
                           Group (the Goodman Group Financial
                                                                                    statements of comprehensive income, Consolidated
                           Report).
                                                                                    statements of changes in equity and Consolidated
                           We have also audited the Financial                       statements of cash flows for the year then ended;
                           Statements and Directors’ Declaration of
                                                                                •   Consolidated entity disclosure statement and
                           Goodman Industrial Trust (the Trust
                                                                                    accompanying basis of preparation as at 30 June
                           Financial Report).
                                                                                    2024;
                           In our opinion, each of the accompanying
                                                                                •   Notes, including material accounting policies; and
                           Goodman Group Financial Report and
                           Trust Financial Report gives a true and fair
                           view, including of Goodman Group’s and                   (collectively referred to as Financial Statements)
                           of Goodman Industrial Trust’s financial              •   Directors’ Declaration.
                           position as at 30 June 2024 and of their
                                                                                The Goodman Group consists of Goodman Limited
                           financial performance for the year then
                                                                                and the entities it controlled at the year end or from
                           ended, in accordance with the
                                                                                time to time during the financial year, Goodman
                           Corporations Act 2001, in compliance with
                                                                                Industrial Trust (the Trust) and the entities it controlled
                           Australian Accounting Standards and the
                                                                                at the year-end or from time to time during the financial
                           Corporations Regulations 2001.
                                                                                year, and Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited and the
                                                                                entities it controlled at the year-end or from time to time
                                                                                during the financial year.

                           Basis for opinion

                           We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. We believe that the audit
                           evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
                           Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for
                           the audit of the Financial Report section of our report.




                        KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG global organisation of independent member firms affiliated
                        with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee. All rights reserved. The KPMG name and
                        logo are trademarks used under license by the independent member firms of the KPMG global organisation. Liability limited by
                        a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                                                                                                                                                       193
                        We are independent of the Goodman Group, Goodman Limited, Goodman Funds Management
                        Limited (the Responsible Entity of the Trust) and the Trust in accordance with the Corporations Act
                        2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board’s
                        APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the
                        Code) that are relevant to our audit of Financial Reports in Australia. We have fulfilled our other ethical
                        responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.


                        Key Audit Matters

                        The Key Audit Matters we identified for        Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our
                        Goodman Group are:                             professional judgement, were of most significance in




For personal use only
                                                                       our audit of the Financial Report for the current period.
                        •   Valuation of investment properties,
                            investments accounted for using the        These matters were addressed in the context of our
                            equity method and inventories; and         audit of the Financial Report as a whole, and in forming
                                                                       our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
                        •   Recognition of development income.
                                                                       opinion on these matters.




                        Valuation of investment properties ($1,778.3m), investments accounted for using the equity
                        method ($16,098.0m) and inventories ($2,358.9m)

                        Refer to Note 5 to the Financial Report


                        The key audit matter                                 How the matter was addressed in our audit


                        Goodman Group’s investments in property              Our procedures included:
                        assets include investment properties and
                        inventories, which are held either directly or       •   Obtaining an understanding of Goodman
                                                                                 Group’s process regarding the valuation of
                        through its investments accounted for using the
                                                                                 property assets;
                        equity method.
                        Goodman Group’s policy is investment                 •   Assessing the methodologies used in the
                        properties are held at fair value and inventories        valuations of property assets, for consistency
                        are held at the lower of cost and net realisable         with accounting standards, industry practice
                        value, determined using internal methodologies           and Goodman Group’s policies;
                        or through the use of external valuation experts.    •   Working with real estate valuation specialists
                        The valuation of property assets is a key audit          to read published reports and industry
                        matter as they are significant in value (being           commentary to gain an understanding of
                        85% of total assets) and contain assumptions             prevailing property market conditions;
                        with estimation uncertainty.                         •   For a sample of investment properties, taking
                        This leads to additional audit effort due to             into account asset classes, geographies and
                        differing assumptions used by Goodman Group              characteristics of individual investment
                        based on asset classes, geographies and                  properties:
                        characteristics of individual property assets.            o   Assessing the scope, competence and
                        We considered significant assumptions in the                  objectivity of external valuation experts
                        valuation of property assets including:                       and Goodman Group’s internal valuers;
                                                                                  o   Challenging significant assumptions, with




                                                                                                                                      194
                        •   Investment properties:                                 reference to published industry reports
                                                                                   and commentary of prevailing property
                            –   capitalisation rates;
                                                                                   market conditions;
                            –   discount rates;                                o   With the assistance of our real estate
                            –   market rental income;                              valuation specialists, assessing a sample
                                                                                   of significant assumptions including
                            –   weighted average lease expiry and                  capitalisation rates, discount rates,
                                vacancy levels;                                    customer covenant strength, market
                            –   projections of capital expenditure; and            rental income, weighted average lease
                                                                                   expiry and vacancy levels, projections of
                            –   lease incentive costs.                             capital expenditure and lease incentive
                                                                                   costs. We did this by comparing to
                        •   Inventories
                                                                                   market analysis published by industry




For personal use only
                            –   forecast capitalisation rates and market           experts, recent market transactions,
                                rental income;                                     inquiries with the Goodman Group,
                                                                                   historical performance of the assets and
                            –   land value per square metre;
                                                                                   using our industry experience; and
                            –   letting up periods and lease incentive
                                                                               o   Assessing the disclosures in the financial
                                costs; and
                                                                                   report using our understanding obtained
                            –   development costs.                                 from our testing, against accounting
                                                                                   standard requirements; and
                        In assessing this Key Audit Matter, we involved
                        real estate valuation specialists, who             •   For a sample of inventories, challenging the
                        understand the Group’s investment profile,             key assumptions included in Goodman
                        business and the economic environment it               Group’s internal recoverability assessments by
                        operates in.                                           comparing to commentary published by
                                                                               industry experts, recent market transactions,
                                                                               and our knowledge of historical performance
                                                                               of the assets.




                        Recognition of development income ($1,196.5m)

                        Refer to Note 1 to the Financial Report


                        The key audit matter                               How the matter was addressed in our audit


                        Development income was a key audit matter          Our procedures included:
                        due to:
                                                                           •   Evaluating Goodman Group’s recognition of
                            •   its significant value (60% of revenue);        development income against the criteria in the
                                                                               accounting standards;
                            •   the unique nature of contracts; and
                            •   the judgements applied by us to            •   Selecting specific contracts from development
                                assess Goodman Group’s                         income recognised based on quantitative and
                                determination of revenue recognised            qualitative information (such as the size and
                                during the period in relation to               complexity of the arrangement) and
                                contracts which remain in progress at          performing the following:
                                period end.                                        o   Understanding the underlying
                        Income from development management                             contractual arrangements, in particular




                                                                                                                                 195
                        services is recognised progressively, requiring       their unique terms, for their impact to
                        judgment by us when considering Goodman               recognition of development income;
                        Group’s determination of the amount and
                                                                          o   Where recognition of development
                        extent of the services provided within the
                                                                              income was conditional upon certain
                        period based on contract deliverables.
                                                                              events occurring, checking conditions
                        Goodman Group’s policy is for income from             within the contract to evidence of
                        inventory disposals to be recognised at a point       achievement of conditions, such as
                        in time when control is transferred to the            correspondence with external parties;
                        customer and fixed price development
                                                                          o   Assessing Goodman Group’s
                        contracts to be recognised in proportion to the
                                                                              determination of revenue recognised
                        stage of completion of the relevant contracts.
                                                                              during the period in accordance with
                        We focused on the stage of completion                 the provision of services stipulated in
                        estimation which is based on costs incurred as        the underlying contract or the stage of




For personal use only
                        a percentage of estimated total costs for each        completion; and
                        contract.
                                                                          o   For revenue recognised based on the
                                                                              stage of completion, assess the cost
                                                                              assumptions used by the Group in
                                                                              determining the stage of completion
                                                                              estimate as follows:
                                                                               –   Costs incurred – assessing a
                                                                                   sample of costs incurred to date
                                                                                   against relevant underlying
                                                                                   external sources, such as
                                                                                   invoices; and
                                                                               –   Estimated total costs –
                                                                                   assessing a sample of total
                                                                                   forecast costs to secured
                                                                                   contracts for construction
                                                                                   activities, other relevant
                                                                                   underlying sources, and our
                                                                                   understanding of the industry
                                                                                   and economic conditions.




                                                                                                                        196
                        Other Information

                        Other Information is financial and non-financial information in Goodman Group’s annual report which is
                        provided in addition to the Financial Report and the Auditor’s Report. The Directors of the Company and
                        the Directors of the Responsible Entity are responsible for the Other Information.
                        Our opinion on the Financial Report does not cover the Other Information and, accordingly, we do not
                        express an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the
                        Remuneration Report and our related assurance opinion.
                        In connection with our audit of the Financial Report, our responsibility is to read the Other Information.
                        In doing so, we consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent with the Financial
                        Report or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
                        We are required to report if we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this Other




For personal use only
                        Information, and based on the work we have performed on the Other Information that we obtained
                        prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report, we have nothing to report.

                        Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

                        The Directors of the Company and Responsible Entity are responsible for:
                            •   preparing the Financial Report in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including giving a
                                true and fair view of the financial position and performance of the Goodman Group and the
                                Trust, and in compliance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations
                                Regulations 2001;
                            •   implementing necessary internal control to enable the preparation of a Financial Report in
                                accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including giving a true and fair view of the financial
                                position and performance of the Goodman Group and the Trust, and that is free from material
                                misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
                            •   assessing the Goodman Group’s and the Trust’s ability to continue as a going concern and
                                whether the use of the going concern basis of accounting is appropriate. This includes
                                disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
                                accounting unless they either intend to liquidate the Group or the Trust or to cease operations,
                                or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

                        Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report

                        Our objective is:
                            •   to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial Report as a whole is free from
                                material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error; and
                            •   to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinion.
                        Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee, that an audit conducted in
                        accordance with Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it
                        exists.
                        Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the
                        aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on
                        the basis of the Financial Report.
                        A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the Financial Report is located at the
                        Auditing and Assurance Standards Board website at:
                        https://www.auasb.gov.au/admin/file/content102/c3/ar1_2020.pdf. This description forms part of our
                        Auditor’s Report.



                                                                                                                                     197
                        Report on the Remuneration Report

                        Opinion                                    Directors’ responsibilities
                        In our opinion, the Remuneration Report    The Directors of the Company are responsible for the
                        of Goodman Limited for the year ended      preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report
                        30 June 2024, complies with Section        in accordance with Section 300A of the Corporations Act
                        300A of the Corporations Act 2001.         2001.
                                                                   Our responsibilities
                                                                   We have audited the Remuneration Report included on
                                                                   pages 60 – 104 of the Directors’ report for the year ended




For personal use only
                                                                   30 June 2024.
                                                                   Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
                                                                   Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in
                                                                   accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.




                        KPMG                                      Nigel Virgo

                                                                  Partner

                                                                  Sydney

                                                                  15 August 2024




                                                                                                                                198
                                                                                    Goodman Group

                        Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited and its subsidiaries
                        Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2024

                        CONTENTS

                        Report of the Directors                                                     A2
                        Independent auditor’s report                                                A17
                        Consolidated statement of financial position                                A19
                        Consolidated statement of comprehensive income                              A20
                        Consolidated statement of changes in equity                                 A21
                        Consolidated cash flow statement                                            A22

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                           Basis of preparation                                                     A23
                           Results for the year
                           1     (Loss)/profit before interest and income tax                       A25
                           2     Segment reporting                                                  A28




For personal use only
                           3     Taxation                                                           A31
                           4     Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company          A33
                           Operating assets and liabilities
                           5     Property assets                                                    A34
                           6     Receivables                                                        A42
                           7     Contract assets and liabilities                                    A44
                           8     Payables                                                           A45
                           9     Leases                                                             A46
                           Capital management
                           10 Net finance income/(expense)                                          A47
                           11     Interest bearing liabilities                                      A48
                           12 Other financial assets and liabilities                                A49
                           13 Financial risk management                                             A50
                           14 Dividends                                                             A56
                           15 Share capital                                                         A56
                           Other items
                           16 Notes to the consolidated cash flow statement                         A59
                           17 Reserves                                                              A61
                           18 Retained earnings                                                     A61
                           19 Investments in subsidiaries                                           A62
                           20 Related party transactions                                            A63
                           21 Commitments                                                           A65
                           22 Contingencies                                                         A65
                           23 Company level statement of financial position                         A66
                           24 Subsequent events                                                     A66




                                                                                                      A1
                                                                                      Goodman Group


                        Report of the Directors

                        The Directors have pleasure in submitting their annual financial report together with the audited financial statements of Goodman
                        Logistics (HK) Limited (Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Consolidated Entity) for the year ended 30 June
                        2024 (FY24).

                        Incorporation and principal place of business

                        Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited was incorporated in Hong Kong on 18 January 2012 and has its principal place of business at Suite 901,
                        Three Pacific Place, 1 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong.

                        On 22 August 2012, the Company became a party to the stapling deed with Goodman Limited (GL) and Goodman Industrial Trust (GIT),
                        and together the three entities and their subsidiaries are known as Goodman Group. Goodman Group is listed on the Australian
                        Securities Exchange (ASX).

                        Principal activities




For personal use only
                        The principal activities of the Consolidated Entity are investment in industrial property (either directly or in partnerships with other
                        investors) and management services provided to the partnerships (including investment management, property management and
                        development management). The principal activities and other particulars of the subsidiaries are set out in note 19 to the consolidated
                        financial statements.

                        Financial statements

                        The financial performance of the Consolidated Entity for the year ended 30 June 2024 and the Consolidated Entity’s financial position
                        at that date are set out in the consolidated financial report on pages A19 to A66.

                        During the financial year, the Company declared a final dividend of 4.0 cents per share amounting to $76.0 million. This dividend will be
                        paid on 26 August 2024. In the prior year, the Company declared a final dividend of 5.0 cents per share amounting to $94.2 million, which
                        was paid on 25 August 2023.

                        Share capital

                        Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during FY24 are set out in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

                        Directors

                        The Directors during the year and up to the date of this report were:

                        Stephen Johns
                        David Collins
                        Kitty Chung
                        Gregory Goodman (alternate Director to Stephen Johns)
                        Danny Peeters




                                                                                                                                                                   A2
                                                                                   Goodman Group


                        Report of the Directors
                        (continued)

                        Directors of subsidiaries

                        The names of Directors who have served on the Boards of the subsidiaries of the Company during the year and up to the date of this
                        report are set out below:

                        Andrew McGregor                                                    Jorn Bruyninckx
                        Aurelien Noel                                                      Joseph Salvaggio
                        Bing Chuen Lam                                                     Kelly Moore
                        Chandran S/ O Urath Sankaran Nair                                  Koichiro Ito
                        Charles Crossland                                                  Kristoffer Harvey
                        Chen Binghua                                                       Lien Standaert
                        Chen Zhiming                                                       Luke Caffey




For personal use only
                        Cheng Chi Ming Brian                                               Marwan Bustani
                        Chi Wing Lin                                                       Matthew Macdonald
                        Christof Prange                                                    Michael Woodford
                        Chun Kit Fung                                                      Michael O'Sullivan
                        Clare Gow                                                          Nicholas Kurtis
                        Danny Peeters                                                      Nigel Allsop
                        David Heslop                                                       Palacio Francisco
                        David Hinchey                                                      Paul Adams
                        Dirk Mölter                                                        Paul Heslop
                        Dominique Prince                                                   Peter Ralston
                        Edwin Chong                                                        Philip Turpin
                        Gareth Owen                                                        Philippe Arfi
                        Godfrey Abel                                                       Philippe Van der Beken
                        Gregory Goodman                                                    Qiu Yuhong
                        Hans Ongena                                                        Robert Reed
                        Henry Kelly                                                        Shiling Li
                        Ho Gilbert Chi Hang                                                Simone Weyermanns
                        Hugh Baggie                                                        Sin Yee Iris Mak
                        Ignacio Garcia                                                     Song Yun
                        Izak ten Hove                                                      Stephen Young
                        James Benge                                                        Sun Chao
                        James Cornell                                                      Tim Cruypelans
                        Jason Harris                                                       Tsui Victor Kenneth
                        Jesse Verbist                                                      Victoria Gardner
                        John Conway                                                        Wai Ho Stephen Lee
                        John Dakin                                                         Xiaoyin Zhang




                                                                                                                                                             A3
                                                                                      Goodman Group


                        Report of the Directors
                        (continued)

                        BUSINESS REVIEW

                        State of affairs

                        There were no significant changes in the Consolidated Entity’s state of affairs during the year.

                        About Goodman Group

                        Goodman Group is a global industrial property specialist group whose strategy is to maximise returns by providing essential
                        infrastructure for the digital economy by owning, developing and managing high-quality properties that are close to consumers
                        in key cities around the world.

                        Goodman Group’s integrated business model




For personal use only
                        Goodman Group’s Own Develop Manage model focuses the business on its customers’ current and future needs.

                        The Consolidated Entity owns and maintains high-quality properties close to consumers, develops sustainable properties, and manages
                        its global investment portfolio to a high standard. The Consolidated Entity works alongside its capital partners, which include sovereign
                        wealth, pension and large multi-manager funds.

                        In each market, the Consolidated Entity has dedicated local teams which take care of property asset and investment management,
                        delivering a high level of customer service.




                                                                                                                                                               A4
                                                                                      Goodman Group


                        Report of the Directors
                        Business review (continued)

                        Performance review

                        The Consolidated Entity has operations in Asia, Continental Europe and the United Kingdom, and its earnings are derived from property
                        investment, development and management activities.

                        The Consolidated Entity has delivered a strong operating performance, despite the more difficult trading conditions in its markets, with
                        operating profit having decreased by 2.7% to $504.3 million (2023: $518.4 million). The impact of rising interest rates and the trading
                        conditions, especially in China, resulted in the Consolidated Entity reporting negative property valuations for both directly held assets
                        and those held in Partnerships. Consequently, for FY24, there was a statutory loss of $78.8 million, which compared to a statutory profit
                        of $200.2 million in FY23.

                        The Consolidated Entity’s active asset management optimises returns for its investors as the Consolidated Entity continues to focus
                        on the delivery of essential infrastructure for the expanding digital economy. The Consolidated Entity remains focussed on major
                        metropolitan markets that are characterised by higher than average depth of demand and relatively high supply constraints. The




For personal use only
                        location and quality of the Consolidated Entity’s properties can enable increased productivity, underpinning demand as its customers
                        are seeking to improve their supply chain efficiency using automation and offering faster transit times. The growth in e-commerce has
                        been an extension of these trends and an important consideration in the formulation of the Consolidated Entity’s strategy and
                        composition of the portfolio.

                        Supplementing the portfolio performance is the growing activity in data centres. The Consolidated Entity continues to experience
                        strong demand from these customers. The Consolidated Entity is responding by developing large-scale, high value, data centres, and
                        expanding its global power bank to address the expansion of artificial intelligence usage and cloud computing. To date, the
                        Consolidated Entity has not taken an operational control position in any of the data centres.

                        The slow rates of GDP growth in most economies have, however, had a short-term cyclical impact on general demand from occupiers
                        of logistics and warehouse property. Nevertheless, the relative scarcity of space in the Consolidated Entity’s locations, and customers’
                        need for more productive and sustainable solutions has supported the Consolidated Entity’s underlying property fundamentals, and
                        outside of China, the Consolidated Entity’s portfolios have minimal vacancy. Even including China, the occupancy across the
                        Consolidated Entity’s portfolio at 30 June 2024 was at 95% (2023: 97%) and markets in Hong Kong, Continental Europe and the
                        United Kingdom have experienced good rental income growth on lease reversions. The lower property investment earnings during
                        FY24 were a consequence of property disposals, with completed inventories that had been earning investment income for the
                        Consolidated Entity having been sold in FY23 and the early part of FY24.

                        Development earnings were lower in FY24 compared to the prior year, decreasing by 6.1% to $463.9 million. In Greater China and
                        Europe, logistics customers have been more inclined to renew existing leases rather than seeking new premises, and therefore the
                        appetite for growth and new investment in logistics assets has been curtailed in these markets. Overall though, development activities
                        have again provided a significant contribution to the Consolidated Entity’s operating earnings.

                        The higher longer-term government bond yields compared to 12 months ago in most markets and the weakness in the Chinese
                        economy have adversely impacted property valuations during the year. The Consolidated Entity, including its share of Partnerships,
                        reported a net property valuation loss of $368.3 million (2023: loss of $160.5 million). The main driver of the valuation losses has been
                        the expansion of property capitalisation rates, with the weighted average capitalisation rate across the portfolio increasing to 5.9% at
                        30 June 2024 (2023: 5.0%), but a further driver is the assumption for lower rental income that has been adopted in the external
                        valuations of the investment properties in China.

                        Consistent with the property valuation decrements, the Consolidated Entity’s external assets under management (AUM) decreased
                        during FY24 to $26.4 billion (2023: $28.7 billion). The average stabilised AUM in FY24 was in line with the prior year but with lower
                        leasing and transactional activity, revenues from management services, which includes base management fees and property services
                        income, decreased to $179.9 million (2023: $189.2 million). Performance related income from management services was higher in FY24
                        at $77.8 million (2023: $0.3 million), with more performance fee assessment dates having occurred during FY24.




                                                                                                                                                                    A5
                                                                                                         Goodman Group


                        Report of the Directors
                        Business review (continued)

                        In assessing the Consolidated Entity’s underlying performance, the Directors consider operating profit as well as statutory profit.
                        Operating profit is a proxy for cash earnings and is not an income measure under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards. It is defined
                        as profit attributable to Shareholders adjusted for property valuations related movements, fair value adjustments related to hedging
                        activities and other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring items.

                                                                                                                                                                              2024                  2023
                                                                                                                                                                                $M                    $M
                         Analysis of operating profit
                         Property investment earnings                                                                                                                           86.1                  111.9
                         Management earnings                                                                                                                                  195.4                 187.9
                         Development earnings                                                                                                                                463.9                 494.0
                                                                                                                                                                             745.4                 793.8




For personal use only
                         Operating expenses                                                                                                                                  (190.7)               (193.4)
                                                                                                                                                                            554.7                600.4
                                                                               1
                         Net finance income/(expense) (operating)                                                                                                               14.8                  (2.7)
                                                                  2
                         Income tax expense (operating)                                                                                                                       (65.2)                (79.3)
                         Operating profit                                                                                                                                   504.3                  518.4

                        1.   Net finance expense (operating) excludes derivative mark to market and unrealised foreign exchange movements.
                        2.   Income tax expense (operating) excludes the deferred tax movements relating to investment property valuations and other non-operating items, such as the Goodman Group Long Term
                             Incentive Plan (LTIP).




                                                                                                                                                                                                              A6
                                                                                      Goodman Group


                        Report of the Directors
                        Business review (continued)

                        Property investment activities
                        Property investment earnings in FY24 of $86.1 million were lower than the prior year and comprised 12% of the total earnings (2023: 14%).

                                                                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                                                                            $M               $M
                        Net property income                                                                                                35.5             42.4
                        Partnerships                                                                                                      50.6             69.5
                        Property investment earnings                                                                                      86.1             111.9

                        Key metrics                                                                                                       2024             2023
                        Weighted average capitalisation rate (%)                                                                            5.9              5.0
                        Weighted average lease expiry (years)                                                                               4.2              4.6




For personal use only
                        Occupancy (%)                                                                                                      94.8             96.6

                        Property investment earnings comprise gross property income (excluding straight-lining of rental income), less property expenses, plus
                        the Consolidated Entity’s share of the results of property investment joint ventures (JV) (referred to as Partnerships). The key drivers for
                        maintaining or growing the Consolidated Entity’s property investment earnings are increasing the level of property assets (subject also to
                        the Consolidated Entity’s direct and indirect interest), maintaining or increasing occupancy and rental levels within the portfolio, and
                        controlling operating and financing costs within Partnerships.

                        In markets other than China, the Consolidated Entity has experienced rental growth and occupancy has remained high. In China, the
                        weaker economy has impacted demand and leases have been renewed at lower rates and occupancy has decreased. However, overall
                        cash flows in the Consolidated Entity’s portfolio have remained strong.

                        The net income from the Consolidated Entity’s directly held properties decreased by 16% to $35.5 million compared to the prior year due
                        to the lower contribution to rental income in FY24 from completed inventories in Continental Europe, prior to their disposal.

                        The Consolidated Entity’s share of investment earnings from its cornerstone holdings in the Partnerships decreased by 27% to
                        $50.6 million compared to the prior year mainly due to asset disposals in the prior year and the impact of higher interest expense in the
                        Partnerships, as interest rates have increased.

                        During FY24, the Consolidated Entity’s share of property valuations from the stabilised portfolios was a loss of $344.9 million. Valuation
                        decrements primarily arose in China, due to both the expansion of capitalisation rates and lower rental income assumptions. At 30 June
                        2024, the weighted average capitalisation rate for the Consolidated Entity’s portfolios was 5.9%, compared to 5.0% at the start of FY24.

                        Management activities
                        Management earnings in FY24 of $195.4 million increased by 4% compared to the prior year and comprised 26% of total operating
                        earnings (2023: 24%).

                                                                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                                                                            $M               $M
                        Management earnings                                                                                               195.4            187.9

                        Key metrics                                                                                                       2024             2023
                        Number of Partnerships                                                                                               8                 8
                        External AUM ($B)                                                                                                 26.4              28.7




                                                                                                                                                                    A7
                                                                                      Goodman Group


                        Report of the Directors
                        Business review (continued)

                        Management earnings relate to the revenues from managing both the property portfolios and the capital invested in the Partnerships.
                        This includes performance related revenues but excludes earnings from managing development activities in the Partnerships, which are
                        included in development earnings. The key drivers for maintaining or growing management earnings are activity levels, asset
                        performance, and increasing the level of stabilised AUM, which can be impacted by property valuations and asset disposals and is also
                        dependent on liquidity including the continued availability of third party capital to fund both development activity and acquisitions across
                        the Consolidated Entity’s Partnerships.

                        The main driver of the increased management earnings was primarily due to performance related income from Continental Europe
                        recognised in FY24, partly offset by lower property services income due to lower leasing and transactional income. Base fee income was
                        consistent with the prior year, in line with the average stabilised AUM in the portfolio.

                        Development activities
                        Development earnings in FY24 were $463.9 million, a decrease of 6% on the prior year, but still comprised 62% of total operating
                        earnings (2023: 62%).




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                          2024             2023
                                                                                                                                            $M               $M
                        Net development income                                                                                            316.0            485.2
                        Partnerships                                                                                                      147.9              8.8
                        Development earnings                                                                                             463.9            494.0

                        Key metrics                                                                                                        2024            2023
                        Work in progress ($B)                                                                                               5.9             5.8
                        Work in progress (number of developments)                                                                            36              32

                        Development earnings consist of development income, plus the Consolidated Entity’s share of the operating results of Partnerships that
                        is allocable to development activities, plus net gains or losses from disposals of investment properties and equity investments that are
                        allocable to development activities, plus interest income on loans to development JVs, less development expenses. Development
                        income includes development management fees and performance related revenues associated with managing individual development
                        projects in Partnerships. The key drivers for the Consolidated Entity’s development earnings are the level of development activity, land
                        and construction prices, property valuations and the continued availability of capital to fund development activity.

                        Most of the inventory disposals and fixed price contract income arose in Continental Europe, as Goodman Group’s Partnerships
                        in Continental Europe generally acquire completed developments from the Consolidated Entity. In the Consolidated Entity’s other
                        operating segments, development earnings are a mix of development management income, including performance related income, and
                        transactional activity, including the Consolidated Entity’s share of development profits reported by the Partnerships themselves.

                        In FY24, the more difficult economic conditions have seen some moderation of development activity in Greater China and Continental
                        Europe. There has also been a reduction in the proportion of the works being initiated on the Consolidated Entity’s balance sheet in order
                        to conserve capital and reduce risk; this had the effect of reducing the amount of development income derived from the sale of projects
                        in those markets. However, this has been partly offset by additional development earnings from the Consolidated Entity’s development
                        partnership in Japan and a growing level of activity associated with data centres which have recently commenced and are expected to
                        generate earnings in future periods. At 30 June 2024, the Consolidated Entity’s work in progress (measured by reference to expected
                        end value of the projects) was $5.9 billion (2023: $ 5.8 billion) across 36 projects.

                        Other items

                        Operating expenses, including employee and administrative and other expenses, have decreased slightly. The net finance income has
                        increased because of increased interest income from derivatives and positive fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments.
                        The decrease in tax expense is primarily a function of changes to the origin and nature of revenue arising from management and
                        development activities.




                                                                                                                                                                   A8
                                                                                       Goodman Group


                        Report of the Directors
                        Business review (continued)

                        Statement of financial position
                                                                                                                                              2024            2023
                                                                                                                                                $M               $M
                        Stabilised investment properties                                                                                     526.8             451.7
                        Cornerstone investments in Partnerships                                                                            1,668.6         1,850.6
                        Development holdings                                                                                                1,480.1        1,532.2
                        Cash                                                                                                                  478.1            391.9
                        Other assets                                                                                                         774.0         1,076.9
                        Total assets                                                                                                     4,927.6         5,303.3
                        Loans from related parties                                                                                          1,416.9          1,676.1
                        Other liabilities                                                                                                    820.8             817.8




For personal use only
                        Total liabilities                                                                                                2,237.7         2,493.9
                        Non-controlling interests                                                                                              43.1            42.6
                        Net assets attributable to Shareholders                                                                          2,646.8         2,766.8

                        The stabilised investment properties are in Asia and increased by $75.1 million to $526.8 million due to the transfer of one property from
                        development holdings and further acquisitions during the current year.

                        The carrying value of cornerstone investments in Partnerships has decreased by $182.0 million to $1,668.6 million, principally due to the
                        valuation decrements. A reconciliation of the current year movement in cornerstone investments in Partnerships is detailed in note 5(f)
                        to the consolidated financial statements.

                        The decrease in development holdings by $52.1 million to $1,480.1 million was primarily due to the disposal of inventories in Continental
                        Europe and the transfer of one property to stabilised investment properties during the year.

                        Other assets included receivables, fair values of derivative financial instruments that are in an asset position, contract assets, property,
                        plant and equipment and tax assets (including deferred tax). Other liabilities included trade and other payables, the liability for the
                        proposed dividend to Shareholders, fair values of derivative financial instruments that are in a liability position, employee benefits
                        and tax liabilities (including deferred tax).

                        Cash flows

                                                                                                                                             2024            2023
                                                                                                                                               $M              $M
                        Operating cash flows                                                                                                433.7            682.3
                        Investing cash flows                                                                                                (142.7)         (293.0)
                        Financing cash flows                                                                                                (195.8)         (360.7)
                        Net increase in cash held                                                                                            95.2            28.6
                        Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held                                                                     (9.0)            5.8
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                                               391.9           357.5
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                                                    478.1            391.9

                        The decrease in the net operating cash flows compared to the prior year is primarily due to lower cash receipts from development
                        inventory disposals.

                        The net investing cash outflow was primarily due to the net investment in the Consolidated Entity’s Partnerships, to fund acquisitions
                        and new developments, plus the acquisitions of investment properties in Asia.

                        Financing cash flows principally relate to the net repayment of loans with related parties and payment of the dividend in August 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                       A9
                                                                                      Goodman Group


                        Report of the Directors
                        Business review (continued)

                        Outlook

                        As part of Goodman Group, the Consolidated Entity is positioned as a major provider of essential infrastructure in those markets in
                        which it operates. This is the result of many years of focus and has produced significant embedded value in the Consolidated Entity’s
                        assets.
                        The outlook for the Consolidated Entity remains positive with the active rotation of capital a key factor in both funding sustained
                        earnings growth over the long term and maintaining a prudent level of financial leverage.
                        While the logistics offering remains core to the business, with strong underlying fundamentals expected to be maintained, data centres
                        are anticipated to be a major area of growth going forward.
                        We continue to assess the Consolidated Entity’s capital allocation, to both existing and potential opportunities, to provide the best risk-
                        adjusted returns. We are well positioned heading into FY25, with a strong development workbook underway, a strong capital position
                        and attractive opportunities before us.




For personal use only
                        Risks

                        Goodman Group identifies strategic and operational risks for each of its regions as part of its strategy process. The key risks, an
                        assessment of their likelihood of occurrence and consequences and controls that are in place to mitigate the risks are reported
                        to the Goodman Group Board regularly.

                        Goodman Group has established formal systems and processes to manage the risks at each stage of its decision-making process. This
                        is facilitated by a Goodman Group Investment Committee comprising senior executives, chaired by the Group Chief Executive Officer,
                        which considers all major operational decisions and transactions. The Goodman Group Investment Committee meets on a weekly basis.

                        The Goodman Group Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee reviews and monitors a range of material risks in Goodman Group’s risk
                        management systems including, among other risks, market risks, operational risks, financial risk management, sustainability, regulation
                        and compliance, tax policies and information technology.




                                                                                                                                                                  A10
                                                                                       Goodman Group


                        Report of the Directors
                        (continued)

                        The key risks faced by Goodman Group and the controls that have been established to manage those risks are set out in the following
                        table:

                                           Risk area                                    Mitigation
                        Capital           Goodman Group could suffer an inability +          Monthly preparation of a consolidated Capital Management Plan,
                        management        to deliver its strategy, or an acute liquidity     which is reported to the Goodman Group Investment Committee
                        (debt, equity and or solvency crisis, financial loss or              and the Finance and Treasury management committee
                        cash flow)        financial distress as a result of a failure    +   Financial reporting to the Goodman Group Board
                                          in the design or execution of its capital      +   Weekly cash flow monitoring and reporting
                                          management and financing strategy.             +   Goodman Group Board approved Financial Risk Management
                                                                                             (FRM) policy
                                                                                        +    Capital partnering transfers risks into Partnerships
                                                                                        +    Low gearing, ample liquidity and appropriate hedging and duration
                                                                                             to absorb market shocks




For personal use only
                                                                                        +    Diversity and tenor of debt funding sources and cash on deposit
                                                                                        +    Appropriate hedging quantities and duration in accordance with
                                                                                             FRM policy
                                                                                        +    Distribution pay-out ratio consistent with contribution of
                                                                                             development earnings
                                                                                        +    Long lease terms with prime customers
                                                                                        +    Strong assets that can generate better rental outcomes and
                                                                                             growth
                                                                                        +    Key urban market strategy – urban, infill locations support
                                                                                             re-usability of property
                                                                                        +    Insurance program (both Goodman Group’s and key counterparties)
                                                                                             including project specific insurance.
                        Economic and       Economic conditions and government        +       Global diversification of Goodman Group’s property portfolios
                        geopolitical       policies present both risks and           +       Focus on core property portfolios in key urban market locations
                        environment        opportunities in the property and                 and adaptable assets
                                           financial markets and the business of our +       Focus on cost management
                                           customers, which can impact the delivery +        Annual risk assessment and profile
                                           of Goodman's strategy and its financial +         Annual budget
                                           performance.                              +       Regular independent property valuations
                                                                                     +       Asset planning program
                                                                                     +       Prudent capital management with low gearing and significant
                                                                                             available liquidity to allow for potential market shocks
                                                                                        +    Adherence to FRM policy as it relates to hedging of interest rates
                                                                                             and currencies
                                                                                        +    Co-investment with local capital partners.
                        Geopolitical       A continued increase in geopolitical         +    Global diversification of Goodman Group’s property portfolios
                                           tension between countries could have         +    Focus on core property portfolios in key urban market locations
                                           consequences on our people,                       and adaptable assets
                                           operations, and capital partners.            +    Annual five year business strategy
                                                                                        +    Focus on cost management
                                                                                        +    Annual risk assessment and profile
                                                                                        +    Co-investment with local capital partners.




                                                                                                                                                                  A11
                                                                                    Goodman Group


                        Report of the Directors
                        (continued)

                                         Risk area                                   Mitigation
                        Governance,      Non-compliance with legislation,        +       Independent governance structures
                        regulation and   regulators, or internal policies, or an +       Core values and attitudes, with an embedded compliance culture
                        compliance       inability to understand and respond to          focused on best practice
                                         changes in the political and regulatory +       Resourcing in Legal, Compliance and Risk
                                         environment (including taxation) could  +       Review of transactions by the Goodman Group Investment
                                         result in legal action, financial               Committee
                                         consequences and damage our standing +          Annual compliance plan audits
                                         and reputation with stakeholders.       +       Partnership investment committees independent of the manager
                                                                                 +       Global tax risk management framework
                                                                                 +       Regional and Goodman Group Executive declarations and sign-offs
                                                                                 +       Verification process and sign-off of public documents
                                                                                 +       Comprehensive insurance program, covering property, liability,
                                                                                         Directors and Officers and Professional Indemnity




For personal use only
                                                                                     +   Continuous disclosure regime – regular Goodman Group
                                                                                         management meetings.
                        People and       Failure to recruit, develop, support and    +   Competitive remuneration structures, in particular performance
                        culture          retain staff with the right skills and          rights under the LTIP, with ALL staff having ownership
                                         experience may result in significant        +   Succession planning for senior executives and key roles
                                         underperformance or impact the              +   Performance management and staff review
                                         effectiveness of operations and decision    +   Overall performance review ratings to assess culture and
                                         making, in turn impacting business              engagement
                                         performance.                                +   Learning and development programs to enhance skills sets
                                                                                     +   Goodman Values program
                                                                                     +   Staff engagement through team strategy days, town halls and the
                                                                                         (good) life program
                                                                                     +   Creative incentive schemes or remuneration packages to retain
                                                                                         high performing Data Centre employees.
                        Development      Development risks may arise from           +    Review and approval of development projects by the Goodman
                                         location, site complexity, planning and         Group Investment Committee and relevant Partnership
                                         permitting, infrastructure, size, duration      Investment Committee
                                         along with general contractor capability. +     Targeted returns are higher for the size and complexity of the
                                                                                         project
                                                                                     +   Engaging general contractors that are appropriately capitalised
                                                                                     +   Senior oversight and responsibility by Executive Directors
                                                                                     +   Capital partnering transfers risks into partnerships
                                                                                     +   Specialised staff who understand the development process,
                                                                                         including dedicated development staff within each region
                                                                                     +   Goodman Group defined design specifications, which cover
                                                                                         environmental, technological and safety requirements, protecting
                                                                                         against short-term obsolescence
                                                                                     +   Fixed price, design and construct contracts with appropriately
                                                                                         capitalised contractors
                                                                                     +   Redevelopment of older assets to intensify use
                                                                                     +   Insurance program (both Goodman Group’s and key contractors),
                                                                                         including project specific insurance
                                                                                     +   Spread and diversification of projects across markets
                                                                                     +   Ongoing monitoring and reporting of WIP and levels of speculative
                                                                                         development, with Board oversight including limits with respect to
                                                                                         speculative development
                                                                                     +   Implementation of Goodman Group policies and procedures
                                                                                         (e.g. reporting, Safety framework and delegation of authority)
                                                                                     +   Leasing prior to reaching development completion.




                                                                                                                                                              A12
                                                                                     Goodman Group


                        Report of the Directors
                        (continued)

                                         Risk area                                    Mitigation
                        Disruption,      The longer-term risk that an inability to    +   Key urban market strategy – urban, infill locations support
                        changes in       understand and respond effectively to            re-usability of property
                        demand and       changes in our competitive landscape         +   Adaptable and reusable building design – ease to reconfigure for
                        obsolescence     and customer value chain could result in         another customer
                                         business model disruption and asset          +   Geographic diversification – capital allocation across regions and
                                         obsolescence, including the perception           location of properties
                                         of obsolescence in the short term.           +   Capital partnering transfers risks into Partnerships
                                                                                      +   Insurance program (both Goodman Group’s and key contractors),
                                                                                          including project specific insurance covering design and defects
                                                                                      +   Long lease terms with prime customers
                                                                                      +   Innovation and technology strategy – visibility and insight into
                                                                                          technology trends along with direct investment into technology
                                                                                          start-ups




For personal use only
                                                                                      +   Competition analysis and behaviour.
                        Environmental      Failure to deliver on Goodman Group's      +   Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability policy
                        sustainability and sustainability leadership strategy and     +   2030 Sustainability Strategy and reporting against those targets
                        climate change ambitions may lead to a negative impact        +   Assessment of individual assets to improve resilience and
                                           on Goodman Group's reputation, ability         implementation of sustainability initiatives
                                           to raise capital and a disruption to       +   Sustainability guidelines for development projects including
                                           operations and stranded assets.                embodied carbon measurement and offset
                                                                                      +   Review and approval of acquisitions and development projects
                                                                                          by the Goodman Group Investment Committee and relevant
                                                                                          Partnership Investment Committee, including consideration of
                                                                                          climate risks in the due diligence process and minimum property
                                                                                          specifications
                                                                                      +   Adoption of the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures
                                                                                          recommendations as a framework for the assessment,
                                                                                          management and disclosure of climate risks
                                                                                      +   Investor, customer and regulatory requirements
                                                                                      +   Verification process and sign-off of public sustainability
                                                                                          documents
                                                                                      +   Adherence to Goodman Group Procurement Policy for selection
                                                                                          and purchase of Carbon Credits
                                                                                      +   LTIP performance directly linked to meeting Goodman Group’s
                                                                                          sustainability initiatives
                                                                                      +   Working directly with industry bodies to help promote industry
                                                                                          engagement and understand disclosure obligations
                                                                                      +   Working with supply chain to promote carbon reduction through
                                                                                          choice of materials etc.
                        Asset and        Inability to execute asset planning and  +       Key urban market strategy – urban, infill locations where customer
                        portfolio        management strategies, including leasing         demand is strongest
                                         risk exposures, can reduce returns from +        In-house property management team
                                         Goodman Group's portfolios.              +       Diversification of customer base and lease expiries
                                                                                  +       Review and approval of significant leasing transactions and
                                                                                          development projects by the Goodman Group Investment
                                                                                          Committee and relevant Partnership Investment Committee
                                                                                      +   Capital expenditure programs keeping pace with property
                                                                                          lifecycle
                                                                                      +   Implementation of Goodman Group policies and procedures (e.g.
                                                                                          reporting, Safety framework, sustainability measures and minimum
                                                                                          design specifications)
                                                                                      +   Insurance program including public liability policies, including
                                                                                          property risk assessment reports
                                                                                      +   Customer risk assessments
                                                                                      +   Asset plans – in particular categorisation of assets, maintenance
                                                                                          program, customer engagement
                                                                                      +   Portfolio strategy – locations, type of building.




                                                                                                                                                               A13
                                                                                   Goodman Group


                        Report of the Directors
                        (continued)

                                          Risk area                               Mitigation
                        Concentration of Over-exposure to specific areas,         +    Standardised governance structures around Partnerships,
                        counterparties such as capital partners, supply chain,         which includes:
                        and markets      customers and markets, may limit              - Relationship deeds articulating service arrangements
                                         growth and sustainability opportunities.      - Pre-emptive rights
                                                                                  +    Independent governance structures of Partnerships
                                                                                  +    Diversification of capital partners and fund expiries, including local
                                                                                       investors. Analysis of alternate capital sources
                                                                                  +    Goodman Group’s cornerstone investment in each Partnership
                                                                                       and the underlying strength of the Manager
                                                                                  +    Appropriate management contracts across all Partnerships
                                                                                  +    Contractor pre-selection and tendering
                                                                                  +    Diversification of customer base and lease expiry




For personal use only
                                                                                  +    Investment metrics established for Goodman Group and
                                                                                       Partnerships, setting limits including:
                                                                                       - Speculative development
                                                                                       - Geographic and customer exposure
                                                                                  +    FRM policies of Goodman Group and Partnerships (where
                                                                                       appropriate) establishing criteria for financial institution
                                                                                       counterparties.
                        Information,      Maintaining security (including cyber    +   Strategic roadmap for delivery of secured IT systems, benchmarked
                        data and cyber    security) of Information Technology (IT)     against the Australian Signal Directorate’s Essential maturity model
                        security          environment and data, ensuring               and United States National Institute of Standards and Technology
                                          continuity of IT infrastructure and          Cyber Security framework
                                          applications to support sustainability   +   Proactive monitoring, review and testing of infrastructure and
                                          and growth and prevent operational,          system behaviour
                                          regulatory, financial and reputational   +   Incident response, disaster recovery and business continuity
                                          impacts.                                     planning
                                                                                   +   Penetration testing, vulnerability scanning and network review
                                                                                       to identify and remediate
                                                                                  +    IT Dashboard Reporting to the Audit, Risk and Compliance
                                                                                       Committee
                                                                                  +    Phishing awareness program implemented to educate and test
                                                                                       employees’ awareness and vigilance in avoiding threats
                                                                                  +    Cyber security awareness/training
                                                                                  +    Decommissioning legacy systems
                                                                                  +    Transition from employee password reliance
                                                                                  +    Speed of threat/vulnerability detection
                                                                                  +    Data system back-up/restore testing
                                                                                  +    Phishing simulation testing/reporting
                                                                                  +    Reporting and compliance with Essential Eight, baseline strategies to
                                                                                       mitigate cyber security incidents, developed by the Australian Cyber
                                                                                       Security Centre.




                                                                                                                                                                A14
                                                                                      Goodman Group


                        Report of the Directors
                        (continued)

                        Environmental regulations

                        The Consolidated Entity has policies and procedures to identify and appropriately address environmental obligations that might arise in
                        respect of the Consolidated Entity’s operations that are subject to significant environmental regulation under the laws of the countries
                        the Consolidated Entity operates in. The Directors have determined that the Consolidated Entity has complied with those obligations
                        during the financial year and that there has not been any material breach.

                        Disclosure in respect of any indemnification of Directors

                        A permitted indemnity provision (as defined in section 469 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance) for the benefit of the Directors
                        of the Company is currently in force and was in force throughout this year.

                        Directors’ interests in contracts

                        No contract of significance in relation to the Consolidated Entity’s business to which the Company, its subsidiaries or any of its fellow




For personal use only
                        subsidiaries was a party and in which the Directors of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at
                        the end of the year or at any time during the year.

                        Directors’ interests in shares

                        At the end of the year, the Directors (including alternate Directors) held the following interests in the stapled securities of Goodman
                        Group, which are listed on the ASX:

                        Directors                                                                                                                          Total
                        Stephen Johns                                                                                                     41,143          41,143
                        David Collins                                                                                                     5,000           5,000
                        Kitty Chung                                                                                                            -          5,800
                        Gregory Goodman                                                                                              38,667,487      37,930,495
                        Danny Peeters                                                                                                 1,678,465       2,085,267

                        In addition, Gregory Goodman and Danny Peeters participate in the LTIP under which they hold performance rights. Performance rights
                        entitle participants to receive Goodman Group stapled securities without the payment of consideration, subject to Goodman Group
                        satisfying performance criteria and the participants remaining employees of Goodman Group.

                        Details of the awards of performance rights under the LTIP granted as compensation to the Directors (including alternate Directors)
                        at 30 June 2024 are as follows:
                                                      Number of       Number of     Number of       Number of     Number of
                                                   performance performance performance performance performance                         Date    Financial
                                                    rights at the rights granted rights vested rights forfeited rights at the performance        years in
                                                     start of the     during the    during the      during the    end of the          rights which rights
                                                               year         year              year          year           year     granted vest/vested
                        Gregory Goodman                          –     900,000                   –            –     900,000 14 Nov 2023 2028 – 2034
                                                      1,000,000               –                  –            –   1,000,000 17 Nov 2022 2027 – 2033
                                                       1,560,000              –                  –            –    1,560,000    18 Nov 2021 2026 – 2032
                                                         950,000              –       (278,667)        (114,000)      557,333 19 Nov 2020 2024 – 2026
                                                         576,000              –      (288,000)                –      288,000 20 Nov 2019 2024 – 2025
                                                          533,334             –       (533,334)               –              –  15 Nov 2018         2024
                        Danny Peeters                            –      455,000                  –            –      455,000 14 Nov 2023 2028 – 2034
                                                         500,000              –                  –            –      500,000 17 Nov 2022 2027 – 2033
                                                         625,000              –                  –            –      625,000    18 Nov 2021 2026 – 2032
                                                         380,000              –           (111,467)    (45,600)       222,933 19 Nov 2020 2024 – 2026
                                                          224,001             –          (112,001)            –        112,000 20 Nov 2019 2024 – 2025
                                                           183,334            –        (183,334)              –              –  15 Nov 2018         2024

                        Apart from the above, at no time during the year was the Company, its subsidiaries or any of its fellow subsidiaries a party to any
                        arrangement to enable the Directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures
                        of the Company or any other related body corporate.



                                                                                                                                                                    A15
                                                                                       Goodman Group


                        Report of the Directors
                        (continued)

                        Auditors

                        KPMG retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution for the re-appointment of KPMG as auditors of the
                        Company is to be proposed at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.

                        Subsequent events

                        There has not arisen in the interval between the end of the financial year and the date of this report any item, transaction or event of a
                        material and unusual nature likely, in the opinion of the Directors, to affect significantly the operations of the Consolidated Entity, the
                        results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the Consolidated Entity, in future financial years.

                        Declaration by the Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer

                        The Directors have been given declarations equivalent to those required of listed Australian companies by section 295A of the




For personal use only
                        Corporations Act 2001 from the Group Chief Executive Officer and Group Chief Financial Officer for the year ended 30 June 2024.

                        By order of the Board of Directors




                        Stephen Johns
                        Independent Chairman




                        David Collins
                        Director

                        15 August 2024




                                                                                                                                                                      A16
For personal use only
                        Independent Auditor's Report (continued)
                        To the members of Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited (Incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)


                        Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements

                        Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
                        free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our
                        opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong Kong Companies
                        Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person
                        for the contents of this report.

                        Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
                        HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
                        considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
                        decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

                        As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional




For personal use only
                        scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

                             Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
                             fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
                             sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
                             resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
                             omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

                             Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
                             appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
                             Group's internal control.

                             Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
                             related disclosures made by the Directors.

                             Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
                             audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
                             significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
                             exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
                             financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
                             the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause
                             the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

                             Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
                             disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
                             in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

                             Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
                             within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
                             direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

                        We communicate with the Directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
                        significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.




                        Ce� Accountants

                        8th Floor, Prince's Building
                        10 Chater Road
                        Central, Hong Kong

                        15 August 2024




                                                                                                                                                    A18
                                                                                   Goodman Group


                        Consolidated statement of financial position
                        as at 30 June 2024
                        (expressed in Australian dollars)
                                                                                                                                2024          2023
                                                                                                                   Note           $M            $M
                        Current assets
                        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                  16(a)       478.1          391.9
                        Inventories                                                                                 5(b)            –          121.6
                        Receivables                                                                                    6      206.6           173.8
                        Contract assets                                                                                7        12.9           70.7
                        Current tax receivables                                                                     3(c)        12.3            0.3
                        Other assets                                                                                             3.3            3.4
                        Other financial assets                                                                        12         11.5            11.3
                        Total current assets                                                                                  724.7          773.0
                        Non-current assets
                        Inventories                                                                                 5(b)       1,480.1       1,410.6
                        Investment properties                                                                       5(b)        526.8          451.7




For personal use only
                        Investments accounted for using the equity method                                           5(b)      1,668.6       1,850.6
                        Receivables                                                                                    6        293.2          612.0
                        Other financial assets                                                                        12         183.6           161.1
                        Deferred tax assets                                                                         3(d)          20.6         20.2
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                             23.6          23.3
                        Other assets                                                                                               6.4           0.8
                        Total non-current assets                                                                            4,202.9       4,530.3
                        Total assets                                                                                        4,927.6       5,303.3
                        Current liabilities
                        Payables                                                                                       8       277.7         285.2
                        Interest bearing liabilities                                                                              1.7            –
                        Loans from related parties                                                                 20(c)        80.4          86.6
                        Current tax payables                                                                        3(c)         31.6          52.1
                        Employee benefits                                                                                        48.1         46.0
                        Dividend payable                                                                              14        76.0          94.2
                        Other financial liabilities                                                                   12        26.7          79.9
                        Total current liabilities                                                                             542.2         644.0
                        Non-current liabilities
                        Payables                                                                                       8         138.7          93.3
                        Interest bearing liabilities                                                                   11          63.1         46.7
                        Loans from related parties                                                                 20(c)      1,336.5        1,589.5
                        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                    3(d)            5.7           9.5
                        Employee benefits                                                                                          14.6          12.8
                        Other financial liabilities                                                                   12         136.9           98.1
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                       1,695.5        1,849.9
                        Total liabilities                                                                                   2,237.7       2,493.9
                        Net assets                                                                                          2,689.9       2,809.4
                        Equity attributable to Shareholders
                        Share capital                                                                              15(a)       994.2         930.9
                        Reserves                                                                                      17      (568.6)       (547.3)
                        Retained earnings                                                                             18      2,221.2      2,383.2
                        Total equity attributable to Shareholders                                                           2,646.8       2,766.8
                        Non-controlling interests                                                                                43.1         42.6
                        Total equity                                                                                        2,689.9       2,809.4

                        The notes on pages A23 to A66 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                        Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 15 August 2024.




                        Stephen Johns                                                              David Collins
                        Director                                                                   Director

                                                                                                                                                         A19
                                                                                        Goodman Group


                        Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                        for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        (expressed in Australian dollars)
                                                                                                                        2024          2023
                                                                                                              Note        $M            $M
                        Revenue
                        Gross property income                                                                            46.0          52.8
                        Management income                                                                         1     257.7         189.5
                        Development income                                                                        1    583.3         934.7
                        Dividends from investments                                                                        0.3           0.8
                                                                                                                       887.3       1,177.8
                        Property and development expenses
                        Property expenses                                                                                (7.9)        (10.4)
                        Development expenses                                                                      1    (267.6)      (454.4)
                                                                                                                      (275.5)      (464.8)
                        Other net losses




For personal use only
                        Net loss from fair value adjustments on investment properties                          5(e)      (23.4)         (0.4)
                        Net gain on disposal of investment properties                                                        –           4.1
                        Share of net results of equity accounted investments                                   5(f)     (153.5)        (91.8)
                                                                                                                       (176.9)        (88.1)
                        Other expenses
                        Employee expenses                                                                         1      (151.2)     (152.3)
                        Share based payments expense                                                          15(b)     (216.2)        (111.8)
                        Administrative and other expenses                                                                (39.5)         (41.1)
                        Transaction management fees                                                                      (62.3)          (1.6)
                                                                                                                      (469.2)      (306.8)
                        (Loss)/profit before interest and income tax                                                   (34.3)         318.1
                        Net finance income/(expense)
                        Finance income                                                                          10       93.9          38.1
                        Finance expense                                                                         10      (75.7)       (129.1)
                        Net finance income/(expense)                                                                     18.2       (91.0)
                        (Loss)/profit before income tax                                                                  (16.1)     227.1
                        Income tax expense                                                                     3(a)     (62.7)      (26.9)
                        (Loss)/profit for the year                                                                     (78.8)      200.2
                        (Loss)/profit for the year attributable to:
                        Shareholders                                                                             18     (86.0)      187.4
                        Non-controlling interests                                                                         7.2        12.8
                        (Loss)/profit for the year                                                                     (78.8)      200.2
                        Other comprehensive income/(loss)
                        Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
                        Increase due to revaluation of other financial assets                                              9.7          10.7
                        Actuarial (losses)/gains on defined benefit retirement schemes (net of tax)                       (3.5)          0.5
                                                                                                                          6.2           11.2
                        Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
                        Effect of foreign currency translation                                                          (52.2)        37.0
                                                                                                                       (52.2)        37.0
                        Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax                                     (46.0)        48.2
                        Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                                (124.8)       248.4
                        Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year attributable to:
                        Shareholders                                                                                    (131.9)      234.6
                        Non-controlling interests                                                                          7.1         13.8
                        Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                                (124.8)       248.4

                        The notes on pages A23 to A66 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                            A20
                                                                                   Goodman Group

                        Consolidated statement of changes in equity
                        for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        Year ended 30 June 2023
                        (expressed in Australian dollars)
                                                                                                   Attributable to Shareholders

                                                                                   Share capital

                                                                                                              Reserves $M
                                                                                                                                                             Non-
                                                                                                                              Retained                                        Total equity

                                                                                                                                                  Total $M
                                                                                                                                                             controlling

                                                                          Note     $M                                         earnings $M                    interests $M     $M
                         Balance at 1 July 2022                                    873.0                 (605.1)            2,290.0         2,557.9               28.2       2,586.1
                         Total comprehensive income for the year
                         Profit for the year                                  18             –                –                 187.4         187.4                 12.8     200.2
                         Other comprehensive income for the year                             –             47.2                     –          47.2                  1.0      48.2
                         Total comprehensive income for the year,
                         net of income tax                                                  –              47.2                187.4          234.6                13.8       248.4
                         Contributions by and distributions to owners




For personal use only
                         Dividends declared/paid                              14            –                   –               (94.2)        (94.2)               (29.3)     (123.5)
                         Issue of shares to employees of Goodman Group 15(a)            46.1                    –                   –          46.1                    –        46.1
                         Issue of ordinary shares                          15(a)         11.9                   –                   –           11.9                   –         11.9
                         Issue costs                                       15(a)        (0.1)                   –                   –            (0.1)                 –          (0.1)
                         Equity settled share based payments transactions 17(c)             –                11.6                   –           11.6                   –         11.6
                         Deferred tax associated with the LTIP             17(c)            –                (1.0)                  –           (1.0)                  –         (1.0)
                         Acquisition of special purpose development
                         entity with non-controlling interests                               –                     –                  –              –                1.3           1.3
                         Issue of preference shares to non-controlling
                         interest                                         20(b)        –                      –                   –               –               28.6         28.6
                         Balance at 30 June 2023                                   930.9                 (547.3)            2,383.2         2,766.8               42.6      2,809.4

                        Year ended 30 June 2024
                        (expressed in Australian dollars)
                                                                                                Attributable to Shareholders

                                                                                   Share capital

                                                                                                             Reserves $M
                                                                                                                                                             Non-
                                                                                                                              Retained                                        Total equity

                                                                                                                                                 Total $M
                                                                                                                                                             controlling

                                                                         Note      $M                                         earnings $M                    interests $M     $M
                        Balance at 1 July 2023                                     930.9                (547.3)             2,383.2         2,766.8               42.6      2,809.4
                        Total comprehensive (loss)/income
                        for the year
                        (Loss)/profit for the year                           18             –                 –                (86.0)         (86.0)                7.2       (78.8)
                        Other comprehensive loss for the year                               –             (45.9)                   –          (45.9)                (0.1)     (46.0)
                        Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the
                        year, net of income tax                                             –             (45.9)              (86.0)          (131.9)                7.1     (124.8)
                        Contributions by and distributions to owners
                        Dividends declared/paid                              14          –                     –               (76.0)         (76.0)                (8.2)     (84.2)
                        Issue of ordinary shares                          15(a)       13.0                     –                   –            13.0                   –        13.0
                        Issue of shares to employees of Goodman Group 15(a)          50.3                      –                   –           50.3                    –       50.3
                        Equity settled share based payments transactions 17(c)           –                  17.3                   –            17.3                   –        17.3
                        Deferred tax associated with the LTIP             17(c)          –                   7.3                   –             7.3                   –         7.3
                        Acquisition of special purpose development
                        entity with non-controlling interests                          –                     –                    –               –                 1.6         1.6
                        Balance at 30 June 2024                                    994.2                (568.6)             2,221.2         2,646.8                43.1     2,689.9

                        The notes on pages A23 to A66 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                                                             A21
                                                                                   Goodman Group

                        Consolidated cash flow statement
                        for the year ended 30 June 2024
                        (expressed in Australian dollars)
                                                                                                                       2024          2023
                                                                                                              Note       $M            $M
                        Cash flows from operating activities
                        Property income received                                                                        36.0          50.4
                        Cash receipts from development activities                                                     602.5         896.4
                        Cash receipts from management and other activities                                            262.0         218.0
                        Property expenses paid                                                                            (4.7)        (8.7)
                        Payments for development activities                                                             (315.1)    (329.8)
                        Other cash payments in the course of operations                                                (251.6)     (242.4)
                        Dividends/distributions received                                                                 109.1      102.9
                        Interest received                                                                                88.6         65.0
                        Finance costs paid                                                                                (0.4)        (0.7)




For personal use only
                        Net income taxes paid                                                                           (92.7)       (68.8)
                        Net cash provided by operating activities                                             16(b)   433.7        682.3
                        Cash flows from investing activities
                        Net proceeds from disposal of investment properties                                                  –          (0.1)
                        Payments for investment properties                                                               (16.9)     (100.2)
                        Return of capital from equity accounted investments                                             107.9         141.7
                        Payments for equity investments                                                               (227.4)      (330.9)
                        Payments for plant and equipment                                                                  (6.3)        (3.5)
                        Net cash used in investing activities                                                         (142.7)     (293.0)
                        Cash flows from financing activities
                        Net proceeds from issue of ordinary shares                                                        13.0          11.9
                        Transaction costs from issue of ordinary securities                                                   –         (0.1)
                        Drawdown of borrowings                                                                           25.0         40.6
                        Net repayments of loans with related parties                                                    (85.9)      (281.8)
                        Repayments of borrowings and payments under derivative financial instruments                    (40.5)       (49.0)
                        Dividends paid to Shareholders                                                                  (94.2)       (46.7)
                        Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                       (8.2)      (29.3)
                        Payments of lease liabilities                                                                     (6.6)        (7.6)
                        Capital contributed by non-controlling interests                                                    1.6          1.3
                        Net cash used in financing activities                                                         (195.8)     (360.7)
                        Net increase in cash held                                                                        95.2         28.6
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                          391.9       357.5
                        Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held                                                 (9.0)         5.8
                        Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                      16(a)    478.1       391.9

                        The notes on pages A23 to A66 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                A22
                                                                                       Goodman Group

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        (expressed in Australian dollars)

                        BASIS OF PREPARATION

                        Statement of compliance

                        These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (HKFRSs),
                        which collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards
                        and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA). These financial statements also
                        comply with the applicable requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

                        Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements

                        The measurement basis used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements is the historical cost basis except for
                        investment properties, derivative financial instruments, investment in unlisted securities and liabilities for cash settled share based
                        payment arrangements which are stated at fair value.




For personal use only
                        Accounting for acquisitions of non-controlling interests

                        Acquisitions of non-controlling interests are accounted for as transactions with equity holders in their capacity as equity holders
                        and therefore no gain or loss and no goodwill is recognised as a result of such transactions.

                        Foreign currency translation

                        Functional and presentation currency
                        Items included in the consolidated financial statements of each of the Company’s subsidiaries are measured using the currency of the
                        primary economic environment in which the entity operates (functional currency). The consolidated financial statements are presented
                        in Australian dollars, which is the Company’s functional and presentation currency.

                        Transactions
                        Foreign currency transactions are translated to each entity’s functional currency at rates approximating the foreign exchange rates
                        ruling at the dates of the transactions. Amounts receivable and payable in foreign currencies at the reporting date are translated at the
                        rates of exchange ruling on that date. Resulting exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss.

                        Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms of historical cost are translated at rates of exchange applicable at the
                        date of the initial transaction. Non-monetary items which are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the
                        exchange rates at the date when the fair value was determined.

                        Translation of controlled foreign operations
                        The assets and liabilities of controlled foreign operations are translated into Australian dollars at foreign exchange rates applicable at the
                        reporting date.
                        Revenue and expenses are translated at weighted average rates for the financial year. Exchange differences arising on translation are
                        taken directly to the foreign currency translation reserve until the disposal or partial disposal of the operations.
                        Exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part of the net investment in a controlled foreign operation are recognised
                        in the foreign currency translation reserve on consolidation.

                        Exchange rates used
                        The following exchange rates are the main exchange rates used in translating foreign currency transactions, balances and financial
                        statements to Australian dollars.
                                                                                                    Weighted average                   As at 30 June
                         Australian dollar (AUD) to                                                     2024            2023            2024           2023
                         Hong Kong dollar (HKD)                                                         5.1273          5.2751          5.2081        5.2235
                         Chinese yuan (CNY)                                                             4.7371         4.6804          4.8469         4.8339
                         Japanese yen (JPY)                                                           97.7982        92.3936         107.3010        96.1530
                         Euros (EUR)                                                                   0.6062          0.6433          0.6226         0.6109
                         British pounds sterling (GBP)                                                 0.5206          0.5592          0.5274         0.5249
                         United States dollar (USD)                                                    0.6557           0.6731         0.6670         0.6664




                                                                                                                                                                   A23
                                                                                       Goodman Group

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Basis of preparation (continued)

                        Changes in accounting policies

                        The AASB has issued amendments to standards that were first effective from 1 July 2023 but none of these had a material impact on
                        the Consolidated Entity’s financial statements.

                        Accounting standards issued but not yet effective

                        The Consolidated Entity has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current accounting period.
                        None of the new accounting standards or interpretations is expected to have a significant impact on the future results of the
                        Consolidated Entity.

                        Critical accounting estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements

                        The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires estimates and assumptions concerning the application of accounting
                        policies and the future to be made by the Consolidated Entity. Estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical




For personal use only
                        experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

                        The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and
                        liabilities within the next financial year can be found in the following notes:

                        +   Note 5 – Property assets
                        +   Note 13 – Financial risk management.

                        The accounting impacts of revisions to estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods
                        affected.

                        Measurement of fair values
                        A number of the Consolidated Entity’s accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both financial
                        and non-financial assets and liabilities.

                        When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Consolidated Entity uses market observable data as far as possible.
                        Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy and have been defined as follows:

                        +   Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                        +   Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
                            (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices)
                        +   Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                        Further information about the assumptions made in measuring fair values is included in the following notes:

                        +   Note 5 – Property assets
                        +   Note 13 – Financial risk management.




                                                                                                                                                                  A24
                                                                                       Goodman Group

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        (continued)

                        RESULTS FOR THE YEAR

                        1 (Loss)/profit before interest and income tax

                        Gross property income
                        Gross property income comprises rental income under operating leases (net of incentives provided) and amounts billed to customers for
                        outgoings (e.g. rates, levies, cleaning, security, etc). Amounts billed to customers for outgoings are a cost recovery for the Consolidated
                        Entity and are recognised once the expense has been incurred. The expense is included in property expenses.

                        Rental income under operating leases is recognised on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease contract. Where operating lease
                        rental income is recognised relating to fixed increases in rentals in future years, an asset is recognised. This asset is a component of the
                        relevant investment property carrying amount. The cost of lease incentives provided to customers is amortised on a straight-line basis
                        over the life of the lease as a reduction of gross property income.

                        Management and development income




For personal use only
                        The revenue from management and development activities is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract
                        with a customer. The Consolidated Entity recognises revenue when it transfers control over a product or service to a customer.

                        Management income
                        Fee income derived from management services relates to investment management base fees and property services fees and is
                        recognised and invoiced progressively as the services are provided. Customers make payments usually either monthly or quarterly
                        in arrears.

                        Performance related management income generally relates to portfolio performance fee income, which is recognised progressively
                        as the services are provided but only when the income can be reliably measured and is highly probable of not being reversed. These
                        portfolio performance fees are typically dependent on the overall returns of a Partnership relative to an agreed benchmark return,
                        assessed over the life of the Partnership, which can vary from one year to seven years. The returns are impacted by operational factors
                        such as the quality and location of the portfolio, active property management, rental income rates and development activity but can also
                        be significantly affected by changes in global and local economic conditions. Accordingly, portfolio performance fee revenue is only
                        recognised towards the end of the relevant assessment period, as prior to this revenue recognition is not considered to be sufficiently
                        certain.

                        In determining the amount of revenue that can be reliably measured, management prepares a sensitivity analysis to understand the
                        impact of changes in asset valuations on the potential performance fee at the assessment date. The assessment of revenue will depend
                        on the prevailing market conditions at the reporting date relative to long-term averages and also the length of time until the assessment
                        date e.g. the longer the time period to assessment date, the greater the impact of the sensitivity analysis. The potential portfolio
                        performance fee revenue is then recognised based on the length of time from the start of the assessment period to the reporting date as
                        a proportion of the total assessment period. Where the income is attributable to development activities or it relates to a combination of
                        inextricable management and development activities that have occurred over the performance fee period, then it is reported as
                        development income; otherwise the income is reported as management income. The Partnerships make payments in respect of portfolio
                        performances fees at the end of the performance periods, when the attainment of the conditions has been verified and the amount of the
                        fee has been agreed by all parties.




                                                                                                                                                                  A25
                                                                                      Goodman Group

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Results for the year (continued)

                        Development income – disposal of inventories
                        The disposal of inventories is recognised at the point in time when control over the property asset is transferred to the customer. This will
                        generally occur on transfer of legal title and payment in full by the customer. The gain or loss on disposal of inventories is calculated as
                        the difference between the carrying amount of the asset at the time of disposal and the proceeds on disposal (less transaction costs)
                        and is included in profit or loss in the period of disposal.

                        Development income – development management services
                        Fee income from development management services (including master-planning, development management and overall project
                        management) is recognised progressively as the services are provided in proportion to the stage of completion by reference to costs.
                        Payments are received in accordance with the achievement of agreed milestones over the development period. The development period
                        can exceed 24 months for larger and more complex developments.

                        Performance related development income includes income associated with the returns from individual developments under the
                        Consolidated Entity’s management and performance fee income that relates to development activity. Income in respect of individual
                        developments is recognised by the Consolidated Entity on attainment of the performance related conditions, which is when the income




For personal use only
                        can be reliably measured and is highly probable of not being reversed. These amounts are paid by the Partnership when the amounts
                        have been measured and agreed. Income associated with development activities as part of a portfolio assessment is recognised on the
                        same basis as outlined above in the management income section.

                        Development income – fixed price development contracts
                        Certain development activities are assessed as being fixed price development contracts. This occurs when a signed contract exists,
                        either prior to the commencement of or during the development phase, to acquire a development asset from the Consolidated Entity on
                        completion. Revenue and expenses relating to these development contracts are recognised in profit or loss in proportion to the stage of
                        completion of the relevant contracts by reference to costs. The payments by the purchaser usually occur on completion of the
                        development once legal title has been transferred but payments may be made during the development period on achievement
                        of agreed milestones. The development period can exceed 24 months for larger and more complex developments.

                        Net gain on disposal of investment properties
                        The disposal of an investment property is recognised at the point in time when control over the property has been transferred to the
                        purchaser.

                        Employee benefits
                        Wages, salaries and annual leave
                        Wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, and annual leave, represent present obligations resulting from employees’ services
                        provided to the reporting date. These are calculated at undiscounted amounts based on rates that are expected to be paid as at the
                        reporting date including related on-costs, such as workers’ compensation insurance and payroll tax.

                        Bonuses
                        A liability is recognised in other payables and accruals for bonuses where there is a contractual obligation or where there is a past
                        practice that has created a constructive obligation. Liabilities for bonuses that are expected to be settled within 12 months are measured
                        at the amounts expected to be paid, including related on-costs, when they are settled.

                        Superannuation
                        Defined contribution retirement plans
                        Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are recognised as an expense as incurred.

                        Defined benefit retirement schemes
                        The net obligation in respect of defined benefit retirement schemes is recognised in the statement of financial position and is calculated
                        separately for each plan by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior periods,
                        discounting that amount and deducting the fair value of any plan assets. The calculation of defined benefit obligations is performed
                        annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit credit method. Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability, which
                        comprise actuarial gains and losses and the return on plan assets (excluding interest), are recognised immediately in other
                        comprehensive income. Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined benefit retirement schemes are recognised
                        in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                                                                  A26
                                                                                      Goodman Group

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Results for the year (continued)

                        Profit before interest and income tax has been arrived at after crediting/(charging) the following items:

                                                                                                                                      2024          2023
                                                                                                                                          $M          $M
                        Management services                                                                                            179.9        189.2
                        Performance related income                                                                                      77.8          0.3
                        Management income                                                                                            257.7         189.5
                        Income from disposal of inventories                                                                            371.2       530.7
                        Income from fixed price development contracts                                                                  125.5        215.6
                        Other development income, including development management                                                      68.9        164.6
                        Net gain on disposal of special purpose development entities, including JVs                                      17.7        23.8
                        Development income                                                                                           583.3        934.7




For personal use only
                        Inventory cost of sales                                                                                       (176.6)     (296.0)
                        Other development expenses                                                                                      (91.0)     (158.4)
                        Development expenses                                                                                        (267.6)      (454.4)
                        Included in employee expenses are the following items:
                        Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                                           (150.6)       (151.4)
                        Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                                                         (0.6)        (0.9)
                        Employee expenses                                                                                            (151.2)     (152.3)
                        Depreciation of plant and equipment                                                                             (8.2)        (8.5)
                        Auditor's remuneration                                                                                         (2.0)          (1.9)




                                                                                                                                                              A27
                                                                                     Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Results for the year (continued)

                        2 Segment reporting

                        An operating segment is a component of the Consolidated Entity that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and
                        incur expenses. The Consolidated Entity reports the results and financial position of its operating segments based on the internal reports
                        regularly reviewed by the Group Chief Executive Officer in order to assess each segment’s performance and to allocate resources
                        to them.

                        Operating segment information is reported on a geographic basis and the Consolidated Entity has determined that its operating
                        segments are Asia (Greater China (including the Hong Kong SAR) and Japan), Continental Europe (with the majority of assets located
                        in Germany, France, Spain and the Netherlands) and the United Kingdom.

                        The activities and services undertaken by the operating segments include:

                        +   Property investment, both through direct ownership and cornerstone investments in Partnerships




For personal use only
                        +   Management activities, both investment and property management
                        +   Development activities, including development of directly owned assets (predominantly disclosed as inventories) and management
                            of development activities for the Consolidated Entity’s Partnerships.

                        The segment results that are reported to the Group Chief Executive Officer are based on profit before net finance expense and income
                        tax expense, and also exclude non-cash items such as fair value adjustments and impairments, corporate expenses and share based
                        remuneration. The assets allocated to each operating segment relate to the properties, which also include the investments in
                        Partnerships, and the trade and other receivables associated with the operating activities, but exclude receivables from GL, GIT and their
                        controlled entities, income tax receivables and corporate assets. The liabilities allocated to each operating segment primarily relate to
                        trade and other payables associated with the operating activities, but exclude payables to GL, GIT and their controlled entities, provision
                        for dividends to Shareholders, income tax payables and corporate liabilities.

                        The accounting policies used to report segment information are the same as those used to prepare the consolidated financial
                        statements for the Consolidated Entity.

                        For the purpose of operating segment reporting, there are no material intersegment revenues and costs.

                        Information regarding the operations of each reportable segment is included on the following pages.




                                                                                                                                                               A28
                                                                                         Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Results for the year (continued)

                        Information about reportable segments

                                                                             Asia              Continental Europe     United Kingdom              Total
                                                                          2024        2023        2024       2023      2024       2023         2024         2023
                        Statement of comprehensive income                   $M          $M          $M         $M         $M        $M           $M           $M
                        External revenues
                        Gross property income                               41.8        29.3        3.9       22.8       0.3         0.7        46.0          52.8
                        Management income                                  115.8       124.4      133.0       57.4       8.9         7.7       257.7         189.5
                        Development income                                69.6        100.2       507.4      740.7       6.3        93.8      583.3         934.7
                        Dividends from investments                           0.3         0.8          –          –         –           –         0.3           0.8
                        Total external revenues                          227.5       254.7       644.3      820.9       15.5      102.2       887.3       1,177.8
                        Analysis of external revenues:
                        Revenues from contracts with




For personal use only
                        customers
                        Assets and services transferred
                        at a point in time                                 28.6        28.0       387.2     534.4         0.1       33.8        415.9      596.2
                        Assets and services transferred over time         160.2       198.9       253.2     265.7        15.2       67.8       428.6       532.4
                        Other revenue
                        Rental income (excludes outgoings
                        recoveries)                                       38.4        27.0         3.9       20.8        0.2        0.6        42.5          48.4
                        Dividends from investments                         0.3         0.8           –          –          –          –         0.3           0.8
                        Total external revenues                          227.5       254.7       644.3      820.9       15.5      102.2       887.3       1,177.8
                        Reportable segment profit before
                        income tax                                      333.3        209.1       306.3      336.7       22.5       96.2       662.1       642.0
                        Other key components of financial
                        performance included in reportable
                        segment profit before income tax
                        Share of net results of equity accounted
                        investments in Partnerships (before fair
                        value adjustments)                                172.9        29.2         (4.1)      14.2     20.6        34.9       189.4         78.3
                        Material non-cash items not included
                        in reportable segment profit before
                        income tax
                        Share of fair value adjustments attributable
                        to investment properties in Partnerships         (349.2)      16.5      (13.1)      (24.1)       17.4     (152.5)     (344.9)      (160.1)
                                                                              Asia         Continental Europe         United Kingdom              Total
                                                                          2024       2023      2024        2023        2024        2023        2024        2023
                        Statement of financial position                     $M         $M        $M           $M          $M         $M          $M           $M
                        Reportable segment assets                      2,234.4    2,346.0   1,078.3     1,177.5       990.5      958.6      4,303.2     4,482.1
                        Included in reportable segment
                        assets are:
                        Equity accounted investments in
                        Partnerships                                      898.8      1,094.9       156.1     169.0     613.7       586.7     1,668.6      1,850.6
                        Non-current assets                             1,928.4     2,073.9       962.0      893.7     877.3       835.9     3,767.7     3,803.5
                        Additions to non-current assets
                        – Investment properties                             16.9       101.4          –          –         –           –         16.9       101.4
                        – Equity accounted investments in
                          Partnerships                                    198.1       176.9         17.3       15.5      13.1      138.0       228.5      330.4
                        Reportable segment liabilities                   227.7       201.2         71.4      147.7      33.7       49.8       332.8       398.7




                                                                                                                                                                  A29
                                                                                                            Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Results for the year (continued)

                        Reconciliation of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets and liabilities

                                                                                                                                                                    2024          2023
                                                                                                                                                      Note            $M            $M
                         Revenue
                         Total revenue for reportable segments                                                                                                     887.3          1,177.8
                         Consolidated revenues                                                                                                                    887.3         1,177.8
                         Profit or loss
                         Total profit before income tax for reportable segments                                                                                     662.1        642.0
                         Corporate expenses not allocated to reportable segments                                                                                   (107.4)        (41.6)
                                                                                                                                                                  554.7         600.4
                         Valuation and other adjustments not included in reportable segment profit before income tax:




For personal use only
                         – Net loss from fair value adjustments on investment properties                                                                5(e)         (23.4)         (0.4)
                         – Share of fair value adjustments attributable to investment properties in Partnerships                                      5(f)(ii)     (344.9)        (160.1)
                         – Share of fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments in Partnerships                                        5(f)(ii)          2.0        (10.0)
                         – Share based payments expense                                                                                                             (216.2)         (111.8)
                         – Straight-lining of rental income and tax deferred adjustments                                                                               (6.5)             –
                         Net finance income/(expense)                                                                                                      10          18.2        (91.0)
                         Consolidated loss before income tax                                                                                                          (16.1)     227.1
                         Assets
                         Total assets for reportable segments                                                                                                    4,303.2        4,482.1
                                                             1
                         Other unallocated amounts                                                                                                                  624.4         821.2
                         Consolidated total assets                                                                                                               4,927.6       5,303.3
                         Liabilities
                         Total liabilities for reportable segments                                                                                                 332.8         398.7
                                                             1
                         Other unallocated amounts                                                                                                                1,904.9       2,095.2
                         Consolidated total liabilities                                                                                                          2,237.7       2,493.9

                        1.   Other unallocated amounts comprise principally receivables from and payables to GL, GIT and their controlled entities.




                                                                                                                                                                                          A30
                                                                                         Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Results for the year (continued)

                        3 Taxation

                        Income tax for the period comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax and movements
                        in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to items recognised in other
                        comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income
                        or directly in equity respectively.

                        Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
                        reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being the differences between
                        the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from
                        unused tax losses and unused tax credits. Apart from differences which arise on initial recognition of assets and liabilities, all deferred tax
                        liabilities and all deferred tax assets, to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can




For personal use only
                        be utilised, are recognised.

                        The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount
                        of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
                        not discounted.

                        In the current and prior year, the Consolidated Entity has applied the temporary mandatory exception from deferred tax accounting for
                        any top-up tax arising from the legislation to adopt the Organisation of Economic Co-operation and Development’s (OECD) Pillar Two
                        minimum tax regime – refer section 3(e).

                        (a) Taxation in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income

                                                                                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                                                                                                  $M                $M
                        Current tax (expense)/credit – Hong Kong profits tax
                        Current period                                                                                                            (8.0)            (13.2)
                        Changes in estimates related to prior periods                                                                               2.1              2.3
                                                                                                                                                 (5.9)            (10.9)
                        Current tax (expense)/credit – overseas
                        Current period                                                                                                          (56.3)            (57.0)
                        Changes in estimates related to prior periods                                                                             2.3               (3.1)
                                                                                                                                               (54.0)             (60.1)
                        Deferred tax (expense)/credit
                        Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                         (3.4)            44.1
                        Other                                                                                                                      0.6               –
                                                                                                                                                 (2.8)            44.1
                        Total income tax expense                                                                                                (62.7)           (26.9)

                        The provision for Hong Kong profits tax for the year ended 30 June 2024 is calculated at 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) of the estimated
                        assessable profits for the year. Taxation for overseas subsidiaries is charged at the appropriate current rates of taxation ruling
                        in the relevant countries.




                                                                                                                                                                        A31
                                                                                        Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Results for the year (continued)

                        (b) Reconciliation between accounting profit and income tax expense at applicable tax rates

                                                                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                                                                             $M               $M
                        (Loss)/profit before income tax                                                                                     (16.1)          227.1
                        Notional tax on (loss)/profit before income tax, calculated at the rates applicable to profits in the
                        countries concerned                                                                                                  0.4            (70.5)
                        (Increase)/decrease in income tax due to:
                        – Current year losses for which no deferred tax asset was recognised                                                (17.0)           (13.7)
                        – Non-assessable income                                                                                              21.6            60.9
                        – Non-deductible expense                                                                                           (87.6)           (27.4)
                        – Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                                                  15.5            24.6




For personal use only
                        – Changes in estimates related to prior years                                                                         4.4            (0.8)
                        Income tax expense                                                                                                (62.7)           (26.9)

                        (c) Current tax receivables/payables

                                                                                                                                           2024             2023
                                                                                                                                              $M               $M
                        Net income tax payable at the beginning of the year                                                                 (51.8)           (31.9)
                        Decrease/(increase) in current net tax payable due to:
                        – Net income taxes paid                                                                                             92.7             68.8
                        – Net income tax expense on current year’s profit                                                                  (64.3)           (70.2)
                        – Changes in estimates related to prior years                                                                         4.4            (0.8)
                        – Other                                                                                                              (0.3)           (17.7)
                        Net income tax payable at the end of the year                                                                      (19.3)           (51.8)

                        Current tax receivables                                                                                              12.3             0.3
                        Current tax payables                                                                                                (31.6)           (52.1)
                                                                                                                                           (19.3)           (51.8)

                        (d) Deferred tax assets and liabilities

                        Deferred tax assets of $20.6 million (2023: $20.2 million) arising from performance rights awarded under the LTIP and deferred
                        tax liabilities of $5.7 million (2023: $9.5 million) arising from investment properties were recognised in the consolidated statement
                        of financial position.




                                                                                                                                                                  A32
                                                                                     Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Results for the year (continued)

                        Movements in deferred taxes recognised in expenses and equity are attributable to the following:

                                                                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                                                                           $M               $M
                        Deferred tax (expense)/credit recognised in expenses
                        Investment properties – fair value adjustments                                                                      8.6           50.9
                        LTIP                                                                                                                (6.1)           1.5
                        Other items                                                                                                        (5.3)           (8.3)
                        Total deferred tax (expense)/credit recognised in expenses                                                        (2.8)           44.1
                        Deferred tax credit/(expense) recognised in equity
                        LTIP                                                                                                                7.3             (1.1)
                        Total deferred tax credit/(expense) recognised in equity                                                           7.3             (1.1)
                        Total deferred tax movements recognised in expenses and equity                                                     4.5           43.0




For personal use only
                        Deferred tax assets of $189.6 million (2023: $205.2 million) arising primarily from tax losses have not been recognised by the
                        Consolidated Entity.

                        (e) Pillar Two minimum tax regime

                        On 21 December 2023, the Hong Kong government released a consultation paper for the implementation of the OECD’s Pillar Two
                        minimum tax regime, confirming that a global and domestic minimum tax rate of 15% will apply in Hong Kong with effect from 1 January
                        2025. The consultation period closed on 20 March 2024 and the government is expected to develop the legislative proposal in the
                        second half of 2024.

                        Whilst at 30 June 2024 the measure has not yet been enacted in Hong Kong, similar legislation has been enacted in Japan, parts
                        of Continental Europe and the United Kingdom, which are countries in which the Consolidated Entity has operations.

                        This new (enacted or intended) legislation has been incorporated in the assessment of income tax as at 30 June 2024, but there have
                        been no material impacts arising from this. The Consolidated Entity will continue to review the impacts of any proposed changes but
                        does not anticipate that this will have a material impact on the Consolidated Entity’s results.

                        4 Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                        The consolidated profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company includes a profit of $306.1 million (2023: $603.8 million)
                        which has been dealt with in the financial statements of the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                A33
                                                                                      Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        (continued)

                        OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                        5 Property assets

                        (a) Types of property assets

                        Investment in property assets includes both inventories and investment properties (including those under development), which may be
                        held either directly or through investments in Partnerships.

                        Inventories
                        Inventories relate to land and property developments that are held for sale or development and sale in the normal course of business.
                        Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net realisable value. The calculation of net realisable value requires estimates and
                        assumptions which are regularly evaluated and are based on historical experience and expectations of future events that are believed




For personal use only
                        to be reasonable under the circumstances.

                        Inventories are classified as non-current assets unless they are contracted to be sold within 12 months of the end of the reporting period,
                        in which case they are classified as current assets.

                        Investment properties
                        Investment properties comprise investment interests in land and buildings held for the purpose of leasing to produce rental income
                        and/or for capital appreciation. Investment properties are carried at fair value. The calculation of fair value requires estimates and
                        assumptions which are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and expectations of future events that are believed
                        to be reasonable under the circumstances. Investment properties are not depreciated as they are subject to continual maintenance
                        and regularly revalued on the basis described below. Changes in the fair value of investment properties are recognised directly in
                        profit or loss.

                        Components of investment properties
                        Land and buildings (including integral plant and equipment) comprising investment properties are regarded as composite assets and are
                        disclosed as such in the consolidated financial statements.

                        Investment property carrying values include the costs of acquiring the assets and subsequent costs of development, including costs
                        of all labour and materials used in construction, costs of managing the projects, holding costs and borrowing costs incurred during the
                        development periods.

                        Amounts provided to customers as lease incentives and assets relating to fixed rental income increases in operating lease contracts
                        are included within investment property values. Lease incentives are amortised over the term of the lease on a straight-line basis. Direct
                        expenditure associated with leasing a property is also capitalised within investment property values and amortised over the term of
                        the lease.

                        Classification of investment properties
                        Investment properties are classified as either properties under development or stabilised properties. Investment properties under
                        development include land, new investment properties in the course of construction and investment properties that are being
                        redeveloped. Stabilised investment properties are all investment properties not classified as being under development and
                        would be completed properties that are leased or are available for lease to customers.

                        For investment properties under development, the carrying values are reviewed by management at each reporting date to consider
                        whether they reflect their fair values and at completion external valuations are obtained to determine the fair values.

                        For stabilised investment properties, independent valuations are obtained at least every two years to determine the fair values. At each
                        reporting date between obtaining independent valuations, the carrying values are reviewed by management to ensure they reflect the
                        fair values.

                        Deposits for investment properties
                        Deposits and other costs associated with acquiring investment properties that are incurred prior to obtaining legal title are recorded
                        at cost and disclosed as other assets in the consolidated statement of financial position.




                                                                                                                                                                  A34
                                                                                      Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                        (b) Summary of the Consolidated Entity’s investment in property assets

                                                                                                                                             2024             2023
                                                                                                                             Note              $M               $M
                         Inventories
                         Current                                                                                              5(d)                –              121.6
                         Non-current                                                                                          5(d)           1,480.1          1,410.6
                                                                                                                                           1,480.1          1,532.2
                         Investment properties
                         Stabilised investment properties                                                                     5(e)           526.8             451.7
                                                                                                                                            526.8             451.7
                         Property held by Partnerships




For personal use only
                         Investments accounted for using the equity method                                                     5(f)          1,668.6         1,850.6
                                                                                                                                           1,668.6         1,850.6

                        (c) Estimates and assumptions in determining property carrying values

                        Inventories
                        For both inventories held directly and inventories held in Partnerships, external valuations are not performed but instead valuations are
                        determined using the feasibility studies supporting the land and property developments. The end values of the developments in the
                        feasibility studies are based on assumptions such as capitalisation rates, letting up periods, rental income and incentives that are
                        consistent with those observed in the relevant market. If the feasibility study calculations indicate that the forecast cost of a completed
                        development will exceed the net realisable value, then the inventories are impaired.

                        Investment properties
                        Stabilised investment properties
                        The fair value of stabilised investment properties is based on current prices in an active market for similar properties in the same location
                        and condition and subject to similar lease and other contracts. The current price is the estimated amount for which a property could be
                        exchanged between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm’s length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each
                        acted knowledgably, prudently and without compulsion.

                        Approach to determination of fair value
                        The approach to determination of fair value of investment properties is applied to both investment properties held directly and
                        investment properties held in Partnerships.

                        Valuations are determined based on assessments and estimates of uncertain future events, including upturns and downturns in property
                        markets and availability of similar properties, vacancy rates, market rents and capitalisation and discount rates. Recent and relevant
                        sales evidence and other market data are taken into account. Valuations are either based on an external, independent valuation or
                        on an internal valuation.

                        External valuations are undertaken only where market segments were observed to be active. In making the determination of whether a
                        market segment is active, the following characteristics are considered:

                        +   Function of the asset (distribution/warehouse or suburban office)
                        +   Location of the asset (city, suburb or regional area)
                        +   Carrying value of the asset (categorised by likely appeal to private (including syndicates), national and/or institutional investors)
                        +   Categorisation as primary or secondary based on a combination of location, weighted average lease expiry, quality of tenant
                            covenant (internal assessment based on available market evidence) and age of construction.




                                                                                                                                                                    A35
                                                                                       Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                        Each property asset is assessed and grouped with assets in the same or similar market segments. Information on all relevant recent sales
                        is also analysed using the same criteria to provide a comparative set. The number of sales and the circumstances of each sale are
                        assessed to determine whether a market segment is active or inactive.

                        Where a market segment is observed to be active, then external independent valuations are instructed for stabilised investment
                        properties where there has been a combination of factors that are likely to have resulted in a material movement in valuation. The
                        considerations include a greater than 10% movement in market rents, more than a 25 basis point movement in capitalisation rates, a
                        material change in tenancy profile (including changes in the creditworthiness of a significant customer that may have a material impact
                        on the property valuation), significant capital expenditure, a change in use (or zoning), a development has reached completion/
                        stabilisation of the asset or it has been two years since the previous external independent valuation. For all other stabilised investment
                        properties in an active market segment, an internal valuation is performed based on observable capitalisation rates and referenced to
                        independent market data.
                        Where a market segment is observed to be inactive, then no external independent valuations are performed and internal valuations are




For personal use only
                        undertaken based on discounted cash flow (DCF) calculations. The DCF calculations are prepared over a 10-year period. The key inputs
                        considered for each individual calculation are:

                        +   Current contractual lease terms
                        +   Current market rents
                        +   Projected growth in market rents
                        +   Expected and likely capital expenditures
                        +   Projected letting up incentives provided to customers and vacant time on expiry of leases
                        +   Discount rates – computed using the 10-year bond rate or equivalent in each jurisdiction plus increments to reflect country risk,
                            tenant credit risk and industry risk. Where possible, the components of the discount rate are benchmarked to available market data.

                        Market assessment
                        With the more volatile economic conditions in FY24 compared to prior years, there have been fewer transactions of industrial, logistics
                        and warehousing properties during the year. Nevertheless, at 30 June 2024, the Board has been able to assess that all markets in which
                        the Consolidated Entity operates are active and as a consequence, no adjustments have been made to the carrying values of the
                        Consolidated Entity’s stabilised investment property portfolios on the basis of internally prepared discounted cash flow valuations.

                        The overall weighted average capitalisation rates for the divisional portfolios (including Partnerships) are set out in the table below:

                                                                                                                                     Total portfolio weighted
                                                                                                                                    average capitalisation rate
                                                                                                                                           2024           2023
                        Segment                                                                                                                %              %
                        Asia                                                                                                                   6.1           5.2
                        Continental Europe                                                                                                    5.4            4.4
                        United Kingdom                                                                                                        5.3            4.9

                        Sensitivity analysis
                        The fair value measurement approach for directly held investment properties has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value based on the
                        inputs to the valuation method used. The usual valuation methods are either based on income capitalisation or market comparison.
                        Where the income capitalisation method is adopted then the stabilised investment property valuations at 30 June 2024 are most
                        sensitive to the following inputs:

                        +   Capitalisation rates
                        +   Market rents
                        +   Incentives provided to customers and/or re-leasing time on expiry of leases.




                                                                                                                                                                   A36
                                                                                             Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                        The directly held stabilised investment properties are in Asia. The average net market rents, average capitalisation rate and range
                        of prices is summarised in the table below:

                         Valuation technique               Significant unobservable inputs                                              2024            2023
                         Income capitalisation             Average net market rent (per square metre per annum)                         $308             $302
                                                           Average capitalisation rate                                                   4.6%            4.2%
                         Market comparison                 Price per square metre                                                         n/a $9,885 - $21,218

                        The impacts on the Consolidated Entity’s financial position that would arise from the changes in capitalisation rates, market rents and
                        incentives/re-leasing time are set out in the table below. This illustrates the impacts on the Consolidated Entity in respect of both the
                        directly held stabilised investment properties and its share of those stabilised investment properties held by Partnerships.

                                                                                                                                   Directly held




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                     properties Partnerships 1
                                                                                                                                             $M          $M
                         Book value at 30 June 2024                                                                                       526.8      1,908.4
                         Changes in capitalisation rates
                          Increase in capitalisation rates +50 basis points (bps)                                                           (54.1)         (155.9)
                          Increase in capitalisation rates +25 bps                                                                         (28.6)            (81.4)
                          Decrease in capitalisation rates -25 bps                                                                           32.1            89.3
                          Decrease in capitalisation rates -50 bps                                                                          68.6            187.8
                         Changes in market rents
                          Decrease in rents -5%                                                                                            (25.4)           (72.2)
                          Decrease in rents -2.5%                                                                                           (12.7)           (36.1)
                          Increase in rents +2.5%                                                                                            12.7             36.1
                          Increase in rents +5%                                                                                             25.4             72.2
                         Changes in incentives/re-leasing time 2
                          Increase in incentives/re-leasing times +3 months                                                                 (4.0)             (7.3)
                          Increase in incentives/re-leasing times +6 months                                                                 (7.9)            (14.6)

                        1.   Reflects the Consolidated Entity’s share in Partnerships.
                        2.   On assumed lease expiries over the next 12 months.


                        Investment properties under development
                        For the directly held investment properties under development, external independent valuations are generally not performed, but instead
                        valuations are determined at each reporting date using the feasibility assessments supporting the developments. The end values of the
                        developments in the feasibility studies are based on assumptions such as capitalisation rates, market rents, incentives provided to
                        customers and vacant time that are consistent with those observed in the relevant market, adjusted for a profit and risk factor. The profit
                        and risk factors are dependent on the function, location, size and current status of the developments and are generally in a market range
                        of 10% to 15%; although for larger more complex projects that are at an early stage of the development, the profit and risk factor could be
                        higher. This adjusted end value is then compared to the forecast cost of a completed development to determine whether there is an
                        increase or decrease in value.

                        In respect of the Partnerships, certain Partnerships obtain external independent valuations of investment properties under development
                        at reporting dates. However, the majority determine the fair values at reporting dates by reference to the feasibility assessments, with
                        external independent valuations obtained when the properties have been stabilised.




                                                                                                                                                                    A37
                                                                                      Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                        (d) Inventories

                                                                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                                                                                            $M              $M
                        Current
                        Freehold land and development properties                                                                               –             29.3
                        Leasehold land and development properties                                                                              –             92.3
                                                                                                                                               –            121.6
                        Non-current
                        Freehold land and development properties                                                                          1,076.3          969.6
                        Leasehold land and development properties                                                                           403.8           441.0
                                                                                                                                         1,480.1         1,410.6




For personal use only
                        During the current and prior financial year, no impairment losses were recognised on land and development properties.

                        As at 30 June 2024, the ownership interests in leasehold land and development properties, that are carried at the lower of cost or net
                        realisable value, are held in China and Continental Europe, with remaining lease terms of between 39 and 47 years.

                        (e) Investment properties

                        Reconciliation of carrying amount of directly held investment properties

                                                                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                                                                                            $M              $M
                        Leasehold investment properties
                        Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                                     451.7            336.8
                        Acquisitions                                                                                                      16.9            100.2
                        Transfers in from inventories                                                                                     81.9                  –
                        Capital expenditure                                                                                                  –                1.2
                        Net loss from fair value adjustments                                                                             (23.4)             (0.4)
                        Effect of foreign currency translation                                                                            (0.3)             13.9
                        Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                          526.8             451.7
                        Analysed by segment:
                        Asia                                                                                                             526.8             451.7
                                                                                                                                        526.8             451.7

                        As at 30 June 2024, the ownership interests in leasehold investment properties, carried at fair value, are held in Greater China with
                        remaining lease terms of between 23 years and 42 years.

                        Non-cancellable operating lease commitments receivable from investment property customers
                        The analysis in the table below reflects the gross property income, excluding recoverable outgoings, based on existing lease agreements.
                        It assumes that leases will not extend beyond the next review date, where the customer has an option to end the lease.

                                                                                                                                          2024            2023
                                                                                                                                            $M              $M
                        Non-cancellable operating lease commitments receivable:
                        Less than one year                                                                                                 17.7             14.5
                        One to two years                                                                                                   12.7             12.2
                        Two to three years                                                                                                  4.9              9.9
                        Three to four years                                                                                                 0.3              4.3
                        Four to five years                                                                                                    –              0.2
                                                                                                                                          35.6              41.1


                                                                                                                                                                   A38
                                                                                        Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                        (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method

                        Investments accounted for using the equity method comprise associates and JVs, which are collectively referred to as Partnerships.

                        Associates
                        An associate is an entity in which the Consolidated Entity exercises significant influence but not control over its financial and operating
                        policies.

                        JVs
                        A JV is an arrangement in which the Consolidated Entity is considered to have joint control for accounting purposes, whereby the
                        Consolidated Entity has rights to the net assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.

                        In the consolidated financial statements, investments in Partnerships are accounted for using the equity method. Under this method, the
                        Consolidated Entity’s investment is initially recognised at cost. Subsequent to initial recognition, the consolidated financial statements




For personal use only
                        include the Consolidated Entity’s share of the gains or losses and other comprehensive income of Partnerships until the date on which
                        significant influence or joint control ceases.

                        Transactions eliminated on consolidation
                        Unrealised gains arising from asset disposals with JVs, including those relating to contributions of non-monetary assets on establishment,
                        are eliminated to the extent of the Consolidated Entity’s interest. Unrealised gains relating to JVs are eliminated against the carrying
                        amount of the investment. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains unless they evidence an impairment
                        of an asset.

                        Impairment

                        Non-financial assets
                        The carrying amounts of the Consolidated Entity’s assets are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any
                        indication of impairment. If such indication exists, the asset is written down to the recoverable amount. The impairment is recognised
                        in profit or loss in the reporting period in which it occurs.

                        An impairment loss is recognised whenever the carrying amount of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount.
                        Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss, unless an asset has previously been revalued, in which case the impairment loss is
                        recognised as a reversal to the extent of that previous revaluation, with any excess recognised through profit or loss.

                        (i) Investments in associates

                        The Consolidated Entity owns a 39.9% interest in certain development entities in Continental Europe with a carrying value of $0.1 million.

                        The consolidated share of the results recognised during the year was a loss of $0.2 million.




                                                                                                                                                                     A39
                                                                                                          Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                        (ii) Investments in JVs

                        The Consolidated Entity’s principal Partnerships are set out below:

                                                                                                                            Consolidated              Consolidated      Consolidated
                                                                                                                              share of net              ownership investment carrying
                                                                                                                       results recognised                 interest           amount
                                                                                            Country of                   2024       2023             2024    2023    2024      2023
                         Name                                                               establishment                  $M          $M               %        %      $M        $M
                         Property investment and development
                         Goodman China Logistics Partnership (GCLP)                         Cayman Islands               (335.2)            26.8     20.0    20.0      605.0         923.3
                                                                     1
                         Goodman UK Partnerships (GUKP)               United Kingdom                                       39.6           (125.4)    35.2    35.0      604.4         573.7
                         Goodman Japan Development Partnership (GJDP) Cayman Islands                                      158.2              8.8     50.0    50.0       218.4        170.6




For personal use only
                         Other JVs                                                                                         (15.9)            (1.6)                     240.7         182.8
                                                                                                                        (153.3)            (91.4)                   1,668.5       1,850.4

                        1.   The consolidated ownership interest in GUKP reflected the weighted average ownership in GUKP, GUKP II and GUKP III.


                        The Consolidated Entity’s property investment Partnerships have a long-term remit to hold investment properties to earn rental income
                        and for capital appreciation, although they will undertake developments when an appropriate opportunity arises.

                        The reconciliation of the carrying amount of investments in JVs is set out as follows:

                                                                                                                                                                        2024          2023
                         Movements in carrying amount of investments in JVs                                                                                                $M              $M
                         Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                                                                1,850.4        1,845.6
                         Share of net results after tax (before fair value adjustments)                                                                                 189.6            78.7
                         Share of fair value adjustments attributable to investment properties, after tax                                                             (344.9)          (160.1)
                         Share of fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                                                                               2.0          (10.0)
                         Share of net results                                                                                                                          (153.3)          (91.4)
                         Share of movements in reserves                                                                                                                   (5.3)           (0.1)
                         Acquisitions                                                                                                                                  228.4          329.8
                         Disposals                                                                                                                                       (2.0)            (0.1)
                         Capital return                                                                                                                                (107.9)         (141.7)
                         Dividends/distributions received and receivable                                                                                               (108.8)         (102.1)
                         Effect of foreign currency translation                                                                                                         (33.0)           10.4
                         Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                                                     1,668.5       1,850.4




                                                                                                                                                                                             A40
                                                                                                            Goodman Group

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                        Summary financial information of JVs
                        The following table summarises the financial information of the material Partnerships as included in their own financial statements.
                        The table also reconciles the summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the Consolidated Entity’s interest in the JVs.

                                                                                                                           GJDP                            GCLP                              GUKP
                                                                                                                        2024    2023                     2024   2023                       2024   2023
                                                                                                                          $M      $M                       $M     $M                         $M     $M
                         Summarised statement of financial position
                         Current assets
                         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    337.6             94.0           409.8           398.2              54.7             44.2
                         Other current assets                                                                           11.5             38.1           180.8           198.2             13.6              15.8
                         Total current assets                                                                         349.1            132.1          590.6           596.4              68.3             60.0
                         Total non-current assets                                                                     302.1           653.6          4,531.3        6,660.0           2,287.8           2,216.0




For personal use only
                         Current liabilities
                         Financial liabilities (excluding trade payables and other provisions)                              –               –            81.5            77.2                  –                   –
                         Other current liabilities                                                                       73.9            10.5        3,092.3          2,989.8               59.6                 55.1
                         Total current liabilities                                                                      73.9            10.5         3,173.8         3,067.0               59.6                 55.1
                         Non-current liabilities
                         Financial liabilities (excluding trade payables and other provisions)                        140.3           432.4            1,363.1         1,354.2             581.5           583.1
                         Other non-current liabilities                                                                    –               1.6             195.1          733.4                 –               –
                         Total non-current liabilities                                                               140.3           434.0           1,558.2         2,087.6              581.5           583.1
                         Net assets (100%)                                                                           437.0            341.2            389.9          2,101.8           1,715.0         1,637.8
                         Consolidated ownership interest (%)                                                           50.0            50.0              20.0             20.0             35.2             35.0
                         Consolidated share of net assets                                                             218.4            170.6             78.0            420.4            603.9            573.2
                         Shareholder loans1                                                                                –               –           523.7             499.6               –                –
                         Other items, including acquisition costs                                                          –               –             3.3               3.3             0.5              0.5
                         Carrying amount of interest in JV                                                             218.4           170.6          605.0             923.3            604.4            573.7
                         Summarised statement of comprehensive income
                         Revenue                                                                                     1,200.9             88.4           236.7             210.0             80.3            93.2
                         Net finance (expense)/income                                                                    (0.2)               –            (47.9)          (32.7)              1.3            (11.3)
                         Income tax expense                                                                              (0.9)           (0.8)            (45.9)           (44.1)            (0.2)          (0.2)
                         Profit/(loss) and total comprehensive income (100%)                                            316.3             17.6         (1,703.1)           134.1             56.1         (337.0)
                         Consolidated share of profit/(loss) and total
                         comprehensive income                                                                          158.2              8.8         (335.2)             26.8             39.6           (125.4)
                         Dividends/distributions received and receivable by the
                         Consolidated Entity                                                                            74.6              6.2              8.4              8.5             17.7                   –

                        1.   Shareholder loans have been provided by investors of GCLP in proportion to their ownership interest. The shareholder loans are interest-free, unsecured and have no fixed terms
                             of repayment. The shareholder loans are not expected to be repaid within 12 months from the end of the reporting period and the Directors consider the loans to form part of the
                             Consolidated Entity’s investment in GCLP.


                        With respect to the Consolidated Entity’s other JVs, the total loss after tax and revaluations was $69.9 million (2023: $59.9 million
                        profit) and total other comprehensive income was $nil (2023: $nil).




                                                                                                                                                                                                                        A41
                                                                                       Goodman Group

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                        6 Receivables

                        Non-derivative financial assets
                        The Consolidated Entity initially recognises loans and receivables and deposits on the date that they are originated. All other financial
                        assets are recognised initially on the trade date at which the Consolidated Entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the
                        instrument.

                        The Consolidated Entity derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or it transfers
                        the right to receive the contractual cash flows on the financial asset in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and rewards of
                        ownership of the financial asset are transferred. Any interest in transferred financial assets that is created or retained by the
                        Consolidated Entity is recognised as a separate asset or liability.

                        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the consolidated statement of financial position when, and only
                        when, the Consolidated Entity has a legal right to offset the amounts and intends to either settle on a net basis or to realise the asset and




For personal use only
                        settle the liability simultaneously.

                        Loans and receivables
                        Loans and receivables are financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market. Loans and
                        receivables comprise trade and other receivables, amounts due from related parties and loans to related parties. Such assets are
                        recognised initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, loans and receivables
                        are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less allowance for impairment of doubtful debts, except where
                        the receivables are interest-free loans made to related parties without any fixed repayment terms or the effect of discounting would be
                        immaterial. In such cases, the receivables are stated at cost less allowance for impairment of doubtful debts.

                        Amounts recoverable on development contracts
                        Amounts recoverable on development contracts arise when the Consolidated Entity contracts to sell a completed development asset
                        either prior to or during the development phase. The receivables are stated at cost plus profit recognised to date less an allowance for
                        foreseeable losses and less amounts already billed.

                        Impairment

                        Financial assets and contract assets
                        The Consolidated Entity recognises an impairment loss allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) on financial assets measured at
                        amortised cost and contract assets. Financial assets measured at amortised cost include cash and cash equivalents, trade and other
                        receivables, amounts due from related parties and loans to related parties.

                        Other financial assets measured at fair value are not subject to the ECL assessment.




                                                                                                                                                                    A42
                                                                                        Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                        Measurement of ECLs
                        ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all expected cash
                        shortfalls. In measuring ECLs, the Consolidated Entity takes into account information about past events, current conditions and forecasts
                        of future economic conditions.

                        Impairment loss allowances for trade and other receivables, amounts due from related parties and contract assets are measured at an
                        amount equal to a lifetime ECL. Lifetime ECLs are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the expected
                        lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

                        The Consolidated Entity recognises an impairment loss allowance equal to the expected losses within 12 months after the reporting date
                        on loans to related parties, unless there has been a significant increase in credit risk of the loans since initial recognition, in which case the
                        loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

                                                                                                                                               2024              2023




For personal use only
                                                                                                                               Note              $M                $M
                        Current
                        Trade receivables                                                                                                        7.4              19.6
                        Other receivables                                                                                                       49.6             56.6
                        Amounts due from related parties                                                                                        42.5             46.3
                        Loans to related parties                                                                               20(c)            107.1             51.3
                                                                                                                                              206.6             173.8
                        Non-current
                        Loans to related parties                                                                               20(c)           293.2             612.0
                                                                                                                                              293.2             612.0

                        The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the fair value of each class of receivable mentioned above. All non-current
                        receivables of the Consolidated Entity are due within five years from the reporting date. There is no material difference between the
                        carrying values and the fair values of receivables.

                        Trade receivables
                        No trade receivables were impaired at 30 June 2024 and 2023. There are no significant overdue trade receivables at 30 June 2024.

                        Other receivables
                        At 30 June 2024, none of the other receivables were overdue or impaired (2023: $nil).

                        Amounts due from related parties
                        At 30 June 2024, none of the amounts due from related parties was overdue or impaired (2023: $nil). Amounts due from related parties
                        are typically repayable within 30 days. The amounts due from related parties are unsecured.

                        Loans to related parties
                        Loans to related parties principally relate to loans to fellow subsidiaries of GL and GIT and loans to JVs. Refer to note 20(c) for details of
                        loans to related parties. During the year, no impairment losses were recognised on loans to related parties (2023: $nil). The loans to
                        related parties are unsecured.




                                                                                                                                                                         A43
                                                                                       Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                        7 Contract assets and liabilities

                        Contract assets primarily comprise amounts recoverable from fixed price development contracts (disclosed net of any payments
                        received on account) and accrued performance fee income where the Consolidated Entity assesses that the income can be reliably
                        measured.

                        Contract liabilities primarily comprise deposits and other amounts received in advance for development contracts and rental
                        guarantees.

                        The following table provides an analysis of receivables from contracts with customers (excluding rental income receivables), contract
                        assets and contract liabilities at the reporting dates:

                                                                                                                                              2024         2023




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                $M           $M
                        Current
                        Receivables from contracts with customers, which are included in trade
                        receivables, other receivables and amounts due from related parties                                                   56.0          65.7
                        Contract assets                                                                                                        12.9         70.7
                        Contract liabilities                                                                                                     8.1         9.8

                        Significant changes in the contract assets and the contract liabilities balances during the year are set out below:

                                                                                                             2024                             2023
                                                                                                       Contract   Contract              Contract        Contract
                                                                                                         assets   liabilities             assets        liabilities
                                                                                                            $M            $M                 $M                 $M
                         Balance at the beginning of the year                                             70.7           9.8               60.5                4.6
                         Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liability balance at
                         the beginning of the year                                                              –           (10.0)                –             –
                         Increases due to cash received, excluding amounts recognised as
                         revenue during the year                                                               –              8.9                  –          5.2
                         Transfers from contract assets to receivables                                      (55.1)              –             (371.6)           –
                         (Decrease)/increase due to changes in the measure of progress during
                         the year                                                                             (3.1)             –             379.8            –
                         Effect of foreign currency translation                                               0.4            (0.6)              2.0            –
                         Balance at the end of the year                                                     12.9              8.1             70.7           9.8
                         Current contract assets and liabilities                                             12.9              8.1             70.7          9.8
                                                                                                            12.9              8.1             70.7           9.8

                        Transaction price allocated to the remaining contract obligations
                        The amount of the transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations under the Consolidated Entity’s existing
                        contracts is $nil (2023: $nil).

                        The Consolidated Entity’s future rental income from existing lease agreements is included in note 5.

                        In addition, the Consolidated Entity receives investment management, development management and property services fees under
                        various contracts that it has with its Partnerships. These contracts are for varying lengths of time and are typically transacted on terms
                        that are consistent with market practice. The revenues under these contracts are linked to the AUM, total development project costs or
                        gross property income of the Partnerships and are invoiced as the services are provided.




                                                                                                                                                                 A44
                                                                                         Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                        8 Payables

                        Non-derivative financial liabilities
                        The Consolidated Entity initially recognises debt securities issued and subordinated liabilities on the date that they are originated. All
                        other financial liabilities are recognised initially on the trade date at which the Consolidated Entity becomes a party to the contractual
                        provisions of the instrument.

                        The Consolidated Entity derecognises a financial liability when the contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled or expire.

                        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the consolidated statement of financial position when, and only
                        when, the Consolidated Entity has a legal right to offset the amounts and intends to either settle on a net basis or to realise the asset and
                        settle the liability simultaneously.

                        Such financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial




For personal use only
                        recognition, these financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.

                        Other financial liabilities comprise trade payables, other payables and accruals, contract liabilities and lease liabilities.

                                                                                                                                                 2024                2023
                                                                                                                                Note               $M                  $M
                        Current
                        Trade payables                                                                                                           44.4                 47.5
                        Other payables and accruals                                                                                             220.8               220.2
                        Contract liabilities                                                                                         7             8.1                 9.8
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                            9            4.4                  7.7
                                                                                                                                                277.7               285.2
                        Non-current
                        Other payables and accruals                                                                                                131.8              62.9
                        Lease liabilities                                                                                            9              6.9              30.4
                                                                                                                                                 138.7               93.3




                                                                                                                                                                         A45
                                                                                       Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Operating assets and liabilities (continued)

                        9 Leases

                        The Consolidated Entity leases office buildings, motor vehicles and office equipment. Certain investment properties and developments
                        classified as inventories are also built on land held under leasehold interests.

                        The Consolidated Entity recognises a right of use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right of use asset is
                        initially measured at cost plus any direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is
                        located, less any lease incentives received.

                        The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date,
                        discounted using the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate. After initial recognition, the lease liability is measured at amortised cost and
                        interest expense is calculated using the effective interest rate method. The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future
                        lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, or there is a change arising from the reassessment of whether the Consolidated
                        Entity will be reasonably certain to exercise an extension or termination option.




For personal use only
                        The right of use assets in respect of office buildings, motor vehicles and office equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method
                        over the period of the lease. Right of use assets that meet the definition of investment property are carried at fair value in accordance
                        with note 5(a). Ground leases of development land that are classified as inventories are not depreciated but are assessed at each
                        reporting date for impairments to ensure they are recorded at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

                        Information about leases for which the Consolidated Entity is a lessee is detailed below:

                                                                                                                                             2024             2023
                                                                                                                                               $M               $M
                        Right of use assets
                        Inventories                                                                                                          403.8             533.3
                        Investment properties                                                                                                526.8              451.7
                        Property, plant and equipment                                                                                          11.0              15.5
                                                                                                                                             941.6          1,000.5

                        During the year, the additions to the Consolidated Entity’s right of use assets were $86.1 million (2023: $229.5 million) and the
                        depreciation expense was $6.3 million (2023: $6.9 million).

                                                                                                                                             2024             2023
                                                                                                                                               $M               $M
                        Lease liabilities
                        Current                                                                                                                  4.4             7.7
                        Non-current                                                                                                              6.9            30.4
                                                                                                                                                11.3            38.1

                        During the year, the interest expense associated with the Consolidated Entity’s lease liabilities was $0.2 million (2023: $0.4 million) and
                        the cash repayments under the Consolidated Entity’s leases were $6.6 million (2023: $7.6 million).




                                                                                                                                                                    A46
                                                                                         Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        (continued)

                        CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

                        10 Net finance income/(expense)

                        Finance income
                        Interest is recognised on an accruals basis using the effective interest rate method, and, if not received at the reporting date, is reflected
                        in the consolidated statement of financial position as a receivable.

                        Finance expense
                        Expenditure incurred in obtaining debt finance is offset against the principal amount of the interest bearing liability to which it relates and
                        is recognised as a finance cost on an effective interest rate basis over the life of the facility or until the facility is significantly modified.
                        Where a facility is significantly modified, any unamortised expenditure in relation to that facility and incremental expenditure incurred
                        in modifying the facility are recognised as a finance cost in the financial year in which the significant modification occurs.




For personal use only
                        Finance costs relating to a qualifying asset are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset using a weighted average cost of debt.
                        Qualifying assets are assets which take a substantial time to get ready for their intended use or sale. All other finance costs are expensed
                        using the effective interest rate method.

                                                                                                                                                2024             2023
                                                                                                                               Note               $M               $M
                        Finance income
                        Interest income on loans to:
                        – Related parties                                                                                         20             34.3             23.1
                        – Other parties                                                                                                           6.0               4.3
                        Interest income from derivatives                                                                                        50.2               10.7
                        Fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                                                                  1.1               –
                        Foreign exchange gains                                                                                                    2.3                 –
                                                                                                                                                93.9              38.1
                        Finance expense
                        Interest expense from related party loans                                                                 20             (73.0)            (47.5)
                        Other borrowing costs                                                                                                     (12.9)             (2.5)
                        Fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments                                                                    –           (69.5)
                        Foreign exchange losses                                                                                                       –             (18.8)
                        Capitalised borrowing costs                                                                                                10.2               9.2
                                                                                                                                                (75.7)           (129.1)
                        Net finance income/(expense)                                                                                              18.2            (91.0)

                        Borrowing costs were capitalised to inventories and investment properties under development during the financial year at rates between
                        2.7% and 4.2% per annum (2023: 1.9% and 8.9% per annum).




                                                                                                                                                                          A47
                                                                                          Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Capital management (continued)

                        11 Interest bearing liabilities

                        Interest bearing liabilities comprise bank loans. Interest bearing liabilities are recognised initially at fair value plus any directly attributable
                        transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest bearing liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest
                        rate method.

                                                                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                                                                 Note               $M                $M
                         Current
                         Bank loans, secured                                                                                       11(b)              1.7              –
                                                                                                                                                     1.7               –
                         Non-current




For personal use only
                         Bank loans, secured                                                                                       11(b)           63.9             47.9
                         Borrowing costs                                                                                                           (0.8)             (1.2)
                                                                                                                                                   63.1             46.7

                        (a) Finance facilities

                                                                                                                                             Facilities        Facilities
                                                                                                                                             available          utilised
                                                                                                                                                    $M                $M
                        30 June 2024
                        Bank loans, secured                                                                                                      197.3             65.6
                        Bank loans, unsecured                                                                                                    40.2                  –
                        Bank guarantees                                                                                                              –              21.2
                                                                                                                                                237.5              86.8
                        30 June 2023
                        Bank loans, secured                                                                                                      220.4              47.9
                                                                                                                                                220.4              47.9

                        (b) Bank loans, secured
                        As at 30 June 2024, the Consolidated Entity had the following secured bank facilities.

                                                                                                                             Facility           Facility       Amounts
                                                                                                                            maturity               limit         drawn
                                                                                                                                 date                $M              $M
                                                                                                                     9 January 2028                79.7                –
                                                                                                                     5 January 2033                51.4            23.9
                                                                                                                      18 March 2034                 17.4            17.4
                                                                                                                       20 April 2038              48.8             24.3
                         Total facilities at 30 June 2024                                                                                        197.3            65.6
                         Total facilities at 30 June 2023                                                                                        220.4             47.9

                        (c) Bank loans, unsecured
                        As at 30 June 2024, the Consolidated Entity had the following unsecured bank facilities.

                                                                                                                           Facility            Facility        Amounts
                                                                                                                          maturity                limit          drawn
                                                                                                                              date                  $M              $M
                                                                                                                  7 December 2025                40.2                –
                        Total facilities at 30 June 2024                                                                                        40.2                 –
                        Total facilities at 30 June 2023                                                                                         40.9                –

                                                                                                                                                                         A48
                                                                                                              Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Capital management (continued)

                        12 Other financial assets and liabilities

                        Other financial assets and liabilities are recognised initially on the trade date at which the Consolidated Entity become a party to the
                        contractual provisions of the instrument.

                        Derivative financial instruments and hedging
                        The Consolidated Entity uses derivative financial instruments to hedge its economic exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks
                        arising from operating, investing and financing activities. In accordance with Goodman Group’s treasury policy, the Consolidated Entity
                        does not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes.

                        The Consolidated Entity’s derivative financial instruments are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes, and accordingly
                        movements in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognised in profit or loss.

                        Investments in unlisted securities




For personal use only
                        Subsequent to initial recognition, investments in unlisted securities are measured at fair value and changes therein are recognised as
                        other comprehensive income and presented in the asset revaluation reserve in equity. Dividends are recognised as income in profit or
                        loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Other net gains and losses are recognised in
                        other comprehensive income and are never reclassified to profit or loss. When such an asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss
                        in equity is transferred to retained earnings.

                        Other financial assets

                                                                                                                                                                                        2024                       2023
                                                                                                                                                                                          $M                         $M
                         Current
                         Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                                    11.5                    11.3
                                                                                                                                                                                            11.5                    11.3
                         Non-current
                         Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                                 126.4                    106.6
                                                                                      1
                         Investments in unlisted securities, at fair value                                                                                                                 57.2                     54.5
                                                                                                                                                                                         183.6                      161.1

                        1.   Principally relates to the Consolidated Entity’s 10.0% (2023: 10.0%) interest in Goodman Japan Limited. During the year, a revaluation gain of $9.7 million was recognised in other
                             comprehensive income (2023: $10.7 million gain). Refer to note 13(d) for assumptions made in measuring fair value of the unlisted securities.


                        Other financial liabilities

                                                                                                                                                                                        2024                       2023
                                                                                                                                                                                          $M                         $M
                         Current
                         Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                                 26.7                     79.9
                                                                                                                                                                                          26.7                     79.9
                         Non-current
                         Derivative financial instruments                                                                                                                                 136.9                     98.1
                                                                                                                                                                                         136.9                      98.1




                                                                                                                                                                                                                        A49
                                                                                       Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Capital management (continued)

                        13 Financial risk management

                        The Goodman Group Board has overall responsibility for approving Goodman Group’s risk management framework. The Goodman
                        Group Board has established the Goodman Group Audit, Risk and Compliance committee, which is responsible for reviewing, approving
                        and subsequently monitoring Goodman Group’s risk management policies, including the FRM policy. The FRM policy is established to
                        identify and analyse the financial risks faced by Goodman Group, to set appropriate risk limits and controls for managing the financial
                        affairs of Goodman Group.

                        Goodman Group’s treasury function is responsible for the day to day compliance with Goodman Group’s FRM policy and prepares
                        reports for consideration by management committees and the Goodman Group Board including:

                        +   Cash flow projections over a period of at least 12 months to assess the level of cash and undrawn facilities, and headline gearing
                            at each month end
                        +   Debt maturity profile, to allow Goodman Group to plan well in advance of maturing facilities




For personal use only
                        +   Interest rate hedge profile over the next 10 years, to allow Goodman Group to manage the proportion of fixed and floating rate debt
                            in accordance with its FRM policy
                        +   Capital hedge position (by currency) and profile of expiring currency derivatives, to allow Goodman Group to manage its net
                            investment hedging in accordance with its FRM policy.

                        Any significant investments or material changes to the finance facilities or FRM policy require approval by both the Goodman Group
                        Board and the Board of the Consolidated Entity.

                        The Consolidated Entity’s key financial risks are market risk (including foreign exchange and interest rate risk), liquidity risk and
                        credit risk.

                        (a) Market risk

                        Foreign exchange risk
                        The Consolidated Entity is exposed to transactional foreign currency risk and net investment foreign currency risk through its
                        investments in Hong Kong, China, Japan, Continental Europe and the United Kingdom and also loans to related parties in North America.
                        Foreign exchange risk represents the loss that would be recognised from adverse fluctuations in currency prices as a result of future
                        commercial transactions, recognised assets and liabilities and, principally, net investments in foreign operations.

                        Goodman Group manages foreign currency exposure on a consolidated basis. In managing foreign currency risks, Goodman Group aims
                        to reduce the impact of short-term fluctuations on earnings and net assets. However, over the long term, permanent changes in foreign
                        exchange will have an impact on both earnings and net assets.

                        Goodman Group’s capital hedge policy for each overseas region is to hedge between 65% and 90% of foreign currency denominated
                        assets with foreign currency denominated liabilities. This is achieved by borrowing in the same functional currency as the investments to
                        form a natural economic hedge against any foreign currency fluctuations and/or using derivatives such as cross currency interest rate
                        swaps (CCIRS) and forward exchange contracts (FEC).




                                                                                                                                                                A50
                                                                                      Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Capital management (continued)

                        As at 30 June 2024, a summary of the derivative financial instruments used to hedge the Consolidated Entity’s exposures arising from
                        its investments in foreign operations is set out below:

                                                                                       2024                                             2023
                                                                                                       Weighted                                         Weighted
                                                                                                        average                                          average
                                                                       Amounts         Amounts        exchange          Amounts         Amounts        exchange
                                                                        payable       receivable            rate          payable      receivable            rate
                                                                        HKD'M            AUD'M        AUD/HKD             HKD'M           AUD'M        AUD/HKD
                        AUD receivable/HKD payable                     (1,950.0)         360.7          5.4310            (1,650.0)        300.5           5.5118
                                                                         EUR'M           AUD'M        AUD/EUR             EUR'M           AUD'M        AUD/EUR
                        AUD receivable/EUR payable                       (495.0)         803.0          0.6165              (495.0)        803.0          0.6165




For personal use only
                                                                        GBP'M            AUD'M        AUD/GBP             GBP'M           AUD'M        AUD/GBP
                        AUD receivable/GBP payable                       (330.0)          601.7         0.5491               (150.0)       279.8          0.5361
                                                                         USD'M           AUD'M        AUD/USD             USD'M           AUD'M        AUD/USD
                        AUD receivable/USD payable                       (550.0)          774.7         0.7105              (450.0)        634.6         0.7092
                                                                          JPY'M          AUD'M        AUD/JPY              JPY'M          AUD'M        AUD/JPY
                        AUD receivable/JPY payable                   (21,000.0)          249.2         85.2731          (14,000.0)          177.7        78.9821
                                                                          CNY'M          USD'M        USD/CNY             CNY'M           USD'M        USD/CNY
                        USD receivable/CNY payable                    (4,565.7)          649.3          7.0315            (4,727.6)        642.2          7.3612

                        Sensitivity analysis
                        Throughout the financial year, if the Australian dollar had been 5% (2023: 5%) stronger against all other currencies, with all other variables
                        held constant, the Consolidated Entity’s loss attributable to Shareholders, excluding derivative mark to market and unrealised foreign
                        exchange movements, would have increased by $7.7 million (2023: $21.9 million). If the Australian dollar had been 5% (2023: 5%) weaker
                        against all other currencies, with all other variables held constant, the Consolidated Entity’s loss attributable to Shareholders, excluding
                        derivative mark to market and unrealised foreign exchange movements, would have decreased by $7.7 million (2023: $21.9 million).
                        Interest rate risk
                        The Consolidated Entity’s interest rate payments risk arises from variable rate borrowings and Consolidated Entity’s CCIRS that hedge
                        the overseas investments. Goodman Group has a policy of hedging between 60% and 100% of its payments exposure to changes in
                        interest rates for a three year period, progressively decreasing from the fourth year. The Consolidated Entity has entered into interest
                        rate derivatives (IRD) to manage cash flow risks associated with the interest rates on payments that are floating. The IRD contracts are
                        for 90-day intervals and involve quarterly payments or receipts of the net amount of interest.

                        As at 30 June 2024, the Consolidated Entity’s fixed and floating rate exposure (by principal) based on existing interest bearing liabilities
                        and derivative financial instruments is set out below:
                                                                                                                                                   Net interest
                                                                                        Interest bearing           Impact of derivatives         rate exposure
                                                                                                liabilities           CCIRS                IRD        (payable)
                                                                                                        $M               $M                 $M                 $M
                        30 June 2024
                        Fixed rate interest payable                                                      –                 –         1,506.6             1,506.6
                        Floating rate interest payable                                               65.6            2,815.5        (1,506.6)             1,374.5
                                                                                                    65.6           2,815.5                   –          2,881.1
                        30 June 2023
                        Fixed rate interest payable                                                      –                 –           1,418.7             1,418.7
                        Floating rate interest payable                                               47.9           2,232.8           (1,418.7)            862.0
                                                                                                    47.9          2,232.8                    –         2,280.7




                                                                                                                                                                   A51
                                                                                       Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Capital management (continued)

                        The Consolidated Entity is also exposed to variable interest rates on cash at bank and the principal amount of the Australian dollar
                        receiver legs of the CCIRS. To hedge this interest rate exposure, the Consolidated Entity hold IRDs and fixed rate CCIRS. As at 30 June
                        2024, the Consolidated Entity’s fixed and floating rate exposure (by principal) based on existing cash at bank, interest bearing liabilities
                        and derivative financial instruments is set out below:
                                                                                                                                                    Net interest
                                                                                                                    Impact of derivatives         rate exposure
                                                                                            Cash at bank              CCIRS               IRD       (receivable)
                                                                                                       $M                 $M               $M                   $M
                         30 June 2024
                         Fixed rate interest income                                                     –                  –           774.7                774.7
                         Floating rate interest income                                              478.1            2,789.2          (774.7)            2,492.6
                                                                                                   478.1           2,789.2                  –           3,267.3




For personal use only
                         30 June 2023
                         Floating rate interest income                                              391.9            2,195.5                –             2,587.4
                                                                                                   391.9            2,195.5                 –           2,587.4

                        As a result of the fixed rate interest bearing liabilities and derivative financial instruments that existed at 30 June 2024, the Consolidated
                        Entity would have the following fixed payable interest rate exposure (by principal) at the end of each of the next five financial years. This
                        assumes all interest bearing liabilities and derivative financial instruments mature in accordance with current contractual terms and that
                        no new arrangements are entered into.

                                                                                         2024                                            2023
                                                                     Fixed interest rate Weighted average              Fixed interest rate Weighted average
                        Number of years post                              (by principal)       interest rate                (by principal)      interest rate
                        balance date                                                    $M    % per annum                               $M     % per annum
                        1 year                                                    1,231.5              1.85%                       1,350.7              0.88
                        2 years                                                  1,289.9              2.22%                           619.3              1.69
                        3 years                                                 1,320.8               2.44%                            491.1             1.98
                        4 years                                                     1,112.1           2.56%                            491.1             1.98
                        5 years                                                    555.9              2.93%                          458.4               2.14

                        Sensitivity analysis
                        Throughout the financial year, if interest rates (based on cash and cash equivalents, interest bearing liabilities and derivative financial
                        instruments in place at the end of the year) had been 100 bps per annum (2023: 100 bps per annum) higher/lower, with all other
                        variables held constant, the Consolidated Entity’s profit or loss attributable to Shareholders, excluding derivative mark to market
                        movements, would have been $11.2 million lower/higher (2023: $10.2 million lower/higher).




                                                                                                                                                                      A52
                                                                                                              Goodman Group

                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Capital management (continued)

                        (b) Liquidity risk
                        Liquidity risk is the risk that the Consolidated Entity will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Consolidated
                        Entity’s objective is to maintain sufficient liquidity to fund short-term working capital, capital expenditure, investment opportunities and
                        dividends. Management seeks to achieve these objectives through the preparation of regular forecast cash flows to understand the
                        application and use of funds and through the identification of future funding, primarily through loans from related parties in
                        Goodman Group.
                        The contractual maturities of financial liabilities are set out below:

                                                                                                                                                                                                      More
                                                                                             Carrying Contractual Up to 12                         1 to 2        2 to 3         3 to 4     4 to 5    than 5
                                                                                              amount cash flows months                           year(s)         years          years      years      years
                                                                                                  $M          $M       $M                             $M            $M             $M         $M        $M
                         As at 30 June 2024




For personal use only
                         Non-derivative financial liabilities
                         Trade and other payables (excluding contract
                         liabilities)                                                            397.0               397.0          265.2            131.8              –              –        –        –
                         Lease liabilities                                                         11.3                11.6           4.5             2.3             1.8            1.6      1.0      0.4
                         Bank loans, secured1                                                     65.6                65.6             1.7          2.5            2.5             4.8        6.1      48.0
                         Loans from related parties                                             1,416.9            1,427.8           82.4         266.6           60.3           816.7       81.2     120.6
                         Total non-derivative financial liabilities                          1,890.8             1,902.0           353.8         403.2            64.6          823.1       88.3     169.0
                         Derivative financial liabilities
                         Net settled2:                                                             (16.9)              (10.3)           3.3          (12.5)         (7.4)           2.7      4.0       (0.4)
                                          3
                         Gross settled :
                         (Inflow)                                                                    –             (666.5)          (151.5)       (184.3)        (135.0)         (89.5)    (106.2)       –
                         Outflow                                                                  42.6              440.8            113.6          100.1         140.8           40.4       45.9        –
                         Total derivative financial liabilities                                   25.7            (236.0)          (34.6)         (96.7)            (1.6)       (46.4)     (56.3)     (0.4)
                         As at 30 June 2023
                         Non-derivative financial liabilities
                         Trade and other payables (excluding contract
                         liabilities)                                                            330.6               330.6          267.7            62.9              –              –        –         –
                         Lease liabilities                                                         38.1                87.1           8.0             5.5            2.8            2.4       2.1     66.3
                         Bank loans, secured1                                                    47.9                 47.9             –              –               –             –           –     47.9
                         Loans from related parties                                            1,676.1             1,683.5           89.1         538.9           415.9          93.3       474.4      71.9
                         Total non-derivative financial liabilities                          2,092.7               2,149.1         364.8         607.3           418.7           95.7      476.5     186.1
                         Derivative financial liabilities
                         Net settled2:                                                            (10.4)               (10.8)          (11.7)         12.4          (4.5)          (4.5)     (4.0)       1.5
                                          3
                         Gross settled :
                         (Inflow)                                                                    –               (512.7)        (104.3)        (88.4)        (106.2)         (85.0)     (57.7)     (71.1)
                         Outflow                                                                  70.5               504.8           142.7          90.0           83.3           122.7      27.5     38.6
                         Total derivative financial liabilities                                   60.1                (18.7)         26.7           14.0         (27.4)          33.2      (34.2)    (31.0)

                        1.   Contractual cash flows relating to bank loans exclude any estimate of interest payments that might arise under the Consolidated Entity’s bank facilities.
                        2.   Net settled includes IRD and FEC.
                        3.   Gross settled includes CCIRS.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                A53
                                                                                       Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Capital management (continued)

                        (c) Credit risk

                        Credit risk represents the loss that would be recognised if counterparties failed to perform as contracted.

                        The maximum exposure to credit risk on financial assets, excluding investments, of the Consolidated Entity which have been recognised
                        in the consolidated statement of financial position, is the carrying amount (refer to note 6).

                        The Consolidated Entity has a policy of assessing the creditworthiness of all potential customers and is not materially exposed to any
                        one customer. The Consolidated Entity evaluates all customers’ perceived credit risk.

                        In relation to material bank deposits, the Consolidated Entity minimises credit risk by dealing with major financial institutions. The
                        counterparty must have a long-term investment grade credit rating from a major rating agency. The amounts and other terms associated
                        with bank deposits are formally reviewed monthly.




For personal use only
                        From time to time, the Consolidated Entity also makes loans to JVs, typically to fund development projects. In making its investment
                        decisions, the Consolidated Entity will undertake a detailed assessment of the development feasibility and credit risks associated with
                        the relevant counterparties.

                        During the current and prior year, credit risk arising from cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, amounts and loans due from
                        related parties and other receivables was not determined to be significant and no impairment losses were recognised.

                        The credit risks associated with derivative financial instruments are managed by:

                        +    Transacting with multiple derivatives counterparties that have a long-term investment grade credit rating
                        +    Utilising ISDA agreements with derivative counterparties in order to limit exposure to credit risk through netting of amounts
                             receivable and amounts payable to individual counterparties (refer below)
                        +    Formal review of the mark to market position of derivative financial instruments by counterparty on a monthly basis.

                        Master netting off or similar agreements
                        The Consolidated Entity enters into derivative transactions with external parties (outside of Goodman Group) under ISDA master netting
                        off agreements. Under these agreements, where certain credit events occur (such as a default), all outstanding transactions under the
                        agreement are terminated and a single net termination value is payable in full and final settlement.

                        As the Consolidated Entity does not have any current legally enforceable right to offset, the fair values associated with derivative
                        financial instruments have been presented gross in the statement of financial position. However, if a credit event occurred, the ISDA
                        master netting off agreement would allow A$66.8 million (2023: A$43.0 million) of financial assets and financial liabilities in relation to
                        the Consolidated Entity’s respective derivative financial instruments to be offset.

                        (d) Fair values of financial instruments

                        Except for derivative financial instruments and investments in unlisted securities which are carried at fair value, the Consolidated Entity’s
                        financial instruments are carried at cost or amortised cost. The carrying amounts of the Consolidated Entity’s financial instruments
                        carried at cost or amortised cost were not materially different from their fair values as at 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023.




                                                                                                                                                                 A54
                                                                                      Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Capital management (continued)

                        (i) Fair value hierarchy
                        The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method (see Basis of preparation):

                                                                                                         Level 1        Level 2         Level 3          Total
                                                                                                            $M             $M              $M              $M
                        As at 30 June 2024
                        Derivative financial assets                                                          –            137.9               –          137.9
                        Investments in unlisted securities                                                   –                –            57.2           57.2
                                                                                                             –           137.9            57.2           195.1
                        Derivative financial liabilities                                                     –            163.6               –          163.6
                                                                                                             –           163.6               –          163.6
                        As at 30 June 2023




For personal use only
                        Derivative financial assets                                                          –             117.9              –           117.9
                        Investments in unlisted securities                                                   –                 –           54.5           54.5
                                                                                                             –            117.9           54.5          172.4
                        Derivative financial liabilities                                                     –            178.0               –          178.0
                                                                                                             –           178.0               –          178.0

                        There were no transfers between the levels during the year.

                        (ii) Valuation techniques used to derive Level 2 and Level 3 fair values

                        The Level 2 derivative financial instruments held by the Consolidated Entity consist of IRD, CCIRS and FEC.

                        The fair values of derivatives are determined using generally accepted pricing models which discount estimated future cash flows based
                        on the terms and maturity of each contract and current market interest rates and/or foreign currency rates, adjusted for specific features
                        of the instruments.

                        The fair value measurement for investment in unlisted securities has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value. The following table shows
                        the valuation technique used in measuring fair value as well as the significant unobservable inputs used:
                                                                                                                Inter-relationship between significant
                                                                                                                unobservable inputs and fair value
                         Type              Valuation technique                Significant unobservable inputs   measurement
                         Equity securities DCF: The valuation model was       + Assets under management         The estimated fair value would
                         + Goodman determined by discounting the                   of $6.9 billion in year five increase/(decrease) if:
                             Japan         future cash flows expected to be + Average annual development + The level of AUM, development
                             Limited       generated from continuing               of 75,075 square metres           activity and terminal value growth rate
                                           operations. The future cash flows + Five-year terminal value              were higher/(lower); or
                                           were based on Partnership and           growth rate of 1.06%         + The risk adjusted discount rate was
                                           development forecasts and then + Risk adjusted post tax                   lower/(higher).
                                           estimating a year five terminal         discount rate of 7.78%
                                           value using a terminal growth rate      per annum.
                                           and an appropriate discount rate.

                        (iii) Reconciliation of Level 3 fair values

                                                                                                                                          2024           2023
                                                                                                                                             $M            $M
                        Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                                       54.5          43.5
                        Acquisitions                                                                                                          0.1          1.2
                        Return of capital                                                                                                    (1.8)           –
                        Net change in fair value – included in other comprehensive income                                                    9.7          10.7
                        Effect of foreign currency translation                                                                              (5.3)         (0.9)
                        Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                            57.2           54.5

                                                                                                                                                            A55
                                                                                                         Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Capital management (continued)

                        14 Dividends

                        During the financial year, the Company declared a final dividend of 4.0 cents per share amounting to $76.0 million. This dividend will be
                        paid on 26 August 2024. In the prior year, the Company declared a final dividend of 5.0 cents per share amounting to $94.2 million. This
                        was paid on 25 August 2023.


                        15 Share capital

                        (a) Ordinary shares

                        Ordinary shares of the Company are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to issues of ordinary shares are
                        recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.




For personal use only
                                                                                                                       2024            2023                    2024              2023
                                                                                                                    Number of shares                              $M               $M
                         Share capital                                                                          1,899,182,071  1,883,819,883                   994.9             931.6
                         Less: Accumulated issue costs                                                                                                           (0.7)            (0.7)
                         Total issued capital                                                                  1,899,182,071         1,883,819,883            994.2             930.9

                                                                                                                                                           Number        Share capital
                         Date              Details                                                                                                        of shares               $M
                                           Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid
                                           Balance at 30 June 2022                                                                                     1,868,222,609             873.6
                                                                                                           1
                         1 Sep 2022  Shares issued to employees of Goodman Group                                                                          12,246,479              46.1
                         19 May 2023 Ordinary shares issued                                                                                                3,350,795               11.9
                                     Balance at 30 June 2023                                                                                          1,883,819,883             931.6
                         28 Aug 2023 Ordinary shares issued                                                                                                3,164,056             13.0
                         30 Aug 2023 Shares issued to employees of Goodman Group1                                                                          12,198,132            50.3
                                     Balance at 30 June 2024                                                                                          1,899,182,071             994.9

                        1.   During the year, the Company issued 12,198,132 (2023: 12,246,479) shares to employees of Goodman Group under the LTIP.


                        The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share
                        at meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.




                                                                                                                                                                                    A56
                                                                                      Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Capital management (continued)

                        (b) Equity settled share based payment transactions

                        LTIP
                        Goodman Group’s share based payments relate to performance rights awarded to employees under the LTIP. These performance rights
                        entitle an employee to either acquire Goodman Group securities for $nil consideration (equity settled performance rights) or, in certain
                        jurisdictions, to receive an amount in cash equal to the value of the securities (cash settled performance rights), subject to the vesting
                        conditions having been satisfied.

                        During the year, the movement in the number of performance rights under the LTIP was as follows:

                                                                                                                                        Number of rights
                                                                                                                                           2024           2023
                        Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                                                    26,758,409        24,616,181




For personal use only
                        Issued                                                                                                       7,907,295       8,149,820
                        Vested                                                                                                        (5,153,819)   (5,568,204)
                        Forfeited                                                                                                      (1,661,139)    (439,388)
                        Outstanding at the end of the year                                                                         27,850,746 26,758,409
                        Exercisable at the end of the year                                                                                      –             –

                        Share based payments transactions
                        The fair value of equity settled performance rights at the grant date is expensed with a corresponding increase in the employee
                        compensation reserve over the period from the grant date to the vesting dates. The expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number
                        of performance rights for which the related service and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be met. The accumulated share
                        based payments expense of performance rights which have vested or lapsed is transferred from the employee compensation reserve
                        to retained earnings.

                        The fair value of cash settled performance rights is also recognised as an expense but with a corresponding increase in liabilities over the
                        vesting period. The expense is adjusted to reflect the actual number of performance rights for which the related service and non-market
                        vesting conditions are expected to be met. The liability is remeasured at each reporting date and at the vesting date based on the fair
                        value of the rights.

                        The fair value of services received in return for performance rights granted under the LTIP is measured by reference to the fair value
                        of the performance rights granted. The fair value of the performance rights granted during the year was measured as follows:

                        +   Operating earnings per security tranches: these rights were valued as a granted call option, using the standard Black-Scholes model
                            with a continuous dividend yield
                        +   Relative total shareholder return tranches: these rights were valued using a Monte Carlo model which simulated total returns for
                            each of the ASX 100 stocks and discounted the future value of any potential future vesting performance rights to arrive at a present
                            value. The model uses statistical analysis to forecast total returns, based on expected parameters of variance and co-variance.




                                                                                                                                                               A57
                                                                                        Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Capital management (continued)

                        The model inputs for performance rights, both equity and cash settled, awarded during the current financial year included the following:

                                                                                                                  10-year rights 10-year rights 5-year rights
                                                                                                                      issued on      issued on     issued on
                                                                                                                   14 Nov 2023 29 Sep 2023 29 Sep 2023
                        Fair value at measurement date ($)                                                                 18.93          17.44        18.09
                        Security price ($)                                                                                22.77          21.45         21.45
                        Exercise price ($)                                                                                      –             –             –
                        Expected volatility (%)                                                                           28.06          27.88         29.89
                        Rights' expected weighted average life (years)                                                        6.8           6.9           3.9
                        Dividend/distribution yield per annum (%)                                                            1.32          1.40          1.40
                        Average risk free rate of interest per annum (%)                                                    4.47           4.27          4.10




For personal use only
                        The model inputs for the remeasurement of the cash settled performance rights at 30 June 2024 included the following:

                                                        10-year       10-year       10-year        5-year        5-year        5-year        5-year        5-year
                                                  rights issued rights issued rights issued rights issued rights issued rights issued rights issued rights issued
                                                              in            in            in            In            In            In            In            In
                                                          FY24          FY23          FY22          FY24          FY23          FY22           FY21         FY20
                         Fair value at
                         measurement date               21.85         29.48          29.86         26.47         30.74         34.40          34.55            34.70
                         Security price ($)             34.75         34.75          34.75         34.75         34.75         34.75          34.75            34.75
                         Exercise price ($)                 –             –              –             –             –             –              –                –
                         Expected volatility
                         (%)                             63.81         27.69         27.36         27.07         26.35          25.21          23.65           23.27
                         Rights' expected
                         weighted average life
                         (years)                           6.2             5.2         4.2           3.2           2.2             1.2           0.7             0.2
                         Dividend/distribution
                         yield per annum (%)             0.86           0.86          0.86          0.86          0.86           0.86           0.86            0.86
                         Average risk free rate
                         of interest per annum
                         (%)                              4.17             4.15        4.18          4.12         4.25           4.34           4.43            4.38

                        Share based payment expense included in profit or loss was as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                                                              $M                 $M
                        Share based payment expense:
                        – Equity settled                                                                                                      59.2             47.6
                        – Cash settled                                                                                                       157.0             64.2
                                                                                                                                            216.2              111.8

                        At 30 June 2024, a liability of $197.7 million (2023: $103.6 million) was recognised in relation to cash settled performance rights.




                                                                                                                                                                 A58
                                                                                       Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        (continued)

                        OTHER ITEMS

                        16 Notes to the consolidated cash flow statement

                        Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits with original maturities of three months or less.

                        (a) Reconciliation of cash

                        Cash as at the end of the year as shown in the consolidated cash flow statement is reconciled to the related items in the consolidated
                        statement of financial position as follows:

                                                                                                                                        2024             2023
                                                                                                                                           $M              $M




For personal use only
                        Cash assets                                                                                                      478.1           391.9
                                                                                                                                        478.1           391.9

                        (b) Reconciliation of profit for the year to net cash provided by operating activities

                                                                                                                                         2024           2023
                                                                                                                                           $M             $M
                        (Loss)/profit for the year                                                                                      (78.8)         200.2
                        Items classified as investing activities
                        Net gain on disposal of investment properties                                                                        –             (4.1)
                        Non-cash items
                        Depreciation of plant and equipment                                                                                8.2            8.5
                        Share based payments expense                                                                                    216.2            111.8
                        Net loss from fair value adjustments on investment properties                                                    23.4             0.4
                        Share of net results of equity accounted investments                                                            153.5            91.8
                        Net finance (income)/expense                                                                                     (18.2)          91.0
                        Income tax expense                                                                                               62.7           26.9
                                                                                                                                       367.0           526.5
                        Changes in assets and liabilities during the year:
                        – Decrease/(increase) in receivables                                                                              75.9           (15.9)
                        – (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                                             (56.7)           95.1
                        – (Increase)/decrease in other assets                                                                              (5.6)           2.5
                        – Decrease in payables                                                                                          (53.2)            (21.1)
                        – Increase/(decrease) in provisions (including employee benefits)                                                   2.0           (2.4)
                                                                                                                                       329.4           584.7
                        Dividends/distributions received from equity accounted investments                                              108.8            102.1
                        Net finance income received                                                                                       88.2           64.3
                        Net income taxes paid                                                                                            (92.7)         (68.8)
                        Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                      433.7           682.3




                                                                                                                                                            A59
                                                                                              Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Other items (continued)

                        (c) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                                 Interest     Derivatives                          Loans
                                                                                                 bearing        used for       Dividends       (to)/from         Lease
                                                                                               liabilities       hedging         payable related parties      liabilities
                                                                                                       $M             $M              $M              $M              $M
                        Balance at 1 July 2022                                                       9.0           55.5             46.7          1,148.1         45.3
                        Changes from financing cash flows
                        Drawdown of borrowings                                                      40.6                 –             –                –             –
                        Repayments of borrowings and payments under
                        derivative financial instruments                                               –           (49.0)             –                –               –
                        Net repayments of loans with related parties                                   –             (11.9)           –           (269.9)              –




For personal use only
                        Payments of lease liabilities                                                  –                 –            –                –            (7.6)
                        Dividends paid                                                                 –                 –         (46.7)              –               –
                        Total changes from financing cash flows                                    40.6           (60.9)          (46.7)         (269.9)           (7.6)
                        Effect of foreign exchange movements                                         (1.7)          (4.0)             –            180.4             2.6
                        Changes in fair value                                                          –            69.5              –                –               –
                        Other changes
                        Issue of shares under the LTIP                                                  –                –             –            (46.1)             –
                        Equity settled share based payments transactions                                –                –             –           (36.0)              –
                        New leases                                                                      –                –             –               -             1.6
                        Interest income                                                                 –                –             –            (23.1)             –
                        Interest expense                                                                –                –             –            47.5            0.4
                        Other borrowing costs                                                        (1.2)               –             –               –               –
                        Disposal of right of use assets                                                 –                –             –               –           (4.2)
                        Derivative financial instrument settlement through loans
                        with related parties                                                           –              –               –              11.9             –
                        Dividends declared                                                             –              –            94.2                 –             –
                        Total other changes                                                         (1.2)             -            94.2            (45.8)          (2.2)
                        Balance at 30 June 2023                                                    46.7             60.1           94.2          1,012.8           38.1
                        Balance at 1 July 2023                                                     46.7             60.1           94.2          1,012.8           38.1
                        Changes from financing cash flows
                        Drawdown of borrowings                                                      25.0                 –             –                –             –
                        Repayments of borrowings and payments under
                        derivative financial instruments                                             (6.8)          (33.7)             –               –               –
                        Net repayments of loans with related parties                                    –               –              –           (85.9)              –
                        Payments of lease liabilities                                                   –               –              –               –            (6.6)
                        Dividends paid                                                                  –               –          (94.2)              –               –
                        Total changes from financing cash flows                                     18.2           (33.7)         (94.2)          (85.9)           (6.6)
                        Effect of foreign exchange movements                                         (0.5)            0.4              –           105.9             0.1
                        Changes in fair value                                                           –              (1.1)           –               –               –
                        Other changes
                        Issue of shares under the LTIP                                                –                –               –             (13.0)            –
                        Equity settled share based payments transactions                              –                –               –             (41.9)            –
                        Interest income                                                               –                –               –            (34.3)             –
                        Interest expense                                                              –                –               –             73.0              –
                        Other borrowing costs                                                       0.4                –               –                 –             –
                        Disposal of right of use assets                                               –                –               –                 –        (20.3)
                        Dividends declared                                                            –                –            76.0                 –             –
                        Total other changes                                                         0.4                –           76.0             (16.2)       (20.3)
                        Balance at 30 June 2024                                                    64.8             25.7           76.0          1,016.6            11.3



                                                                                                                                                                     A60
                                                                                                            Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Other items (continued)

                        17 Reserves

                                                                                                                                      Consolidated                                  Company
                                                                                                                                      2024         2023                            2024                 2023
                                                                                                                   Note                  $M           $M                             $M                   $M
                         Asset revaluation reserve                                                                  17(a)              57.1         47.4                           56.8                  47.1
                         Foreign currency translation reserve                                                      17(b)               (2.5)        49.6                               –                   –
                         Employee compensation reserve                                                              17(c)              91.5        66.9                             81.3                64.0
                         Defined benefit retirement schemes reserve                                                17(d)                (11.8)       (8.3)                             –                   –
                         Common control reserve1                                                                    17(e)            (702.9)               (702.9)                    –                      –
                         Total reserves                                                                                             (568.6)               (547.3)                  138.1                  111.1




For personal use only
                        1.      The common control reserve arises from the acquisition of entities from other members of Goodman Group under the pooling of interest method. The amount in the common control
                                reserve reflects the difference between the consideration paid and the carrying values of the assets and liabilities of the acquired entity at the date of acquisition.


                        The movements in reserves of the Consolidated Entity and the Company are analysed below:

                                                                                                                                          Consolidated                                Company
                                                                                                                                          2024         2023                          2024                2023
                                                                                                                                            $M           $M                            $M                  $M
                             (a) Asset revaluation reserve
                             Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                            47.4                 36.7                47.1                36.2
                             Increase due to revaluation of other financial assets                                                            9.7                 10.7                9.7                 10.9
                             Balance at the end of the year                                                                                  57.1                47.4                56.8                 47.1
                             (b) Foreign currency translation reserve
                             Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                           49.6                  13.6                     –                    –
                             Net exchange differences on conversion of foreign operations                                                   (52.1)               36.0                      –                    –
                             Balance at the end of the year                                                                                 (2.5)                49.6                      –                    –
                             (c) Employee compensation reserve
                             Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                           66.9                  56.3                64.0               52.4
                             Equity settled share based payment transactions                                                                 17.3                  11.6                17.3               11.6
                             Deferred tax associated with the LTIP                                                                            7.3                  (1.0)                  –                  –
                             Balance at the end of the year                                                                                 91.5                 66.9                 81.3              64.0
                             (d) Defined benefit retirement schemes reserve
                             Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                            (8.3)                 (8.8)                   –                    –
                             Actuarial (losses)/gains on defined benefit retirement schemes (net of tax)                                     (3.5)                  0.5                    –                    –
                             Balance at the end of the year                                                                                 (11.8)                (8.3)                    –                    –
                             (e) Common control reserve
                             Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                        (702.9)               (702.9)                     –                    –
                             Balance at the end of the year                                                                             (702.9)               (702.9)                      –                    –



                        18 Retained earnings

                                                                                                                                      Consolidated                                   Company
                                                                                                                                       2024          2023                          2024          2023
                                                                                                                   Note                  $M            $M                             $M           $M
                         Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                       2,383.2       2,290.0                        1,522.9       1,013.3
                         (Loss)/profit for the year                                                                                   (86.0)         187.4                         306.1       603.8
                         Dividends declared                                                                            14              (76.0)        (94.2)                         (76.0)       (94.2)
                         Balance at the end of the year                                                                             2,221.2      2,383.2                       1,753.0       1,522.9




                                                                                                                                                                                                                A61
                                                                                        Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Other items (continued)

                        19 Investments in subsidiaries

                        Subsidiaries
                        Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. The Company controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns
                        from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When assessing whether
                        the Company has power, only substantive rights (held by the Company and other parties) are considered.

                        An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the
                        date that control ceases. When an entity ceases to be controlled by the Company, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in
                        the entity, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss.

                        In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses.

                        The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of the Consolidated




For personal use only
                        Entity. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.
                                                                                                                                                          Interest held
                                                                                                                                        Country of 2024 2023
                        Significant controlled companies                      Principal activities                                  incorporation              %       %
                        Goodman Asia Limited                                  Investment and property management services                Hong Kong 100.0 100.0
                                                                              Property management and development
                        Goodman China Limited                                                                                            Hong Kong 100.0 100.0
                                                                              management consultancy services
                        Goodman UK Holdings (HK) Limited                      Intermediate holding company                               Hong Kong 100.0 100.0
                        Goodman China Asset Management Limited                Investment management                                 Cayman Islands 100.0 100.0
                        Goodman Developments Asia                             Investment and property development                   Cayman Islands 100.0 100.0
                        GJSP Limited                                          Investment management                                            Japan 100.0 100.0
                        Goodman Funds Management (Lux) Sàrl                   Investment management                                    Luxembourg 100.0 100.0
                        Goodman Management Holdings (Lux) Sàrl                Intermediate holding company                             Luxembourg 100.0 100.0
                        Goodman Midnight Logistics (Lux) Sàrl                 Investment holding company                               Luxembourg 100.0 100.0
                        Goodman Property Opportunities (Lux) Sàrl             Property investment and development                      Luxembourg 94.0             94.0
                        Goodman Logistics Developments (UK) Limited Investment and property management services                     United Kingdom 100.0 100.0
                        Goodman Real Estate (UK) Limited                      Investment and property development                   United Kingdom 100.0 100.0

                        Combination of entities or businesses under common control
                        Where the Consolidated Entity acquires entities or businesses from other members of Goodman Group such that all of the combining
                        entities (businesses) are ultimately controlled by Goodman Group Securityholders both before and after the combination, the
                        Consolidated Entity applies the pooling of interests method.

                        At the date of the combination of entities under common control, the assets and liabilities of the combining entities are reflected at their
                        carrying amounts. No adjustments are made to reflect fair values or recognise any new assets or liabilities that would otherwise be done
                        under the acquisition method. The only goodwill that is recognised is any existing goodwill relating to either of the combining entities. Any
                        difference between the consideration transferred and the equity “acquired” by the Consolidated Entity is reflected within equity
                        (common control reserve).

                        Similar to the acquisition method, the results of the ‘acquired’ entity are included only from the date control commenced. Comparatives
                        are not restated to present the consolidated financial statements as if the entities had always been combined.




                                                                                                                                                                    A62
                                                                                     Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Other items (continued)

                        20 Related party transactions

                        Related parties

                        (i)      A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Company if that person:
                                 (1)      Has control or joint control over the Company
                                 (2)      Has significant influence over the Company, or
                                 (3)      Is a member of the key management personnel of the Company or the Company’s parent.

                        (ii)     An entity is related to the Company if any of the following conditions applies:
                                 (1)       The entity and the Company are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow
                                           subsidiary is related to the others)
                                 (2)       One entity is an associate or JV of the other entity (or an associate or JV of a member of a group of which the other
                                           entity is a member)




For personal use only
                                 (3)       Both entities are JVs of the same third party
                                 (4)       One entity is a JV of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity
                                 (5)       The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Company or an entity related
                                           to the Company
                                 (6)       The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i)
                                 (7)       A person identified in (i)(1) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel
                                           of the entity (or of a parent of the entity) or
                                 (8)       The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the
                                           Company or the Company’s parent.

                        Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person
                        in their dealings with the entity.

                        (a) Directors’ remuneration

                        Directors’ remuneration (including alternate Directors) disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
                        and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation is as follows:

                                                                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                                                                           $M               $M
                        Directors' fees                                                                                                    0.6              0.6
                        Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                                          4.0              3.5
                        Share based payments                                                                                              19.6             18.0
                                                                                                                                         24.2             22.1




                                                                                                                                                             A63
                                                                                                             Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Other items (continued)

                        (b) Transactions and amounts due from related parties

                                                                                                                                                  Management and                          Amounts due from
                                                                                                                                             development activities                          related parties 1
                                                                                                                                                 2024        2023                          2024       2023
                                                                                                                                                   $M           $M                           $M          $M
                         JVs
                         GCLP                                                                                                                       93.8                 96.3                 9.6                13.6
                         GUKP                                                                                                                        14.0                67.2                2.4                  2.6
                         KWASA Goodman Germany                                                                                                       56.7                 8.4                   –                   –
                         GJDP                                                                                                                           –                   –                   –                 0.2
                                                                                                                                                   164.5                171.9               12.0                16.4




For personal use only
                         Related parties of GL and GIT
                         Goodman Hong Kong Logistics Partnership                                                                                      81.8              118.8                17.5               16.6
                         Goodman European Partnership                                                                                               154.6              348.2                25.9                61.5
                         Other related parties                                                                                                        5.2                  5.1                  –                  –
                                                                                                                                                   241.6               472.1               43.4                 78.1

                        1.   Includes contract assets arising from transactions with related parties.


                        Transactions with GL

                        During the year, the Consolidated Entity recognised expenses of $62.3 million (2023: $1.5 million) for services provided by a controlled
                        entity of GL.

                        (c) Financing arrangements with related parties

                                                                                                                                                                                                   Interest
                                                                                                                                                                                        income/(expense)
                                                                                                               Loans to related                   Loans from related                      charged on loans
                                                                                                                                         1
                                                                                                                              parties                                parties 1     to/from related parties
                                                                                                             2024              2023                 2024                2023             2024         2023
                                                                                                               $M                 $M                   $M                  $M              $M           $M
                         JVs                                                                                    –                 7.0                    –                  –               –           0.4
                         GL, GIT and their controlled entities                                              400.3              656.3              (1,416.9)           (1,676.1)          (38.7)       (24.8)
                                                                                                           400.3              663.3             (1,416.9)           (1,676.1)           (38.7)       (24.4)

                        1.   Loans by the Consolidated Entity to/from JVs and other related parties have generally been provided on an arm’s length basis. At 30 June 2024, details in respect of the principal loan
                             balances are set out below:
                             +     Loans to GL, GIT and their controlled entities amounting to $400.3 million (2023: $656.3 million) are interest bearing and repayable on demand. The interest bearing loans incur
                                   interest at rates ranging from 0.8% to 6.7% per annum (2023: 0.8% to 6.4% per annum).
                             +     Loans from GL, GIT and their controlled entities are interest bearing and amount to $1,416.9 million (2023: $1,676.1 million). $80.4 million of the loans is repayable on demand and
                                   $1,336.5 million is repayable greater than one year from the reporting date. The interest bearing loans incur floating interest at rates ranging from 0% to 10.3% per annum (2023: 0.8%
                                   to 10.5%per annum).




                                                                                                                                                                                                                   A64
                                                                                       Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Other items (continued)

                        21 Commitments

                        Development activities
                        At 30 June 2024, the Consolidated Entity was committed to $116.9 million (2023: $172.8 million) expenditure in respect of inventories and
                        other development activities.

                        Investment properties
                        At 30 June 2024, the Consolidated Entity had capital expenditure commitments of $0.4 million (2023: $0.1 million) in respect of its
                        stabilised investment property portfolio.


                        22 Contingencies




For personal use only
                        Capitalisation Deed Poll
                        GLHK, GL, GIT and certain of their wholly owned controlled entities are ‘investors’ under a Capitalisation Deed Poll (CDP) dated 23 May
                        2007. Under the CDP, each investor undertakes to pay to the relevant controlled entity borrower (borrower) any amounts owing under
                        finance documents for the purpose of the CDP when the borrower fails to make a payment. Any payments by an investor to a borrower
                        will be by way of loan to, or proceeds for the subscription of equity in, the borrower by the investor.

                        US144A/Regulation S senior notes
                        Under the issue of notes in the US144A/Regulation S bond market, controlled entities of GIT had on issue USD and EUR notes amounting
                        to US$1,350.0 million and €803.0 million respectively. GL, Goodman Funds Management Limited, as responsible entity of GIT, and GLHK
                        have unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several basis the payment of principal and interest in respect of each of
                        the notes.

                        Stapling agreement
                        In accordance with the stapling agreement between the Company (GLHK), GL and Goodman Funds Management Limited as
                        responsible entity for GIT, on request, each party (and its subsidiaries) must provide financial support to the other party (and its
                        subsidiaries). The financial support to the other party (and its subsidiaries) may include:
                        +   Lending money or providing financial accommodation
                        +   Guaranteeing any loan or other financing facility including providing any security
                        +   Entering into any covenant, undertaking, restraint, negative pledge on the obtaining of any financial accommodation
                            or the provision of any guarantee or security in connection with any financial accommodation
                        +   Entering into any joint borrowing or joint financial accommodation and providing any guarantee, security, indemnities
                            and undertakings in connection with the relevant joint borrowing or joint financial accommodation.
                        A party need not do anything under the above arrangements to the extent that the party considers that it is not in the interests of
                        Goodman Group Securityholders as a whole, or would cause a member of the party’s group to contravene or breach applicable
                        laws or particular finance arrangements.




                                                                                                                                                               A65
                                                                                       Goodman Group


                        Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        Other items (continued)

                        23 Company level statement of financial position
                                                                                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                                                                             Note               $M               $M
                        Current assets
                        Cash                                                                                                                  162.4             74.7
                        Receivables                                                                                                            20.9            20.8
                        Other financial assets                                                                                                  6.6              11.3
                        Total current assets                                                                                                 189.9            106.8
                        Non-current assets
                        Investments in subsidiaries                                                                                          2,716.1         2,631.3
                        Other financial assets                                                                                               439.5            340.7
                        Total non-current assets                                                                                          3,155.6          2,972.0




For personal use only
                        Total assets                                                                                                      3,345.5          3,078.8
                        Current liabilities
                        Payables                                                                                                             103.8               0.5
                        Dividend payable                                                                                                      76.0             94.2
                        Other financial liabilities                                                                                           26.7              79.9
                        Total current liabilities                                                                                           206.5             174.6
                        Non-current liabilities
                        Payables                                                                                                              116.8            241.2
                        Other financial liabilities                                                                                          136.9              98.1
                        Total non-current liabilities                                                                                       253.7            339.3
                        Total liabilities                                                                                                   460.2             513.9
                        Net assets                                                                                                        2,885.3          2,564.9
                        Equity attributable to Shareholders
                        Share capital                                                                                                         994.2            930.9
                        Reserves                                                                                                 17            138.1             111.1
                        Retained earnings                                                                                        18         1,753.0          1,522.9
                        Total equity attributable to Shareholders                                                                         2,885.3          2,564.9

                        The Company level statement of financial position was approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on
                        15 August 2024.




                        Stephen Johns
                        Director




                        David Collins
                        Director


                        24 Subsequent events

                        There has not arisen in the interval between the end of the financial year and the date of this financial report any item, transaction or
                        event of a material and unusual nature likely, in the opinion of the Directors, to affect significantly the operations of the Consolidated
                        Entity, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the Consolidated Entity, in future financial years.

                                                                                                                                                                     A66
                                                                                                   Goodman Group

                 Securities information
                     Top 20 Securityholders                                                                                                            Number of          Percentage of
                     as at 31 July 2024                                                                                                                  securities al issued securities
                   1      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                                688,736,309                   36.26
                   2      J P MORGAN NOMINEES AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED                                                                                  573,441,031                  30.19
                   3      CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED                                                                                            232,933,055                    12.26
                   4      BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <AGENCY LENDING A/C>                                                                            56,311,020                  2.97
                   5      NATIONAL NOMINEES LIMITED                                                                                                   37,423,559                    1.97
                   6      BNP PARIBAS NOMS PTY LTD                                                                                                   37,266,865                     1.96
                   7      CITICORP NOMINEES PTY LIMITED <COLONIAL FIRST STATE INV A/C>                                                               33,898,260                     1.78
                   8      TRISON INVESTMENTS PTY LTD                                                                                                  15,963,803                   0.84
                   9      HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED <NT-COMNWLTH SUPER CORP A/C>                                                      12,506,580                   0.66
                   10 BEESIDE PTY LTD ATF THE BEESIDE TRUST                                                                                           10,442,040                   0.55
                   11     AUSTRALIAN FOUNDATION INVESTMENT COMPANY LIMITED                                                                             10,155,000                  0.53
                   12 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD <HUB24 CUSTODIAL SERV LTD>                                                                           6,779,535                  0.36
                   13 BNP PARIBAS NOMINEES PTY LTD BARCLAYS                                                                                             5,446,345                  0.29
                   14 CUSTODIAL SERVICES LIMITED <BENEFICIARIES HOLDING A/C>                                                                             4,821,933                 0.25




For personal use only
                   15 UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                                              4,752,922                  0.25
                   16 NETWEALTH INVESTMENTS LIMITED <WRAP SERVICES A/C>                                                                                 4,369,814                  0.23
                   17 UBS NOMINEES PTY LTD                                                                                                              4,036,197                   0.21
                   18 HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED                                                                                         3,424,554                   0.18
                   19 HSBC CUSTODY NOMINEES (AUSTRALIA) LIMITED - A/C 2                                                                                 3,325,748                   0.18
                   20 BNP PARIBAS NOMS (NZ) LTD                                                                                                         3,023,845                  0.16
                     Securities held by to 20 Securityholders                                                                                     1,749,058,415                   92.10
                     Balance of securities held                                                                                                      150,123,656                   7.90
                     Total issued securities                                                                                                       1,899,182,071                100.00

                        Range                                                                                              Total holders                   Units                % Units
                        1 - 1,000                                                                                                  38,112             12,959,271                  0.68
                        1,001 - 5,000                                                                                             18,549             41,563,068                    2.19
                        5,001 - 10,000                                                                                             2,923             20,601,988                    1.08
                        10,001 - 100,000                                                                                            1,671             35,589,311                   1.87
                        100,001 Over                                                                                                  101        1,788,468,433                    94.17
                        Total                                                                                                     61,356           1,899,182,071                100.00

                 There were 715 Securityholders with less than a marketable parcel in relation to 2,853 securities as at 31 July 2024.

                        Substantial Securityholders1                                                                                                             Number of securities
                        Vanguard Group                                                                                                                                 167,546,666
                        Blackrock Group                                                                                                                                162,980,356
                        Leader Investment Corporation, China Investment Corporation                                                                                      149,918,913
                        State Street Corporation                                                                                                                        139,135,367
                        1. In accordance with latest Substantial Securityholder Notices as at 31 July 2024.

                 Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited CHESS Depository Interests. ASX reserves the right (but without limiting its absolute discretion) to remove Goodman Logistics (HK)
                 Limited, Goodman Limited and Goodman Industrial Trust from the official list of the ASX if a CHESS Depository Interest (CDI) referencing an ordinary share in Goodman
                 Logistics (HK) Limited, a share in Goodman Limited or a unit in Goodman Industrial Trust cease to be stapled, or any new securities are issued by Goodman Logistics (HK)
                 Limited, Goodman Limited or Goodman Industrial Trust and are not (or CDIs in respect of them are not) stapled to equivalent securities in the Goodman Group.

                 Voting rights. On a show of hands at a general meeting of Goodman Limited or Goodman Industrial Trust, every person present who is an eligible Securityholder shall have
                 one vote and on a poll, every person present who is an eligible Securityholder shall have one vote for each Goodman Limited share and one vote for each dollar value of
                 Goodman Industrial Trust units that the eligible Securityholder holds or represents (as the case may be). At a general meeting of Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, all
                 resolutions will be determined by poll, and eligible Securityholders will be able to direct Chess Depositary Nominees Pty Limited to cast one vote for each Chess Depositary
                 Instrument (referencing a Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited share) that the eligible Securityholder holds or represents (as the case may be).

                 Securityholder approval of securities. During the financial year 16,886,507 performance rights were issued under the Long Term Incentive Plan, of which 1,855,000
                 performance rights were issued to Executive Directors with Securityholder approval under ASX Listing Rule 10.14.

                 On-market buy-back. There is no current on-market buy-back.




                                                                                                                                                                                           B1
                                                                         Goodman Group

                 Corporate Directory

                 GOODMAN GROUP                                                   DIRECTORS
                 Goodman Limited                                                 Goodman Limited and Goodman Funds Management Limited
                 ABN 69 000 123 071
                 Company Secretary – Carl Bicego                                 Stephen Johns                   Greg Goodman
                 Goodman Industrial Trust                                        Independent Chairman            Group Chief Executive Officer
                 ASRN 091 213 839                                                Chris Green                     Mark G. Johnson
                 Goodman Funds Management Limited                                Independent Director            Independent Director
                 (Responsible Entity for Goodman Industrial Trust)
                 ABN 48 067 796 641                                              Vanessa Liu                     Danny Peeters
                 AFSL Number 223621                                              Independent Director            Executive Director
                 Company Secretary – Carl Bicego
                                                                                 Belinda Robson              Anthony Rozic
                 Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited                                  Independent Director        Executive Director
                 BRN 59357133




For personal use only
                 ARBN 155 911 149                                                Hilary Spann                    George Zoghbi
                 Company Secretary – Goodman Secretarial Asia Limited            Independent Director            Independent Director
                                                                                 Company Secretary
                 REGISTERED OFFICES                                              Carl Bicego
                 The Hayesbery
                 1-11 Hayes Road                                                 Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited
                 Rosebery NSW 2018
                 GPO Box 4703                                                    Stephen Johns                Kitty Chung
                 Sydney NSW 2001                                                 Independent Chairman        Independent Director
                 Australia
                 Telephone         1300 791 100 (within Australia)               David Collins                   Danny Peeters
                                   +61 2 9230 7400 (outside Australia)           Independent Director            Executive Director
                 Facsimile         +61 2 9230 7444                               Company Secretary
                 Suite 901                                                       Goodman Secretarial Asia Limited
                 Three Pacific Place
                 1 Queen’s Road East
                 Hong Kong                                                       SECURITY REGISTRAR
                 Telephone         +852 2249 3100                                Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
                 Facsimile         +852 2525 2070                                Level 5, 115 Grenfell Street
                 Email             info-au@goodman.com                           Adelaide SA 5000 Australia
                 Website           goodman.com                                   GPO Box 2975
                                                                                 Melbourne, VIC 3001 Australia
                 REGISTERED OFFICES                                              Telephone        1300 723 040 (within Australia)
                 Amsterdam          Hong Kong         Paris                                       +61 3 9415 4043 (outside Australia)
                 Barcelona          London            Pennsylvania               Facsimile        +61 3 9473 2500
                 Beijing            Los Angeles       San Francisco              Email            web.queries@computershare.com.au
                 Brussels           Luxembourg        São Paulo                  Website          computershare.com
                 Birmingham         Madrid            Shanghai
                 Brisbane           Melbourne         Shenzhen
                 Chongqing          Milan             Sydney                     ASX CODE
                 Düsseldorf         Munich            Tokyo
                                                                                 GMG
                 Guangzhou          New Jersey
                 Hamburg            Osaka                                        AUDITOR
                                                                                 KPMG
                                                                                 Level 38, Tower Three International Towers Sydney
                                                                                 300 Barangaroo Avenue
                                                                                 Sydney NSW 2000 Australia




                                                                                                                                                 C1
                                                                                   Goodman Group




For personal use only
                 Disclaimer: This document has been prepared by Goodman Group (Goodman Limited (ABN 69 000 123 071), Goodman Funds
                 Management Limited (ABN 48 067 796 641; AFSL Number 223621) as the Responsible Entity for Goodman Industrial Trust (ARSN 091
                 213 839) and Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited ( BRN 59357133; ARBN 155 911 149 - a Hong Kong company with limited liability)). It is not
                 intended to be relied upon as advice to investors or potential investors and does not take into account the investment objectives,
                 financial situation or needs of any particular investor. These should be considered, with professional advice, when deciding if an
                 investment is appropriate. This document uses operating profit and operating earnings per security (EPS) to present a clear view of the
                 underlying profit from operations. Operating profit comprises profit attributable to Securityholders adjusted for net property valuations
                 gains, non-property impairment losses, net gains/losses from the fair value movements on derivative financial instruments and unrealised
                 fair value and foreign exchange movements on interest bearing liabilities and other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring items e.g. the
                 share based payments expense associated with Goodman’s Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP). A reconciliation to statutory profit is
                 provided on page 17 of the Directors' Report. This document contains certain “forward-looking statements”. The words “anticipate”,
                 “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “forecast”, “estimate”, “likely”, “intend”, “should”, “could”, “may”, “target”, “plan” and other similar expressions
                 are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Indications of, and guidance on, future earnings and financial position and
                 performance as well as expectations, objectives and assumptions in our climate change and sustainability related statements are also
                 forward-looking statements. Due care and attention have been used in the preparation of forecast information. Such forward-looking
                 statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of
                 which are beyond the control of Goodman Group, that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in
                 such statements. Past performance of any product described in this document is not a reliable indication of future performance. Neither
                 the Goodman Group, nor any other person, gives any representation, warranty, assurance or guarantee that the occurrence of the events
                 expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements in this document will actually occur. Due to the inherent uncertainty and
                 limitations in measuring greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and operational energy consumption under the calculation methodologies
                 used in the preparation of such data, GHG emissions and operational energy consumption data or references to GHG emissions and
                 operational energy consumption volumes (including ratios or percentages) in the sustainability content published in this document may
                 include estimates. There can be no assurance that actual outcomes will not differ materially from these statements. All values are
                 expressed in Australian currency unless otherwise stated. This document does not constitute an offer, invitation, solicitation,
                 recommendation or advice with respect to the issue, purchase or sale of any stapled securities or other financial products in the
                 Goodman Group. It does not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities in the United States or to any
                 “US person” (as defined in Regulation S under the US Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act) (US Person). Securities may not
                 be offered or sold in the United States or to US Persons unless they are registered under the Securities Act or an exemption from
                 registration is available. The stapled securities of Goodman Group have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or
                 the securities laws of any state or jurisdiction of the US. August 2024.
For personal use only
