For personal use only
                        26 September 2018



                        The Manager
                        Company Notices Section
                        ASX Limited
                        Exchange Centre
                        20 Bridge Street
                        Sydney NSW 2000



                        Dear Sir / Madam,

                        Goodman Group (Goodman) – Stakeholder Review and 2018 Annual Report

                        The Goodman Stakeholder Review and 2018 Annual Report (incorporating the consolidated
                        financial reports for Goodman Limited, Goodman Industrial Trust, and Goodman Logistics HK
                        Limited) was dispatched to Securityholders today.

                        The Reports and covering letter are attached.

                        Yours sincerely




                        Carl Bicego
                        Company Secretary


                        enc




                         Goodman Group
                         Goodman Limited | ABN 69 000 123 071
                         Goodman Funds Management Limited | ABN 48 067 796 641 | AFSL Number 223621
                         as responsible entity of Goodman Industrial Trust | ARSN 091213 839
                         Level 17, 60 Castlereagh Street, Sydney NSW 2000 | GPO Box 4703, Sydney NSW 2001 Australia
                         Tel +61 2 9230 7400 | Fax +61 2 9230 7444
                         Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited | Company No. 1700359 | ARBN 155 911 149 | a Hong Kong company with limited liability
                         Suite 901, Three Pacific Place, 1 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong | Tel +852 2249 3100 | Fax +852 2525 2070
                         info-au@goodman.com | www.goodman.com
                        26 September 2018




For personal use only
                        Dear Securityholder

                        Goodman Group – Stakeholder Review and 2018 Annual Report

                        We are pleased to present the Goodman Stakeholder Review and Annual Report for 2018. The
                        Stakeholder Review provides a comprehensive presentation of Goodman’s global business for our
                        Securityholders, Partners and customers.

                        The Annual Report includes the consolidated financial reports for Goodman Limited (being for the entire
                        consolidated Goodman Group), Goodman Industrial Trust and Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited. The
                        online versions are also available at www.goodman.com.

                        Goodman has produced another strong performance in FY18. These results are underpinned by the
                        expertise of our people and the consistent long-term decision making and collaboration across our
                        international businesses. We capitalised on market conditions and continued to deliver consistent and
                        sustainable growth, which saw a solid operating profit of $846 million, up 9% on FY17. We delivered
                        operating earnings per security of 46.7 cents, up 8.3% on FY17 and distribution per security of 28.0
                        cents, up 8.1% on FY17.

                        The Group’s strategy is designed to deliver sustainable performance over the long-term and we have
                        continued to concentrate our portfolio in infill and urban locations providing our customers with proximity
                        to their consumers. These portfolio decisions have driven our operational performance this year and with
                        market conditions favourable at present, the outlook for FY19 is positive, with forecast EPS growth of 7%
                        on FY18.

                        Annual General Meetings
                        The Annual General Meetings for the Goodman entities will be held at 10.00am (Sydney time) on
                        Thursday, 15 November 2018 at The Westin Sydney, Heritage Ballroom, No 1 Martin Place, Sydney
                        NSW. The Notice of Meetings and Proxy Forms will be dispatched to Securityholders on 12 October
                        2018.

                        Thank you for your support over the past year.

                        Yours sincerely,




                        Gregory Goodman
                        Group Chief Executive Officer
                        Goodman Group
                        Goodman Limited | ABN 69 000 123 071
                        Goodman Funds Management Limited | ABN 48 067 796 641 | AFSL Number 223621
                        as responsible entity of Goodman Industrial Trust | ARSN 091213 839
                        Level 17, 60 Castlereagh Street, Sydney NSW 2000 | GPO Box 4703, Sydney NSW 2001 Australia
                        Tel +61 2 9230 7400 | Fax +61 2 9230 7444
                        Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited | Company No. 1700359 | ARBN 155 911 149 | a Hong Kong company with limited liability
                        Suite 901, Three Pacific Place, 1 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong | Tel +852 2249 3100 | Fax +852 2525 2070
                        info-au@goodman.com | www.goodman.com
For personal use only
                 MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS
                         AMELIA IS SIX YEARS OLD AND PART OF GENERATION Z. SHE LIVES WITH HER
                           PARENTS 25 MINUTES FROM THE CITY CENTRE AND IS GROWING UP IN AN
                        ON-DEMAND ERA WHERE MOST NEEDS AND DESIRES ARE ABLE TO BE MET 24/7.

                                        GOODMAN GROUP STAKEHOLDER REVIEW 2018
        002                                  goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
        		                          IT ’ S NO T ENOUGH T O SIMPLY W ISH FOR
                        THE L ONG -TERM W ITH DE TERMINATION AND DRI V E .
                          C ONS TANTLY CHANGING AND T O BE PAR T OF THE
            T O NE W W A Y S OF W ORK ING . IT ’ S IN THIS W A Y W E AIM
                           NEED T O SUC CEED B Y PRO V IDING SUS TAINABL E
              HIGH- QUAL IT Y L OC ATIONS . W E AC TI V ELY PUR SUE THE
                THE SPACE THE Y NEED T O GRO W AND PUSH US AL L A
                         FUTURE OF THE PL ANE T AND AL L THE PEOPL E IN
                          RE SPONSIBIL IT Y AND W E CHOO SE T O W ORK W ITH
                             IT ’ S ONE OF THE REAS ONS W E PAR TNER W ITH
                        S TRI V ING T O MAK E A DIFFERENCE FOR THO SE W HO
                 IS NO T A SINGUL AR PUR SUIT. NOR IS IT ONE THAT IS
                          IS T O MAK E IT A PO S SIBIL IT Y FOR E V ER Y ONE B Y
                                          THIS IS GOODMAN               001




For personal use only
                GREATNE S S . W E NEED T O C OMMIT T O IT FOR
                AT GOODMAN, W E UNDER S TAND THE W ORL D IS
                FUTURE W E MUS T REMAIN AGIL E AND OPEN
                T O GI V E OUR C US T OMER S THE SPACE THE Y
                S OL UTIONS AND UNPARAL L EL ED SER V ICE IN
                V ER Y BE S T PEOPL E . AND W E GI V E THO SE PEOPL E
                L IT TL E FUR THER . W E C ARE ABOUT THE
                IT. W E BEL IE V E SUS TAINABIL IT Y IS OUR
                PEOPLE AND ORGANISATIONS WHO FEEL THE SAME.
                CHARITIE S AL L O V ER THE W ORL D W HO ARE
                C AN’ T ALW A Y S SEE A W A Y FOR W ARD . GREATNE S S
                EAS Y T O REACH. BUT AT GOODMAN OUR V ISION
                MAKING SPACE FOR IT IN EVERY THING WE DO.
        002                                                       goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
                                              04 08 18
                                                THIS IS GOODMAN           MAKING SPACE
                                                                          FOR SHARED SUCCESS
                                                                                               FIT FOR
                                                                                               PURPOSE

                                                                          Chairman’s letter    Group CEO’s letter




        Goodman Commerce Center Eastvale, Los Angeles, USA.
                                                            CONTENTS                                                                       003




For personal use only
                28 56 86 98
                 MAKING SPACE
                 FOR GREATNESS
                                          PEOPLE PLANET
                                          AND PERFORMANCE
                                                               GOODMAN’S
                                                               GLOBAL NETWORK
                                                                                                    CORPORATE
                                                                                                    INFORMATION

                 30     The Future        58 People            88      Australia                    98 Board of Directors
                 36     The Customer      70 Planet            90      New Zealand                  100 Five year financial summary
                 42     The Team player   80 Performance       92      Asia                         102 Securities information
                 48     The Changemaker                        94      Europe                       103 Corporate directory
                                                               96      The Americas




                                                                                 All figures in this report are in AUD unless otherwise stated.
        004             goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
                                          THIS IS GOODMAN                                                           005




                        THIS IS GOODMAN
                                                   Goodman is a global industrial property group. We own,
                                                   develop and manage industrial real estate in 17 countries.

                                                   Through our Partnerships, institutional investors access our
                                                   specialist investment management services and property
                                                   assets. Our decisions are based on local knowledge and
                                                   are grounded in more than 30 years of experience.




For personal use only
                                                   Goodman thinks big picture and long-term. We have the
                                                   teams, scale, expertise, infrastructure and capital to nourish
                                                   long-term relationships with customers around the world,
                                                   and the flexibility to adapt to their local business needs.

                                                   We service a diverse customer base with specialist
                                                   expertise in:



                                                              LOGISTICS                         E-COMMERCE



                                                              RETAIL                            AUTOMOTIVE



                                                   We built our enduring own+develop+manage model with
                                                   customers at the centre for a single, simple reason: to make
                                                   space for them to succeed. Using this model, everything we
                                                   do centres on their success.
        006             goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
        							                    BY 2050 MORE THAN TWO THIRDS
                                       CHAIRMAN’S LETTER                                                                      007




For personal use only
            OF HUMANITY WILL LIVE IN CITIES.




                                                           Source: United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs, 2018.
        008                goodmAn group 2018




MAKING
For personal use only
                                                SPACE
                         IAN FERRIER AM



                           F OR
                        S H A RE D
                        SUCCESS
                        CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
For personal use only




                        CHAIRMAN’S LETTER




                        009
        010                                            goodmAn group 2018




       Oakdale Industrial Estate, Sydney, Australia.




For personal use only
                                                                                                     CHAIRMAN’S LETTER                                                          011




                                                                                                               Goodman performed very well in FY18 and we are positive,
                                                                                                               too, about the outlook and sustainability of our operating
                                                                                                               platform. Our financial highlights include:

                                                                                                            + Operating profit of $845.9 million, up 9% on FY17
                                                                                                            + Statutory profit of $1,098.2 million
                                                                                                            + $639 million in property valuation gains, contributing to 10%




For personal use only
                        OPERATING EPS (¢)                                                                      year-on-year growth in net tangible assets to $4.64 per security
                                                                                                            + Operating earnings per security (EPS) of 46.7 cents, up 8.3%
                        FY14                                             34.8
                                                                                                               on FY17
                        FY15                                               37.2                             + Distribution per security (DPS) of 28.0 cents, up 8.1% on FY17
                        FY16                                                    40.1                        + Maintaining a strong financial position with balance sheet
                                                                                                               gearing stable at 5.1%, down from 5.9% in FY17
                        FY17                                                       43.1
                                                                                                            + Group liquidity at $3.4 billion
                        FY18                                                             46.7               + Total Securityholder return of 26% over one year,
                                                                                                               69.5% over three years and 135.2% over five years.

                        STATUTORY PROFIT ($m)                                                                  Culture is key
                                                                                                               These financial results directly reflect the successful execution
                        FY14                                657
                                                                                                               of Goodman’s long-term strategy. While the numbers are
                        FY15                                                        1,208                      strong, I’m equally proud of the performance of our people.
                        FY16                                                             1,275                 Goodman’s culture is characterised by quality across all
                                                                                                               aspects of the business – our people, our products and
                        FY17                                      778
                                                                                                               our service.
                        FY18                                                    1,098

                                                                                                               In the last three years, Goodman has run an internal
                                                                                                               programme to instil the importance of the Group’s values in
                        OPERATING PROFIT ($m)                                                                  our global team. We want everyone to understand our values
                                                                                                               and the behaviours needed to support our long-term success.
                        FY14                                             601
                                                                                                               Management has put significant focus across all our markets
                        FY15                                                 654                               in creating the right culture and equipping our teams to act in
                        FY16                                                      715                          our stakeholders’ best interests.
                        FY17                                                             776
                                                                                                               We have scrutinised both our work culture and professional
                        FY18                                                                   846             behaviour and continue to strive for strong ethics and
                                                                                                               corporate governance. We encourage a disciplined approach,
                                                                                                               with management leading by example in being transparent
                        GEARING (%)                                                                            and modest in their dealings.
                        FY14                                                             19.5
                                                                                                               We are satisfied we’re in a healthy position that supports our
                        FY15                                                      17.3                         business long-term. Yet even so, we never lose sight of how
                        FY16                                      11.8                                         important it is to have the right team to foster the right culture
                                                                                                               at a local and global level.
                        FY17                      5.9

                        FY18                   5.1




                        TOTAL SECURITYHOLDER RETURN (TSR) (%)
                                      12.1
                        1 Year
                                             26.0


                                             27.9
                        3 Years
                                                              69.5


                                                          59.7
                        5 Years
                                                                                               135.2


                          ASX100 Total Return %         GMG Total Return %
        012                                                       goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
        Sustaining success
        Delivering on the Group’s long-term strategy is contingent
        on creating a culture that aligns the interests of our people
        and our Securityholders. In a highly competitive environment,
        with a business reliant upon having the best people to deliver
        the strategy, the Group has outperformed the ASX100 largely
        due to its ability to motivate, focus and retain its people.

        Goodman’s remuneration strategy ensures the balance between
        fixed pay and performance-based remuneration is aligned
        to Securityholders’ long-term interests; that is, sustainable
        long-term EPS growth and, ultimately, investment returns.
        Securityholders and Goodman team members are mutually
        impacted by our performance, with Securityholders’ interests
        met before short-term incentive awards are paid or long-term
        incentives vest. There is significant emphasis on long-term
        incentives for all team members, which are at risk with a three-
        year testing period and vesting over three-to-five years.

        Both Securityholders and our people have benefited from
        Goodman’s sustained strong growth. In an era when
        employees expect companies to develop their skills as well
        as provide opportunities for people to share in the company’s
        success, Goodman’s global incentive scheme is a crucial
        offering. It offers significant performance-based rewards to
        all, as opposed to a few. We believe this has been a key point
        of difference in creating a collaborative culture focused on
        sustained success.

        In this Stakeholder Review, we show how we are continuing
        to build a sustainable business by delivering a strong financial
        result while striving to make a positive impact on people and
        the planet.

        This includes supporting communities and charities in the
        markets we operate in, creating a culture in which our people
        are developing to their fullest capacity, and ensuring our
        buildings are energy efficient and environmentally sustainable.
For personal use only




                        CHAIRMAN’S LETTER




                        013
        014             goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
                        CHAIRMAN’S LETTER                                                          015




For personal use only
                                  Board changes
                                  There have been some changes to the Goodman Board.

                                  We welcome Ms Penny Winn to the Board as an
                                  Independent Director of Goodman Limited and Goodman
                                  Funds Management Limited and a member of the Risk
                                  and Compliance and Audit Committees. We also welcome
                                  Mr David Collins as an Independent Director of Goodman
                                  Logistics (HK) Limited.

                                  After more than 12 years serving on the Board through the
                                  good and also the challenging times, Mr Jim Sloman, OAM,
                                  will be retiring. I thank him for his significant contribution
                                  to Goodman.

                                  Thank you
                                  I would like to acknowledge Goodman’s strong and committed
                                  team for the execution of our strategy and contribution to
                                  FY18’s outstanding results. The team is delivering a
                                  sustainable business into the future and I would like to thank
                                  them, our Partners, investors and our customers for their
                                  continued support.




                                  Mr Ian Ferrier AM
                                  Independent Chairman
        016                   goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
        				            BY 2020 THERE WILL BE 2 BILLION PEOPLE IN




        Tokyo, Japan.
                                      GROUP CEO’S LETTER                                                 017




For personal use only
            GEN Z WITH US$3 TRILLION PURCHASING POWER.




                                                           Source: IBM National Retail Federation Study, 2017.
        018             goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
        FIT
                             GROUP CEO’S LETTER   019




For personal use only
                          GREGORY GOODMAN




                        P URP OS E




          OR
                         GROUP CEO’S LETTER
        020                                                     goodmAn group 2018




        At Goodman, we make decisions for the long-term. Our
        strong performance in FY18 is due to years of long-term
        decision-making by our people around the world.

        By taking this approach in all we do – from implementing
        our business strategy to selectively acquiring real estate                   We are constantly
        and working with global stakeholders – we continue to build
                                                                                 evaluating opportunities




For personal use only
        a sustainable business that can meet the expectations of
        our customers, Partners, investors, team members and                      and keeping abreast of
        the community, now and in the future.
                                                                                  changes influenced by
        Our positive results have not caused us to become                          technology and other
        complacent. We are constantly evaluating opportunities and
        keeping abreast of changes influenced by technology and
                                                                                      market drivers.
        other market drivers. To complement this, we have created an
        environment that enables us to be flexible and capitalise on
        the opportunities that will deliver on our long-term strategy.




        Wrocław South Logistics Centre, Wrocław, Poland.
                                         GROUP CEO’S LETTER                                 021




For personal use only
                        FY18 results
                        Goodman produced another strong result. I’m proud of our
                        global team, with all regions consistently executing our strategy
                        and delivering for our customers and Investment Partners.
                        We are in a solid position for the year ahead.

                        The headline numbers in this year’s results reflect the positive
                        performance of our underlying operations.

                        Our portfolio is of high quality and our properties around the
                        world continue to drive our operational result. We saw property
                        fundamentals steadily improve during the year, achieving
                        like-for-like net property income growth of 3.2% and 98%
                        occupancy across the portfolio.

                        Strong customer demand globally is driving our development
                        workbook and we’ve increased work in progress to $3.6 billion
                        across 80 projects in 12 countries. Importantly, the majority
                        of our development work is in our Partnerships, resulting
                        in efficient capital deployment for Goodman and enhanced
                        returns for our Partners.

                        Goodman’s Partnerships continued to perform strongly, with
                        15% average return for our Partners this year. External assets
                        under management also grew to $35.1 billion. This was
                        driven by $2.8 billion in revaluation gains and $3.5 billion in
                        development completions across the Group and Partnerships.
        022                                                       goodmAn group 2018




        Change equals opportunity
        Our industry as well as our customers’ industries, are going
        through transformational change, providing challenges, but
        opportunities too.

        Advances in technology, changes in consumer behaviour, and
        the concentration of our portfolio in key urban centres continue




For personal use only
        to drive customer demand for industrial space, while generating
        positive returns for our Investment Partners.

        In this evolving environment, it is essential to be proactive,
        understand the market and provide flexible solutions to help
        our customers service their customers.                                         Outlook


                                                                                       $913m
        Having the right property in the right location is critical to our
        customers’ success. They want to be close to consumers and
        operate at maximum efficiency. That’s why we’re seeing greater                 Operating profit
        investment in warehouses – in technology, in seeking out                         up 8% on FY18
        premium locations and in commitment to extended leases.

        The year ahead
        To support future returns – as well as development activity
                                                                                       50¢
                                                                                       Operating EPS
        and asset growth – we’ll be looking to more intensive use of                     up 7% on FY18
        Goodman’s existing sites and their timely development into

                                                                                       30¢
        higher value assets.

        With market conditions expected to remain favourable                           DPS
        for FY19, the outlook across our business is positive.                           up 7% on FY18
                        GROUP CEO’S LETTER                                             023




For personal use only


                                             Hamburg II Logistics Centre, Hamburg, Germany.
        024             goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
                                  GROUP CEO’S LETTER                                                       025




For personal use only
                         We’re looking beyond the
                        financial metrics to ensure
                           we build a sustainable
                        business for the long-term.

                                            Long-term sustainability
                                            While we’re pleased with our positive results, we always strive
                                            to do better. We’re looking beyond the financial metrics to
                                            ensure we build a sustainable business for the long-term.

                                            We’re doing this in a number of ways. We’re designing the
                                            best properties in the best locations, so our customers can
                                            do even better for their customers. We’re creating a workplace
                                            where our people can reach their full potential. And we’re
                                            sharing our resources with the Goodman Foundation partners
                                            to support charities in their own missions.

                                            We’re not content with good at Goodman – we strive to be
                                            great. And we want our stakeholders to achieve greatness
                                            too. This couldn’t be achieved without the hard work and
                                            dedication of our people around the world. I would like to
                                            sincerely thank the team and, on behalf of them, extend my
                                            gratitude to all our stakeholders for their ongoing support.




                                            Mr Gregory Goodman
                                            Group Chief Executive Officer
        026             goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
        							                              BY 2025 OVER US$67 BILLION
                                      GROUP CEO’S LETTER                                     027




For personal use only
            WILL BE INVESTED INTO ROBOTICS.




                                                           Source: Boston Consulting Group, 2014.
        028             goodmAn group 2018




    MAKING

For personal use only
    SPACE
    FOR
    GREATN
                        MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS                                                                       029




                                      Meet Amelia*, Andrew*, Anna* and
                                      Deborah. They’re why we exist.
                                      They’re our valued customers, our
                                      team members, and our community.
                                      They’re also our future. Learn how




For personal use only
                                      we’re making space for them
                                      to succeed.


                                      Our stakeholders’ needs are many and varied and keep
                                      evolving as the world does.

                                      At Goodman, we develop close relationships with our
                                      stakeholders, so we can help them reach their full potential.
                                      We don’t pretend to have all the answers, but we do believe
                                      we can have a lasting positive impact and make greatness
                                      a possibility for them.

                                      To be a vital player in a world of constant change, Goodman
                                      knows it must stay open to new ways of working. We have
                                      the best people and give them space to grow and push us
                                      all a little further. We give our customers the space they need
                                      to succeed by providing unparalleled service and sustainable
                                      solutions in high-quality locations.

                                      We care about the future of the planet and the people in it.
                                      We believe sustainability is our responsibility and we choose to
                                      work with people and organisations that feel the same. It’s one
                                      of the reasons we partner with charities all over the world who
                                      are striving to make a difference to the lives of those who can’t
                                      always see a way forward.

                                      Greatness is not a singular pursuit, nor is it always easy to
                                      reach. But Goodman’s vision is to make it a possibility for
                                      everyone by making space for it in everything we do.

                                      Our first step is looking at the world through our
                                      stakeholders’ eyes.




             ESS                      *These characters have been created based on typical attributes or traits of our
                                      stakeholder groups.
        030




                                             THE


For personal use only
                                 Amelia is six years old and part of Generation Z.
                         She lives with her parents 25 minutes from the city centre.
                         It is likely she will keep living in, or close to, the city as she
                        becomes an adult. Unlike her parents, who both have a car,
                        she probably won’t. In fact, she’s less likely to get a driver’s
                          licence than the generations that came before. She’ll opt
                           for public transport or a ride share service of the future.
                        By this time, too, car travel will be electric and/or driverless.




                                 FUTURE
                        MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS   031




For personal use only
        032                                         goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
                                                              Amelia is growing up in an on-demand era where most
                                                              needs and desires are able to be met 24/7. She uses a
                                                              tablet or phone for education and play – every day. Her
                                                              family shops online for her clothes, school equipment and
                                                              toys. Amelia expects her deliveries to arrive on the same
                                                              day. She understands if she has to wait until the next day
                                                              but feels frustrated nevertheless.

                                                              Groceries are home delivered and, as a treat, Amelia gets
                                                              her favourite pasta dish delivered from a menu she knows
                                                              well from a restaurant she’s never been to.

                                                              Amelia is both a digital and social native. As she gets older
                                                              she will start to think about fairness and equality. She will
                                                              support causes that help to address poverty and world
                                                              hunger. She’ll care about the environment and, as a city-
                                                              dweller, about parks and green spaces because respite
                  The digital knowledge of                    and clean air are vital for her physical and mental wellbeing.

                  Gen Zers often exceeds                      When choosing where she’ll work, it will be important to
                 that of older members of                     Amelia that her employer is purposeful and transparent.
                                                              She will have grown up in an era where everyone can publish
                 their households and can                     ‘news’, so will be sensitive to inauthentic behaviour and
                influence family members’                     attitudes. As such, she will believe everyone is accountable
                                                              for their actions and that corporations must address
                     paths to purchase.                       humanitarian and environmental issues.

                                                              Amelia might work in education, healthcare or science, or
                                                              have a job that does not yet exist. She will want to innovate,
                                                              collaborate and co-create and she won’t want to advance
                                                              through a company in a linear fashion. Like her baby boomer
                                                              grandparents, she’ll be willing to work hard but she’ll want a
                                                              career and a family life without compromising on either. She’ll
                                                              expect flexible working conditions and the ability to shape her
        Source: National Retail Federation, 2017.             own schedule and fulfil her role from wherever suits her best.
                                                                  MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS   033




                 URBANISATION
                 More people are living in cities now than ever
                 before and this number is set to grow. That’s
                 why Goodman’s properties are in key urban
                 centres where there are large populations of
                 consumers adopting new technologies and
                 embracing e-commerce.




For personal use only
                 Goodman Interlink, Hong Kong, China.
        034                                            goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
       FLEXIBLE
       WORK
        Goodman believes in working smart. Our
        people are empowered to manage their own
        time to balance personal commitments with
        our stakeholders’ needs. Our commitment
        extends beyond formal flexible work policies
        to what we call flexible work practices. We
        provide the right tools, workspaces and
        technology to allow the team to work from
        anywhere to maximise their efficiency.
                                                                      MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS                                                                       035




                 SOCIAL
                 CONSCIENCE
                 The Goodman Foundation creates positive
                 social change in the communities it operates
                 in. Through its programmes, Goodman and its




For personal use only
                 people contribute in tangible ways including
                 volunteering and in-kind aid such as business
                 space or cash grants. Positive outcomes
                 include enabling SOS Children’s Villages to
                 carry out its work to help thousands of children
                 in Europe, as well as supporting Feeding
                 Hong Kong so it can deliver 3.2 million meals
                 to those in need.




                                                                    Good360 Australia, a Goodman Foundation partner.




                                                                                                                       E-COMMERCE
                                                                                                                       GROWTH
                                                                                                                       In 2017, global e-commerce sales hit
                                                                                                                       US$2.3 trillion*. This figure is expected to
                                                                                                                       reach more than US$4.9 trillion in 2021*.
                                                                                                                       E-retailers are racing to hasten deliveries
                                                                                                                       of online orders and this fundamental shift
                                                                                                                       is driving demand for logistics facilities in
                                                                                                                       Goodman’s operating markets.




                                                                                                                       *Source: Statista, 2018.
        036




                                               THE


For personal use only
                             Andrew is the Logistics and Supply Chain Director for an
                         online fashion retailer. It delivers clothes and shoes to a global
                              network of retail stores, as well as directly to customers.
                        Andrew needs the best property partner for his business. For him,
                         it’s about the right site in the right location. His business offers
                          same and next-day delivery to customers in the region, so it’s
                             essential he finds a location close to major urban centres.




                           CUSTOMER
                        MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS   037




For personal use only
        038                                goodmAn group 2018




                                                     To compete, Andrew needs his supply chain at maximum
                                                     efficiency, which for him means the latest technology and
                                                     automation. Things move fast, so staying adaptive and flexible
                                                     is crucial. He wants his property partner to help him grow,
                                                     which may mean helping him to re-design his facility to update
                                                     its automated sorting equipment.




For personal use only
                                                     Andrew needs a property partner who understands future
                                                     challenges better than he does. He wants to deal with
                     He wants to deal with           specialists who have the right locations, or land available
                   specialists who have the          on which to develop new facilities. He wants to feel confident
                                                     his partner can manage his real estate needs so he can
                    right locations, or land         concentrate on his core work: distributing products to customers.
                     available on which to           Numerous providers can offer Andrew a suitable facility but
                    develop new facilities.          more than that, he values:

                                                   + Great customer service – responsive, experienced and with
                                                     a long-term view of working together over a number of years
                                                   + Quality – Andrew’s distributors will visit his facility, so it
                                                     must have a professional presentation, be well built and be
                                                     scrupulously maintained. He needs it to reflect positively on
                                                     his business and motivate his workforce.

                                                     Andrew cares about the future and knows his customers do
                                                     too. He wants success that’s not at the expense of the planet
                                                     and he knows a lot about how fashion manufacturing impacts
                                                     the environment. He constantly looks for ways to embrace an
                                                     ethical mindset and embed sustainable practices into projects.

                                                     His company is proud of its commitment to sustainability and
                                                     social responsibility. It uses ethically sourced materials and
                                                     expects its facility to manufacture sustainably. To this end, it’s
                                                     important the facility is energy efficient with consideration given
                                                     to solar panels, LED lights and water recycling.

                                                     Andrew is cost conscious, but he doesn’t want to cut corners
                                                     or compromise quality. His company takes care of its people
                                                     and views them as an asset. To attract top talent, he knows
                                                     he needs to provide convenient transport connections and the
                                                     best amenities, such as well-designed breakout zones, cafés,
                                                     gyms and outdoor areas.
                        MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS                                                   039




For personal use only

                                                     FLEXIBLE
                                                     Goodman knows there is no single way to
                                                     do something, only the right way for each
                                                     customer. Our team works closely with
                                                     customers to understand their current and
                                                     future needs. We know there are many
                                                     drivers of change, so our solutions need
                                                     to not only be functional, but also flexible.
        040                                                       goodmAn group 2018




        SUSTAINABLE
        Goodman’s world-class logistics spaces
        are sustainable, resilient and innovative.
        Our properties provide long-term value for
        our Partners, customers and communities
        and all our developments in FY18 included
        sustainable design features.




For personal use only
                                                     Goodman Sakai, Tokyo, Japan.




                                                                                       INDUSTRIAL
                                                                                       PROPERTY
                                                                                       SPECIALISTS
                                                                                       We specialise in industrial property and have
                                                                                       over 30 years of experience. We bring global
                                                                                       innovations to our local customers. Our team
                                                                                       has a proven track record in delivering on all
                                                                                       aspects of property procurement on time and
                                                                                       customised to our customers’ needs.
                        MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS                                                     041




                                                     FASTER
                                                     To compete, it’s critical to get goods
                                                     to consumers as quickly as possible.
                                                     Goodman’s properties are close to key
                                                     infrastructure links such as roads, rail, ports
                                                     and airports, providing rapid connectivity
                                                     to a large population of consumers.




For personal use only
        042




                                            THE


For personal use only
                         Anna is a Portfolio Manager at Goodman. In her eight years
                        with the business, she’s seen lots of change in society and at
                         work. When Anna started at Goodman, she sat at the same
                        desktop computer every day and travelled from Goodman’s
                        city office to see her customers. Today, Anna prefers to work
                         from a satellite office at a Goodman property. She’s closer
                               to her customers and can be a lot more efficient.




         TEAM PLAYER
                        MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS   043




For personal use only
        044                                  goodmAn group 2018




                                                       As a Portfolio Manager, Anna ensures her properties are
                                                       managed for the long-term and are of exceptional quality.
                                                       This includes the highest possible standard of maintenance,
                                                       presentation and property administration. Anna also manages
                                                       a team which helps her in this customer-focused role.
                        She must be highly             As a working mother with two children, efficiency and flexibility




For personal use only
                          responsive and               are critical. Her days are spent juggling the logistics of work
                        ensure processes               and family life. Anna and her partner jointly manage school
                                                       drop-offs, picks-ups and extra-curricular activities while
                         stay seamless for             maintaining full-time workloads.
                          colleagues and               When she’s not in the office, Anna remains connected to her
                            customers.                 customers, colleagues and peers. Working standard office
                                                       hours from a single location doesn’t work for her – or her
                                                       customers or family. She must be highly responsive and
                                                       ensure processes stay seamless for colleagues and customers.
                                                       For Anna, technology makes this possible, coupled with a
                                                       genuinely flexible workplace.

                                                       Technological change has transformed Anna’s work and
                                                       personal life. She values innovation and enjoys the flexibility
                                                       new technologies have delivered. She is concerned, however,
                                                       by digital connectivity’s impact on face-to-face time so she
                                                       endeavours to see her customers in person as much as
                                                       possible. She enjoys being onsite to get a hands-on sense
                                                       of what makes her customers’ businesses tick, and what they
                                                       really need from Goodman.

                                                       To give back more broadly, she canvasses concrete
                                                       opportunities to support the homeless or raise money for
                                                       charity. Events such as this are great ways to spend time
                                                       bonding with her team too. Fairness and equality are part of
                                                       Anna’s values, so she expects respect from her employer and
                                                       team members, always, and works to provide the same.

                                                       Like all Goodman people globally, Anna has been fortunate
                                                       to benefit from the company’s success through its Long-Term
                                                       Incentive Plan. The scheme makes her feel like a part-owner in
                                                       the company, motivating her to work hard and take a long-term
                                                       approach to her decision-making.

                                                       She understands that her success depends on the success
                                                       of Goodman’s customers, Partners and investors. She wants
                                                       to feel she is a significant contributor and that she can continue
                                                       to build a career at Goodman, so she can be confident about
                                                       the future.
                                MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS                                                                        045




                                                                                      SERVICE
                                                                                      We know our customers. With their help, we
                                                                                      learn about their business to provide the best
                                                                                      service possible. We always aim to be quick
                                                                                      to respond to enquiries or issues and are
                                                                                      proactive in addressing their current and future
                                                                                      needs. The performance of all team members




For personal use only
                                                                                      is measured by their customer focus.




                                                                                      GIVING BACK
                                                                                      The Goodman Foundation encourages
                                                                                      team members to give back in satisfying
                                                                                      and tangible ways to the communities around
                                                                                      them. Whether it’s supporting the homeless
                                                                                      or raising money for charities, the Goodman
                                                                                      Foundation facilitates the process, and
                                                                                      provides additional financial support.




                        The Goodman team volunteering at Second Harvest Food Bank of Orange County, Los Angeles, USA.
        046                                                       goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
       COLLABORATION
       AND EFFICIENCY
        Goodman takes teamwork seriously. Our workspaces
        follow contemporary design practices to ensure
        maximum collaboration and efficiency. Our offices
        use activity-based working, which is adaptive to our
        people’s diverse daily tasks, and our satellite offices
        and remote options allow our team to service their
        stakeholders in the most effective way.
                                                                              MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS                                            047




                                                                                                           HIGH-QUALITY
                                                                                                           Everyone at Goodman plays a role in
                                                                                                           ensuring our properties are of the highest
                                                                                                           standard. From the quality of the location
                                                                                                           and the construction materials, to the
                                                                                                           overall appearance, all team members are
                                                                                                           responsible. Our teams are trained to notice




For personal use only
                                                                                                           the things that matter, and the result is
                                                                                                           consistently well-presented properties and a
                                                                                                           great working environment for our customers.




                                                                      Goodman Sakai, Tokyo, Japan.




                 ALIGNED
                 INTERESTS
                 Goodman’s Long-Term Incentive Plan motivates
                 our people and focuses on aligning their interests
                 with those of our customers and Securityholders.
                 Broadly, our remuneration structures are aimed at
                 enhancing loyalty. We make space for our people
                 to reach their potential and build the career
                 they’re capable of.
        048




                                            THE


For personal use only
                          As the founder and Chief Executive Officer of food rescue
                          enterprise, KiwiHarvest, Deborah Manning believes access
                        to nutritious food is a human right. In 2014, with support from
                          Goodman, Deborah set up KiwiHarvest, a social enterprise
                         that has grown to deliver 170,000 meals a month to charities
                                  and social service agencies in New Zealand.




 CHANGEMAKER
                        MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS                                                     049




For personal use only



                                                     Deborah Manning, Chief Executive Officer, KiwiHarvest.
        050                                          goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
        Goodman volunteers supporting KiwiHarvest.




                   KiwiHarvest has used Goodman’s long-
                 term commitment to generate measurable
                     social and environmental change.
                        MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS                                                     051




                                      Like its Australian counterpart, OzHarvest, KiwiHarvest
                                      has used Goodman’s long-term commitment to generate
                                      measurable social and environmental change. Each dollar
                                      invested blooms NZ$5.16 in social return on investment.
                                      The enterprise has delivered 5.5 million meals and saved
                                      1.7 million kilos of food from landfill since inception.




For personal use only
                                      For these reasons, Goodman is proud to support KiwiHarvest
                                      as a key charity partner. Deborah explains the organisation’s
                                      journey and how Goodman has contributed to its success in
                                      nourishing those in need.

                                      Bringing KiwiHarvest to life
                                      My background is in healthcare and law. The common thread
                                      in everything I did was people. I genuinely wanted to leave
                                      the world a better place for my children and grandchildren.

                                      One day I read about kids going to school hungry and another
                                      story about ‘dumpster divers’. It was a real ‘ah-ha’ moment.
                                      I began to learn about global food rescue organisations and,
                                      in 2012 in Dunedin, I set up a company called FoodShare.

                                      I’d take day-old bread, and other supplies, to food banks in
                                      my car. Eventually, the car got so full of food I couldn’t see
                                      out the back window. My local car dealer donated a van.

                                      I found out Goodman had supported OzHarvest in Australia
                                      for more than 10 years and was seeking a similar cause in
                                      New Zealand, so I pitched to them. Goodman backed me
                                      in merging FoodShare with KiwiHarvest and has been very
                                      supportive ever since.

                                      Challenges on the way
                                      At first, food businesses were worried they’d be liable. In
                                      reality, there are protections for food donors, so I reassured
                                      them of that. Some concerns lingered, so communication was
                                      key. Our brand was crucial, too, and our robust food handling
                                      processes made sure both were protected.

                                      The other big challenge was financial. Like any rapidly growing
                                      social enterprise, we had to balance our social purpose with
                                      the bottom line.

                                      As our founding partner, Goodman purpose-built our
                                      headquarters and storage facility in Auckland from shipping
                                      containers. We needed lots of freezers and chillers for food.
                                      Goodman liaised with its contractors to make it happen in an
                                      environmentally friendly way: the materials, the energy and
                                      the planning.

                                      Since then, Goodman has made significant annual donations
                                      so our operations can grow. We now have seven refrigerator
                                      trucks and five branches around New Zealand.
        052                                                           goodmAn group 2018




        The right people
        The social enterprise journey is never a straight line. You have
        to be open to ideas and ready to make changes. Goodman’s
        support has allowed us to thrive, take on challenges and
        grab opportunities.

        From there, it’s good people in your organisation that make




For personal use only
        those ideas work. I thought very carefully about the skills
        I needed on the board, for example. We have 17 staff,
        though we can’t pay big salaries.

        This financial year, we had around 5,000 hours volunteered.
        We take care of our volunteers not only because they bring
        irreplaceable value to the business but also because they
        take our message into the community. Every volunteer and
        employee is a brand ambassador for KiwiHarvest.

        Behind the scenes
        We don’t give food face-to-face; we give it to 220 charities

                                                                                   It’s crucial to
        and community groups across New Zealand that run food
        support programmes. Even so, we hear such heart-warming

                                                                                  maintain respect
        stories, like parents saying: “It’s so nice to put fresh fruit in our
        children’s lunch boxes”.

        Children often miss school if they have no food to take.                    and dignity
                                                                                   for everyone,
        Recognising this, some schools offer food support programmes
        and come to us for help. If families are identified as being

                                                                                       always.
        in need, some schools will deliver to their homes. It’s crucial
        to maintain respect and dignity for everyone, always.
                        MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS                                                     053




For personal use only
                                      Space for greatness
                                      When I consider how Goodman makes space for greatness
                                      for us, the words are ‘generosity’ and ‘the big picture’. They
                                      understand the issues facing people and the planet. They
                                      want to address issues and effect change.

                                      KiwiHarvest doesn’t want to stand still on the war on food
                                      waste and Goodman sees that. But sometimes our growth
                                      is so fast we can barely keep up. No matter how fast it is,
                                      Goodman supports, encourages and enables us.

                                      We’re working with the Goodman team now on moving to a
                                      new property in Auckland. It’s wonderful to have a supporter
                                      that doesn’t see a problem but instead sees how to fix it.

                                      Like us, Goodman believes that alleviating food waste to
                                      help solve food security is a no brainer. They also want to
                                      see demonstrable outcomes for their donated dollars and
                                      have appreciated our ability to show that.

                                      KiwiHarvest wouldn’t be where we are today without
                                      Goodman’s support. They’ve been with us all the way.
                                      Our success is thanks to them.
        054                          goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
              E-COMMERCE IS THE FASTEST GROWING SALES CHANNEL. IT’S ALL
                                   MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS                              055




For personal use only
            ABOUT PERSONALISATION CONVENIENCE FLEXIBILITY AND SPEED.




                                                                Source: Business Insider, 2017.
        056             goodmAn group 2018




   PEOPLE

For personal use only
   PLANET
   AND
   PERFOR
                        PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE                                                       057




                                        At Goodman, we believe our
                                        performance is not only measured
                                        by our bottom line but also by
                                        our long-term contribution to our
                                        stakeholders and to the environment.




For personal use only
                                        We give our customers the space they need to succeed,
                                        by providing unparalleled service and sustainable solutions
                                        in high-quality locations.

                                        We give our people the space they need to grow and push
                                        us all a little further. We care about the planet’s future and
                                        the people in it. We believe sustainability is our responsibility
                                        and we choose to work with people and organisations that
                                        feel the same.




             MANCE
        058                                                       goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
        We don’t believe in good. Or good enough. We don’t believe in
        the short-term or taking short cuts. We don’t believe in putting
        business before people or anything before quality.

        Next to our properties, people are our greatest asset. Every
        day, it’s our people who initiate, build and nurture the long-term
        relationships with our stakeholders that are integral to our
        sustainable growth.
                        PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE   059




For personal use only
        060             goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
                                     PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE                                                  061




                          For our teams to deliver to the highest
                          standards, we provide an environment




For personal use only
                        that encourages collaboration, innovation,
                        efficiency and long-term decision making.


                                                     Good to great
                                                     In recent years, Goodman rolled out an internal programme to
                                                     help take us from being a good company to becoming a great
                                                     one. The goal is for all of our people across the 17 countries to
                                                     understand how to:

                                                  + Deliver to the highest standard
                                                  + Work as part of a team that is focused on the customer
                                                  + Consistently adhere to our values
                                                  + Deliver exceptional customer service
                                                  + Help to build a sustainable business for all our stakeholders
                                                  + Avoid complacency and keep excelling.




                                                     For our teams to deliver to the highest standards, we provide
                                                     an environment that encourages collaboration, innovation,
                                                     efficiency and long-term decision-making.

                                                     We’re serious about the health, wellbeing and development
                                                     of our people, and provide local programmes which promote
                                                     workplace health and safety, learning and development, and
                                                     social activities.

                                                     Our flexible work practices make space for the greatness of our
                                                     people, empowering them to manage their own priorities while
                                                     delivering for our stakeholders.
        062                                                       goodmAn group 2018




        Space to collaborate
        Most of our offices are now designed for activity-based
        working. This layout style frees our people from the constraints
        of a single fixed desk and offers them a variety of settings to
        work. The transformational design has led to improved
        wellbeing and overall team satisfaction as well as:
                                                                                  The transformational




For personal use only
   + Greater collaboration, innovation and flexibility
   + Reduced power and paper usage                                              design has led to improved
   + More creativity and team-based work
   + Better communication and less formality
                                                                                wellbeing and overall team
        so decisions are made faster.                                                  satisfaction.



        Goodman office, Auckland, New Zealand.
                                    PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE                        063




For personal use only
                        Goodman office, Auckland, New Zealand.




                        Setting the benchmark high
                        Goodman’s new Auckland city office was developed with a
                        commitment to corporate social responsibility. The office sets
                        a high benchmark for refurbished business space.

                        It is expected to receive a 5 Star Green Star Office Interior
                        rating and features high-quality materials selected for their
                        functionality, longevity and energy efficiency.

                        The new office uses half the energy of the previous office,
                        and team satisfaction and wellbeing have increased due to
                        activity-based working, better spaces and a wider range of
                        end-of-trip and recreational facilities.

                        The meeting rooms were given Māori names with the office
                        also blessed prior to moving in. The use of Te Reo (the Māori
                        language) and the training that staff received in its use and
                        protocols reflect New Zealand’s unique heritage and are
                        consistent with a business acknowledging the diversity
                        of its population.

                        Meanwhile, around 90% of waste building materials were
                        recycled, including used furniture and equipment. This
                        minimised landfill waste and the proceeds from the goods
                        sold were directed to the Goodman Foundation.

                        While it was a complex project, with a challenging budget and
                        deadline, the result was a great outcome for our New Zealand
                        team members.
        064                                                       goodmAn group 2018




        Our customers
        Our customers are at the centre of our own+develop+manage
        business model.

        We work closely with them to understand their needs and build
        strong relationships. All customers have direct access to a
        dedicated team trained to manage their requirements.




For personal use only
        We use customer feedback to constantly improve our service.
        We conduct global customer research to enable us to meet
        expectations and, if our performance slips, we’ll correct it.

        Our customers are leveraging our global experience to expand
        their business across borders. We’re increasingly working with
        them to source warehousing solutions in multiple markets.
        Sixty-five percent of our top twenty customers now have
        Goodman properties in more than one country. This is a
        trend we expect to grow among our 1,600+ customer base.




        TOP 20 CUSTOMERS
        (by net income – look through basis)

        Amazon                                                           4.5%

        Deutsche Post (DHL)                                3.1%

        Japan Post (Toll)                           1.8%

        Wesfarmers                             1.5%

        DB Schenker                            1.5%

        Iron Mountain                        1.3%

        Safeway Inc.                         1.3%

        Linfox                              1.2%

        Georgia-Pacific                     1.2%

        Equinix                       0.9%

        Fuji Xerox                   0.8%

        Kuehne + Nagel               0.8%

        Zalando                      0.8%

        Coca-Cola Amatil             0.8%

        BMW Group                    0.8%

        IVE Group                    0.8%

        syncreon                     0.8%

        JD.com                      0.7%

        Walmart                     0.7%

        Mainfreight                 0.7%
                        PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE                                                   065




For personal use only


                                                        Goodman Kunshan North Park, Greater Shanghai, China.
        066                                                    goodmAn group 2018




        Our community
        The Goodman Foundation believes in giving back in tangible
        ways to the communities where we operate. We focus on
        social change through improving the quality of life of those
        less privileged.




For personal use only
                        PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE                                                   067




For personal use only
                                        SPACE FOR CHILDREN’S
                                        HEALTH AND SAFETY
                                        Goodman is passionate about ensuring the health, safety and
                                        wellbeing of children. We support many charities around the
                                        world focused on this cause including the Cerebral Palsy
                                        Alliance (CPA), SOS Children’s Villages, Stepping Stone House,
                                        Little Olive Foundation, The Shepherd Centre, Raise Foundation
                                        and Humpty Dumpty Foundation. Our support ranges from
                                        providing physical space, supporting operations and
                                        purchasing equipment, to our people volunteering, mentoring
                                        and providing other help.


                                       RESEARCH SUCCESSES SINCE
                                       GOODMAN’S INVOLVEMENT HAVE
                                       SEEN THE RATE OF CEREBRAL PALSY
                                       FALL FROM 1/400 TO 1/600 BIRTHS.
                                        CPA provides family-centred therapies, life skills programmes,
                                        equipment and support for people and their families living with
                                        cerebral palsy and other neurological and physical disabilities.
                                        It drives international research into the prevention, treatment and
                                        cure of cerebral palsy through the Cerebral Palsy Alliance
                                        Research Foundation.

                                        Goodman has supported CPA and the Cerebral Palsy Alliance
                                        Research Foundation to become one of the leading independent
                                        funders of cerebral palsy research globally, funding over
                                        $36 million in research grants across 300 projects in the past
                                        12 years. Goodman is the exclusive global partner of CPA’s
                                        major fundraiser, Steptember.
        068




For personal use only
        SUPPORTING HEALTH
        AND WELLBEING
        Goodman is the Founding Partner of The Fred Hollows
        Foundation in Hong Kong and funds eye care projects.

        GOODMAN HAS FUNDED THE XINGTANG
        PROJECT WHICH HAS SCREENED 112,736
        PEOPLE, TRAINED 805 DOCTORS IN EYE CARE
        COURSES, PROVIDED 440 SCREENING KITS AND
        TRAINED ONE CATARACT SURGEON AND TWO
        NURSES TO PERFORM CATARACT SURGERY.
        The Fred Hollows Foundation provides sustainable eye
        care services for rural, poor and ethnic minority communities
        around the world.

        Goodman has funded two projects in China to build eye
        health screening and education systems. The first, completed
        in February 2018, in Xingtang, Hebei, has been extended
        for a further 12 months.
                                                                                   PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE                                                                069




                 TOWARDS ZERO HUNGER
                 Goodman provides warehouse space, vehicles and equipment,
                 and our teams volunteer and raise funds to support
                 organisations that reduce hunger and food wastage, including
                 OzHarvest, KiwiHarvest, UKHarvest, Feeding Hong Kong and
                 Second Harvest Foodbank of Orange County, USA.




For personal use only
                 WITHOUT GOODMAN’S SUPPORT, OZHARVEST
                 COULD NOT HAVE DELIVERED ALMOST 100 MILLION
                 MEALS, HELPED 1,000 CHARITIES AND SAVED
                 31,000 TONNES OF FOOD FROM LANDFILL.
                 OzHarvest collects quality excess food from commercial
                 outlets and delivers it to more than 1,000 charities supporting
                 people in need.




                                                                                                   MAKING SPACE FOR
                                                                                                   RESPONSIBLE CONSUMPTION
                                                                                                   Goodman supports charities such as Thread Together and Good360
                                                                                                   Australia, which redirect excess goods to charities while reducing waste.

                                                                                                   GOODMAN HAS HELPED ENABLE GOOD360 AUSTRALIA
                                                                                                   TO COLLECT MORE THAN $50 MILLION IN BRAND NEW
                                                                                                   GOODS TO BE REDISTRIBUTED TO OVER 800 CHARITIES.
                                                                                                   Good360 Australia connects surplus brand new goods from businesses,
                                                                                                   such as clothes, toys, school and office supplies, personal care and
                                                                                                   household goods to charities and Australians who need them, while
                                                                                                   improving environmental outcomes. This amounts to over 3.6 million items
                                                                                                   from microwaves to toiletries and nappies. It has distributed more than
                                                                                                   $22.3 million in critical goods to people in need in Australia, which also
                                                                                                   has a huge environmental impact as these products are saved from landfill.

                                                                                                   Goodman’s support with property space saved millions of dollars for
                                                                                                   Good360 Australia so it could use those resources for core programmes.
                                                                                                   The charity also uses the Goodman supplied warehouse to run traineeships
                                                                                                   for the long-term unemployed.
        070                                               goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only



        Highbrook Business Park, Auckland, New Zealand.
                        PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE                                                                           071




For personal use only
                                        Sustainability is about more than being green. It’s about
                                        building a sustainable business for the future. We do this
                                        through long-term decision-making designed to have positive
                                        economic, environmental and social outcomes.

                                        Key to this is our responsibility to keep challenging ourselves to
                                        improve our impact on the planet – both in our daily operations
                                        and in how we develop and manage our properties.




                                        This section highlights some of the significant aspects of Goodman’s sustainability strategy
                                        and performance in FY18. More details are available in the Goodman Annual Report.
        072                                                     goodmAn group 2018




        Our sustainability strategy
        Goodman’s sustainability strategy is designed to make
        a positive long-term impact and covers the following
        four target areas:

   1. Sustainable development – continuous sustainability
        improvement in our developments through innovation and




For personal use only
        helping our customers evaluate and incorporate sustainable
        design initiatives

   2. Asset management – managing and investing in our assets to
        improve efficiency, long-term competitiveness and resilience

   3. Corporate performance – measuring our impact, improving our                  Goodman Australia
        overall performance, managing our compliance obligations and
        engaging regularly with key stakeholders
                                                                                Industrial Partnership and
                                                                                  Goodman Japan Core
   4. People and community – inspiring and challenging our people,
        promoting safe workplaces and supporting community groups
                                                                                  Partnership were FY18
        and charities through the Goodman Foundation.                             GRESB sector leaders.
        In this section, we focus on the first two target areas,
        particularly on how we are developing and managing assets
        sustainably. More information on target areas three and four
        is in the ‘People’ section on page 058.




        Goodman Business Park, Tokyo, Japan.
                                     PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE                         073




For personal use only
                        Goodman office, Melbourne, Australia.




                        UN Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs)
                        The UNSDGs are a global blueprint for organisations to address
                        the world’s most significant development challenges. They call
                        for collaboration to end poverty, protect the planet and create
                        a sustainable future for all.

                        We understand our role in a global sustainable future and as
                        part of our annual strategy review and planning process we
                        reviewed how these goals aligned with our own sustainability
                        strategy. We found 8 of the 17 UNSDGs were relevant to our
                        business. Significant progress on our sustainability targets was
                        made this year.

                        Benchmarking our performance
                        Goodman Group and several of our Investment Partnerships
                        participate in the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark
                        (GRESB) survey to continuously review our performance.

                        We have succeeded in achieving consistently high scores and
                        in 2018, all previously participating Goodman entities achieved
                        3 star Green Star status or above, while two Partnerships were
                        ranked first in their respective peer groups.

                        In addition, Goodman uses a proprietary sustainability
                        assessment tool for its industrial assets, the Goodman
                        Sustainability Snapshot, which is widely used in Continental
                        Europe and more recently in Australia.

                        Material issues
                        In the last six years, Goodman identified and refined a set of
                        material issues fundamental to building long-term value and
                        sustainable performance. We needed these issues to reflect
                        not only our own principles but also our stakeholders’ input.
      074                                                               goodmAn group 2018




      Sustainable development
      Properties built smarter are ready for the challenges of
      tomorrow. We are committed to high quality, reducing costs
      over a building’s life cycle and using best practice sustainable
      techniques and materials. We design and build our properties
      with the planet in mind.




              use
For personalMATERIAL only
                                GOODMAN                                          SHORT-TERM
                                                                                                               PROGRESS
                                COMMITMENTS                                      TARGETS                       IN FY18




           ISSUES
      Flexible and adaptable     Develop assets that include enhanced             Significant amount of new    Formally adopted a base-building specification
      properties                 sustainability standards that aim to meet        developments certified       for all global developments that offer
                                 future demands of our customers and the          across our regions by FY19   sustainability initiatives including:
      Smart energy solutions     climate
                                                                                  10 MW of new solar PV        +	Strategic site selection close to
      Supply chain               Incorporate smart energy solutions such          projects completed or           infrastructure, consumers and transport
                                 as renewable energy generation, LED lights       initiated by FY22.           +	Renewable energy from rooftop solar
      Biodiversity.              and smart metering                                                               PV systems
                                                                                                               +	Translucent roof sheeting to maximise
                                 Partner with our supply chains to create                                         natural lighting
                                 spaces using responsible materials and means                                  +	Fully automated LED lights
                                                                                                               +	Electrical sub metering
                                 Maximise opportunities in infill locations                                    +	Glare control
                                                                                                               +	Low volatile organic compound materials
                                 Operate in a manner that promotes                                             +	Rainwater harvesting
                                 biodiversity and enhances habitat.                                            +	End-of-trip facilities
                                                                                                               +	Drought tolerant native landscaping
                                                                                                               100% of Goodman’s completed developments
                                                                                                               included sustainable design initiatives

                                                                                                               Over 7 MW of renewable energy installed or
                                                                                                               in progress in Continental Europe, Japan and
                                                                                                               Australia

                                                                                                               Approximately 40% of industrial space now has
      ADDRESSING THE UN’S SUSTAINABLE                                                                          a certified green rating in Continental Europe
      DEVELOPMENT GOALS                                                                                        All new developments in Continental Europe
                                                                                                               to have electric vehicle charging stations.
                        PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE                                                       075




For personal use only                   Clean energy progress
                                        The Group’s investment in solar energy infrastructure continues
                                        to gather momentum. Japan remains Goodman’s primary
                                        region for the installation of solar PV on rooftops, with a further
                                        3 MW installed at Goodman Business Park, Chiba in greater
                                        Tokyo, taking our installed capacity in Japan to approximately
                                        19 MW. In Continental Europe, we now have 4 MW installed
                                        across seven projects.

                                        In China, the 750 kW system at Goodman Qingpu Centre
                                        in greater Shanghai is operating successfully and presents
                                        a model for several projects in planning, including a proposal
                                        for several small vertical installations on the external walls at
                                        Goodman Pudong International Airport Logistics Park.

                                        In Australia, we are incorporating smaller systems as part
                                        of the base-building specification for the majority of new
                                        developments and beginning to retrofit solar on some existing
                                        buildings as opportunities arise.
      076                                                              goodmAn group 2018




      Asset management
      Our ability to manage assets through their lifecycle improves
      their long-term environmental and financial performance.
      We take a strategic view of each asset and define a clear
      management plan driven by location, age, capex requirements
      and functionality. Through this approach, we can maximise the
      value of our portfolio to keep meeting the needs of customers




              use
For personalMATERIAL only
      into the future.




                               GOODMAN                                          SHORT-TERM
                                                                                                                    PROGRESS
                               COMMITMENTS                                      TARGETS                             IN FY18




           ISSUES
      Customer relationships    Manage a high-quality portfolio, prioritising    1 MW of solar PV installed or      LED lighting upgrades across the stabilised
                                energy and water efficiency                      initiated globally on stabilised   portfolios in Australia, Continental Europe,
      Resilient portfolio                                                        assets in FY19                     Hong Kong and Greater China
                                Manage assets while considering their
      Monitoring efficiency     current and future climate exposures             An additional one million sqm      + Approximately 87% of common areas now
                                                                                 of space upgraded to LED              use LED lights, reducing energy consumption
      Reducing waste.           Offer superior customer service with lease       lighting by FY22.                     by up to 60% for our China properties
                                clauses that aim to reduce energy and
                                water use                                                                           Climate Vulnerability Assessment undertaken
                                                                                                                    in Australia
                                Partner with our supply chain providers to
                                promote on-site waste management and                                                6% reduction in energy consumption across
                                provide recycling opportunities.                                                    Goodman’s Australian office portfolio using
                                                                                                                    the Buildings Alive system

                                                                                                                    Sydney corporate office achieved a
                                                                                                                    5 Star NABERS energy rating

                                                                                                                    Water usage measures and landscaping across
                                                                                                                    our China properties include the re-use of
                                                                                                                    rainwater, replacement of large lawns with
                                                                                                                    native hedges and the use of vertical gardens
                                                                                                                    to improve amenity

                                                                                                                    Green lease clauses encouraged customers and
                                                                                                                    Goodman to collaborate sustainably. At least one
      ADDRESSING THE UN’S SUSTAINABLE                                                                               green lease clause was included in 79% of the
                                                                                                                    leases signed in Continental Europe, while 63%
      DEVELOPMENT GOALS                                                                                             included three clauses

                                                                                                                    Simply Cups recycling scheme in the Sydney
                                                                                                                    office is saving more than 2,000 take-away
                                                                                                                    cups a month from landfill

                                                                                                                    We contributed to major reductions in food
                                                                                                                    waste and landfill through our support of food
                                                                                                                    rescue charities.
                        PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE                                                    077




For personal use only                   How do we improve?
                                        Goodman is constantly looking to innovate and incorporate
                                        proven new technology. We investigate alternatives to existing
                                        materials and processes to enhance the long-term sustainability
                                        of our properties, and reduce our impact on the planet.

                                        Alternatives we are evaluating include:

                                     + Low carbon concrete products – the main element that
                                        produces carbon emissions in concrete mix, Portland
                                        cement, is significantly lower in products such as Envisia
                                        and Geopolymer Concrete. Using these can reduce emissions
                                        by an estimated 30–70%

                                     + Lower emission steel – products such as the carbon neutral
                                        cladding that has achieved Confidex Sustain certification which
                                        we are trialling in the UK, can reduce the carbon intensity in steel.
        078                                                                              goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
        Skylights to improve natural lighting and LED lighting to improve energy efficiency.




        Goodman Sustainability Snapshot
        Goodman Sustainability Snapshot is a proprietary tool
        that assesses and compares the sustainability level of our
        buildings. The tool can be used as part of the feasibility analysis
        for new developments and in our detailed asset plans for our
        stabilised assets.

        The tool helps us to:

    + Identify areas with potential for sustainability improvements
        so we can upgrade our targets accordingly
    + Improve transparency and make better investment decisions
    + Improve the overall quality of our portfolio.

        The tool’s analysis is based on six topics
        (each weighted differently):

   1. Green certification
   2. Lighting
   3. Heating, ventilation and air conditioning
   4. Insulation
   5. Building management system and metering
   6. Features including alternative energy sources, water reuse and
        treatment, waste, landscaping and biodiversity, and wellbeing.

        The tool, widely used in Continental Europe and more recently
        in Australia, is still being refined, but we’re seeing some positive
        results. Going forward, we aim to use the insights from the
        Goodman Sustainability Snapshot tool to support investment
        in sustainability initiatives that will help improve our assets for
        the long-term.
                        PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE                                           079




For personal use only
                                                        Chifley Business Park, Melbourne, Australia.
        080                                    goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only



        Goodman Business Park, Tokyo, Japan.
                        PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE                                                  081




                                        Delivering solid financial results is critical to Goodman’s
                                        long-term sustainability; however, we measure our
                                        performance by our positive impact on stakeholders and the
                                        environment as well as by the numbers.

                                        We discuss our progress on stakeholders and the environment
                                        in the ‘people’ and ‘planet’ sections of this report. Here we give




For personal use only
                                        a snapshot of the Group’s operational performance.

                                        For a thorough review of our financial performance, please see
                                        the Goodman Annual Report.
        082             goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
                                                                PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE                                                       083




             Operational performance
             The consistent implementation of our own+develop+manage
             strategy has delivered sustained growth across the Group for
             our stakeholders.

             The portfolio continued to be the key driver of the strong
             operational result, with property fundamentals steadily




For personalOWNuse only
             improving in FY18.




                                                           DEVELOP                                         MANAGE



             98%                                            $3.6 billion                                   $38.3 billion
             Occupancy                                      Development WIP                                Total assets under
                                                                                                           management (AUM)
             High occupancy was maintained with tight       Our development workbook increased to          External AUM grew 15% to $35.1 billion
             supply in the urban and infill locations we    80 projects across 12 countries, with global   driven by revaluation gains and
             operate in around the world.                   demand driven by changes in technology.        development completions.




             3.5 million                                    $3.2 billion                                   15%
             Square metres                                  Development                                    Average total return
                                                            commencements                                  of Partnerships
             New leases globally equated to $429 million    Two million sqm of developments                Continued strong performance of the
             in annual rental property income across the    commenced this year, with 71% on               Partnerships increased management
             Group and Partnerships.                        behalf of Partners or third parties.           earnings.




             $2.8 billion                                   $3.5 billion                                   343
             Revaluation gains                              Development completions                        Number of properties
                                                                                                           in Partnerships
             By focusing on high-quality properties in      We completed 2.2 million sqm of                Partnerships increasingly focused
             locations where supply is scarce, we           developments around the world with             on developing assets for long-term
             increased our portfolio’s value.               87% leased to customers.                       ownership.
        084                               goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
                        AN ENVIRONMENT WHERE PEOPLE FEEL VALUED INDEPENDENT
                                     GROUP CEO’S LETTER                         085




For personal use only
            AND PART OF A TEAM WILL BE MORE IMPORTANT THAN EVER.




                                                               Source: Forbes, 2017.
                                   LOS A NGELES
                                                                                        086
For personal use only

          13
 Properties           AUM
                          $2.3bn


                                        A LLENTOWN
 THE AMERICAS

              SÃO PAULO                                                                 goodmAn group 2018




                                                               131
                                                      Properties        AUM
                                                                               $7.3bn


                                       M A D RID
                                                      EUROPE           BIRM INGHAM
                                                                     LOND ON
                                              PA RIS
                                           BRU S S ELS              A M S TERD A M

                                      LU XEM BOU RG                 D Ü S S ELD OR F


                                        M ILA N                          HA M BU RG

                                                                   P RA GU E

                                                                       P OZNA Ń
                                                        BU D A P ES T
                                                   KRA KÓW
                                                                    WA RS AW
                                                                   GOODMAN’S GLOBAL NETWORK                                                                                                                       087




For personal use only
                                                              $12.8bn


                                                           ASIA
                                                              AUM

                                                              57
                                                              Properties

                                                                                            BEIJING


                                                                                                                               TOKYO
                                                                                                                     OS A KA

                                                                  CHENGD U                            S HA NGHA I



                                                                              GU A NGZHOU


                                                                             HONG KONG




                                                                                                                                            $13.3bn




                                                                                                                    AUSTRALIA
                                                                                                                                            AUM

                                                                                                                                            153
                                                                                                                                            Properties




                                                                                                                                                                                       NEW ZEALAND
                        OUR GLOBAL NETWORK
                        $38.3bn
                        Assets under management (AUM)

                                                                                                                                                                   BR ISB AN E
                        366
                        Properties

                                                                                                                                                                                                     AU CK LAND
                                                                                                                                                       SY D NE Y

                                                                                                                                       ME LB OU R NE
                        17
                        Countries
                          DE NO TE S G O O DMAN O FFI CE




                                                                                                                                                       $2.6bn
                                                                                                                                                                                 AUM

                                                                                                                                                                                 12
                                                                                                                                                              Properties
        088                                                 goodmAn group 2018




       FY18 HIGHLIGHTS
        +	
          Continuing growth at Goodman’s
            flagship development precinct, Oakdale
            Industrial Estate. This year, nine facilities
            were completed across the Central and
            South estates
        +   Securing Amazon’s first lease in Sydney




For personal use only
             at Centenary Distribution Centre.




        Centenary Distribution Centre, Sydney, Australia.

                                                                                 $13.3bn
                                                                                 Assets under management

                                                                                 153
                                                                                 Properties

                                                                                 5.6m sqm
                                                                                 Space under management

                                                                                 97%
                                                                                 Occupancy

                                                                                 $470m
                                                                                 Development WIP

                                                                                 4
                                                                                 Managed Partnerships

                                                                                 >1,000
                                                                                 Number of customers
                                                                              GOODMAN’S GLOBAL NETWORK   089




                                                                                 IN GOODMAN’S HOME
                                                                                 MARKET—AUSTRALIA




For personal use only
                                                                                 WE ARE THE LARGEST
                                                                                INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY
                                                                               COMPANY AND FOCUS ON
                                                                              CONTINUOUSLY INNOVATING
                                                                                   AND SETTING THE
                                                                                 INDUSTRY STANDARD.

                   Oakdale Industrial Estate, Sydney, Australia.




                         Chifley Business Park South, Melbourne, Australia.
        090                                                   goodmAn group 2018




                                                                                   $2.6bn
                                                                                   Assets under management

                                                                                   12
                                                                                   Properties

                                                                                   900,000 sqm
                                                                                   Space under management




For personal use only
                                                                                   99%
                                                                                   Occupancy

                                                                                   $231m
                                                                                   Development WIP

                                                                                   >150
                                                                                   Number of customers




        Highbrook Business Park, Auckland, New Zealand.




        FY18 HIGHLIGHTS
        +	
          Completing the asset sales programme with
            the disposal of Central Park Corporate Centre
            and conditional sale of the VXV Portfolio
        +   Undertaking capital management initiatives
             including issuing a total of NZ$200 million of
             bonds, providing balance sheet capacity for
             new development and investment initiatives.
                                                                          GOODMAN’S GLOBAL NETWORK           091




For personal use only
                        Highbrook Business Park, Auckland, New Zealand.




                                                                                         WE REPOSITIONED
                                                                                        GOODMAN PROPERTY
                                                                                          TRUST TO BE AN
                                                                                        INDUSTRIAL SECTOR
                                                                                        SPECIALIST TO MEET
                                                                                       THE GROWING DEMAND
                                                                                       FOR WAREHOUSE AND
                                                                                        DISTRIBUTION SPACE
                                                                                         ACROSS AUCKLAND
                                                                                           NEW ZEALAND.
        092                                       goodmAn group 2018




                  OUR BUSINESS ACROSS ASIA




For personal use only
                   HAS SEEN ASSETS UNDER
               MANAGEMENT GROW BY 25% OVER
                THE LAST YEAR AS VALUATIONS
                 INCREASED AND HIGH-QUALITY
                DEVELOPMENTS COMPLETED IN
                  GREATER CHINA AND JAPAN.                                  Goodman Pinghu North Logistics Centre,
                                                                            Greater Shanghai, China.



       Tuen Mun, Hong Kong, China.




                                     Goodman Business Park, Tokyo, Japan.
                                                                        GOODMAN’S GLOBAL NETWORK                                  093




                                                                                                        $12.8bn
                                                                                                        Assets under management

                                                                                                        57
                                                                                                        Properties




For personal use only
                                                                                                        4.6m sqm
                                                                                                        Space under management

                                                                                                        99%
                                                                                                        Occupancy

                                                                                                        $939m
                                                                                                        Development WIP

                                                                                                        5
                                                                                                        Managed Partnerships

                                                                                                        >300
                                                                                                        Number of customers




                                                               Goodman Akamatsudai, Kobe City, Japan.

                 FY18 HIGHLIGHTS
                 Greater China
                 +  Acquiring rare strategic 32,000 sqm
                     development site in Tuen Mun, Hong Kong
                 + Securing over 500,000 sqm of leasing
                     pre-commitments for our developments
                     in mainland China.

                 Japan
                 +	Continuing 100% portfolio occupancy
                 +	Completing 180,000 sqm of high-quality
                    developments.
        094                                             goodmAn group 2018




For personal use only
        Augsburg Logistics Centre, Augsburg, Germany.




        $7.3bn
        Assets under management

        131
        Properties

        5m sqm
        Space under management

        97%
        Occupancy

        $1.3bn
        Development WIP

        4
        Managed Partnerships

        >150
        Number of customers
                                          GOODMAN’S GLOBAL NETWORK                                                                            095




                                                                                               FY18 HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                               Continental Europe
                                                                                               +	Extending DB Schenker’s 80,000 sqm
                                                                                                  facility by a further 40,000 sqm at
                                                                                                  Augsburg in Germany




For personal use only
                                                                                               +	Fully leasing our latest development in
                                                                                                  Gdańsk, a key location in Poland, prior
                                                                                                  to completion
                                                                                               +	Completing a 19,000 sqm sustainable
                                                                                                  development in Venlo, Netherlands which
                                                                                                  received a BREEAM Excellent rating
                                                                                               +	Delivering a complex brownfield conversion
                                                                                                  for METRO in Marl, Germany. This is
                                                                                                  Goodman’s biggest logistics property
                                                                                                  development in Europe at 235,000 sqm.

                                                                                               UK
                                                                                               +	Finalising the sale of Arlington Business
                                                                                                  Parks Partnership enabling the UK
                                                                                                  business to focus on industrial property
                                                                                               +	Completing a 466,000 sq ft internal
                                                                                                  cross-docked distribution centre for
                                                                                                  Amazon at Lyons Park in Coventry.
                                      Lyons 135, Lyons Park, Coventry, United Kingdom.




                            OUR BUSINESS IN
                         CONTINENTAL EUROPE
                          CONTINUED TO PUSH
                         THE BOUNDARIES AND
                          DELIVER INNOVATIVE
                             DEVELOPMENT
                           PROJECTS FOR OUR
                           CUSTOMERS WHILE
                             IN THE UK OUR
                          TEAM REPOSITIONED                               Northampton Commercial Park, Northampton, United Kingdom.



                            THE BUSINESS TO
                            FOCUS PURELY ON
                        INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY.
        096                                                    goodmAn group 2018




                                                                                    $2.3bn
                                                                                    Assets under management

                                                                                    13
                                                                                    Properties

                                                                                    1.1m sqm
                                                                                    Space under management




For personal use only
                                                                                    93%
                                                                                    Occupancy

                                                                                    $681m
                                                                                    Development WIP

                                                                                    2
                                                                                    Managed Partnerships

                                                                                    >30
                                                                                    Number of customers




       Goodman Logistics Center Carlisle, Pennsylvania, USA.




                                            OUR BUSINESS IN
                                             THE AMERICAS
                                          CONTINUES TO GROW
                                          WITH DEVELOPMENT
                                          COMPLETIONS IN THE
                                          REGION ACCOUNTING
                                           FOR A QUARTER OF
                                          THE GROUP’S TOTAL.
                                                                       GOODMAN’S GLOBAL NETWORK                                                            097




For personal use only
                 Goodman Commerce Center Eastvale, Los Angeles, USA.




                                                                             Goodman ABCD1, São Paulo, Brazil.

                                                                                                                 FY18 HIGHLIGHTS
                                                                                                                 US
                                                                                                                 +	Development of 4.5 million s.f. of Class A
                                                                                                                    product in the Inland Empire, Greater Los
                                                                                                                    Angeles and Central Pennsylvania markets
                                                                                                                 +	Pre-leased over one million s.f. in Central
                                                                                                                    Pennsylvania.

                                                                                                                 Brazil
                                                                                                                 +	Launched US$700 million (BRL2.5 billion)
                                                                                                                    Goodman Brazil Logistics Partnership to
                                                                                                                    invest in prime logistics and real estate
                                                                                                                    assets in the key gateway cities of São
                                                                                                                    Paulo and Rio de Janeiro
                                                                                                                 +	Developed 27,000 m2 of high-quality
                                                                                                                    industrial space at Goodman ABCD1,
                                                                                                                    located 20 km from São Paulo city.
        098                                                   goodmAn group 2018




                                                                              Mr Gregory Goodman
                                                                              Group Chief Executive Officer,




For personal use only
                                                                              Appointed 7 August 1998




        Mr Ian Ferrier, AM
        Independent Chairman,
        Appointed 1 September 2003




BOARD OF
                                                                                                                     Mr Stephen Johns
                                                                                                                   Independent Director,
                                                                                                               Appointed 1 January 2017


                                                                                   Mr Danny Peeters
                                                                                   Executive Director, Corporate,
                                                                                   Appointed 1 January 2013




                                     Ms Rebecca McGrath
                                      Independent Director,
                                     Appointed 3 April 2012
                                                                          BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                          099




For personal use only
                 Ms Penny Winn                                                                    Mr Jim Sloman, OAM
                 Independent Director,                                                              Independent Director,
                 Appointed 1 February 2018                                                     Appointed 1 February 2006

                                                                                                                                         Mr Phillip Pryke
                                                                                                                                     Independent Director,
                                                                                                                               Appointed 13 October 2010




                 DIRECTORS
                                Mr Anthony Rozic
                                Deputy Chief Executive Officer and
                                Chief Executive Officer, North America,
                                Appointed 1 January 2013




                                                                                                   Company Secretary
                                                                                                   Mr Carl Bicego
                                                                                                   Appointed 24 October 2006
        100                                            goodmAn group 2018




       FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY




For personal use only
        			                                            2014                 2015     2016          2017        2018
        			                                             $M                   $M       $M            $M          $M
       INCOME STATEMENT					
       Gross property income                                    207.7      206.1      204.6      177.1       150.4
       Management income                                        205.5      215.3      259.3      266.3       316.5
       Development income                                       767.6      763.7    1,250.4    1,207.1     1,115.8
       Distributions from investments                              2.0          –          –          –          –
       Net gain/(loss) on disposals of assets                      2.4       41.5      (26.7)    129.1       108.1
       Net gain from fair value adjustments
       on investment properties                                   48.6     515.9      327.8      180.9          71.1
       Share of net results of equity accounted investments     445.2      614.1      928.6      587.7        910.9
       Total income                                           1,679.0    2,356.6    2,944.0    2,548.2      2,672.8
       Property expenses                                         (60.1)     (59.4)     (63.9)     (46.9)       (36.4)
       Development expenses                                    (579.8)    (619.0)    (929.1)    (919.9)      (808.9)
       Employee expenses                                       (132.7)    (144.8)    (172.6)    (195.9)      (180.7)
       Share based payments expense                              (32.0)     (51.0)     (66.9)     (85.4)     (125.6)
       Administrative and other expenses                         (74.0)     (76.2)     (79.1)     (76.5)       (68.7)
       Impairment losses                                         (14.4)     (28.2)   (249.1)      (93.0)            –
       Net finance costs                                         (94.3)   (127.8)      (13.0)   (279.4)      (267.3)
       Total expenses                                          (987.3)  (1,106.4)  (1,573.7)  (1,697.0)    (1,487.6)
       Profit before income tax                                 691.7    1,250.2    1,370.3      851.2      1,185.2
       Income tax expense                                        (13.0)     (21.0)     (75.6)     (54.4)       (82.4)
       Profit for the year                                      678.7    1,229.2    1,294.7      796.8      1,102.8
       Profit attributable to other non-controlling interests    (21.4)     (21.2)     (20.1)     (18.7)         (4.6)
       Profit attributable to Securityholders                   657.3    1,208.0    1,274.6      778.1      1,098.2
       OPERATING PROFIT RECONCILIATION (NON-IFRS)						
       Operating profit available for distribution            601.1     653.5     714.5   776.0               845.9
       Adjustments for:					
       Property valuation related movements                   172.4     709.7     614.4   397.6               639.0
       Fair value adjustments and unrealised foreign currency
       exchange movements related to liability management      (78.4)    (99.8)    81.5  (243.8)            (174.4)
       Other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring items       (37.8)    (55.4)  (135.8) (151.7)            (212.3)
       Profit attributable to Securityholders                 657.3   1,208.0   1,274.6   778.1            1,098.2
       Operating profit per stapled security (cents)1           34.8      37.2     40.1    43.1               46.7
       Dividends/distributions per security (cents)             20.7      22.2     24.0    25.9               28.0
      1. Fully diluted for performance rights.
                                                                       FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY                      101




For personal use only
                 			                                                          2014             2015   2016   2017      2018
                 			                                                           $M               $M     $M     $M        $M
                 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION					
                 Cash and receivables                                         780.8  1,137.0  1,774.5  2,681.9  3,088.7
                 Property assets                                            3,663.0  4,337.7  4,096.5  3,245.7  2,732.6
                 Equity accounted investments                               3,855.6  4,508.8  5,348.1  5,522.7  6,585.5
                 Intangible assets                                            932.7    976.4    780.6    771.9    816.7
                 Other (including derivative financial instruments)           171.8    302.4    387.4    489.0    235.9
                 Total assets                                               9,403.9 11,262.3 12,387.1 12,711.2 13,459.4
                 Payables and provisions                                      656.8    732.0    747.4    866.6    918.4
                 Interest bearing liabilities                               2,160.5  2,707.9  2,865.2  2,878.3  3,081.5
                 Other (including derivative financial instruments)           356.2    446.3    381.2    344.1    285.8
                 Total liabilities                                          3,173.5  3,886.2  3,993.8  4,089.0  4,285.7
                 Net assets                                                 6,230.4  7,376.1  8,393.3  8,622.2  9,173.7
                 Comprising:
                 Net assets attributable to Securityholders                 5,904.6  7,050.3  8,067.5  8,296.4  9,173.7
                 Net assets attributable to other non-controlling interests   325.8    325.8    325.8    325.8        –
                 Net tangible assets per security ($)                          2.88     3.46     4.10     4.21     4.64
                 Gearing ratio (%)                                             19.5     17.3     11.8      5.9      5.1
                 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY					
                 Total equity at the beginning of the year         5,835.7   6,230.4   7,376.1   8,393.3            8,622.2
                 Total comprehensive income                          797.4   1,429.2   1,298.5     678.2            1,304.9
                                                                   6,633.1   7,659.6   8,674.6   9,071.5            9,927.1
                 Contributions of equity, net of transaction costs     42.1      89.3      95.5         –                 –
                 Distributions provided or paid                     (445.4)   (388.3)   (408.0)   (481.2)            (504.2)
                 Other transactions with equity holders                27.7      36.7      51.3      62.5              82.4
                 Movements in other non-controlling interests         (27.1)    (21.2)    (20.1)    (30.6)           (331.6)
                 Total equity at the end of the year               6,230.4   7,376.1   8,393.3   8,622.2            9,173.7
                 CASH FLOW STATEMENT                                              				
                 Net cash provided by operating activities                   404.4   654.7    830.1    586.4   1,161.2
                 Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities        (228.5) (147.8)   160.0    730.0      (26.5)
                 Net cash used in financing activities                      (461.4) (120.3)  (399.6)  (556.3)   (799.2)
                 Net (decrease)/increase in cash held                       (285.5)  386.6    590.5    760.1     335.5
                 Cash at the beginning of the year                           645.4   359.9    746.5  1,337.0   2,095.1
                 Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held               –       –        –      (2.0)    (23.8)
                 Cash at the end of the year                                 359.9   746.5  1,337.0  2,095.1   2,406.8
        102                                                                               goodmAn group 2018




       SECURITIES INFORMATION
        			                                                                                                                                                             Percentage of
        Top 20 Securityholders Number of                                                                                                                                  total issued
        As at 5 September 2018  securities                                                                                                                                  securities
        1.		HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                     690,868,171    38.09




For personal use only
        2.		J P Morgan Nominees Australia Limited                                         579,428,602    31.94
        3.		Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                 138,477,298     7.63
        4.		National Nominees Limited                                                      77,355,758     4.26
        5.		BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <Agency Lending DRP A/C>                              52,717,350     2.91
        6.		Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited <Colonial First State Inv A/C>                   31,787,417     1.75
        7.		BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <DRP>                                                 29,280,790     1.61
        8.		Beeside Pty Limited                                                            16,923,077     0.93
        9.		Trison Investments Pty Ltd                                                     14,870,973     0.82
        10.		AMP Life Limited                                                              12,192,285     0.67
        11.		BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Agency Lending Collateral>                       5,287,500     0.29
        12.		HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited <NT-Commonwealth Super Corp A/C>     4,265,873     0.24
        13.		Bond Street Custodians Limited <ENH Property Securities A/C>                   4,047,618     0.22
        14.		Trison Investments Pty Ltd                                                     3,750,000     0.21
        15.		HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited <A/C 2>                              3,222,985     0.18
        16.		BNP Paribas Noms (NZ) LTD <DRP>                                                3,123,553     0.17
        17.		Australian Foundation Investment Company Limited                               2,800,000     0.15
        18.		National Nominees Limited <N A/C>                                              2,425,000     0.13
        19.		DPCON BVBA                                                                     2,241,385     0.12
        20.		IOOF Investment Management Limited <IPS Super A/C>                             1,774,558     0.10
        Securities held by top 20 Securityholders                                       1,676,840,193    92.44
        Balance of securities held		 137,041,802		                                                        7.56
        Total issued securities		                                                       1,813,881,995		 100.00

        			                                                                                                                                                             Percentage of
                                Number of   Number of                                                                                                                     total issued
        Range of securities Securityholders securities		                                                                                                                    securities
        1–1,000                                                                                                                     9,749     4,669,536		                          0.26
        1,001–5,000                                                                                                                12,509    30,038,863		                          1.66
        5,001–10,000                                                                                                                2,919    20,615,924		                          1.14
        10,001–100,000                                                                                                              1,704    36,563,430		                          2.02
        100,001–over                                                                                                                  117 1,721,994,242		                         94.93
        Rounding                                                                                                                                                                  -0.01
        Total                                                                                                                      26,998 1,813,881,995                          100.00
        There were 616 Securityholders with less than a marketable parcel in relation to 4,015 securities as at 5 September 2018.
        Substantial Securityholders1		                                                                                                                        Number of securities
        Leader Investment Corporation; China Investment Corporation                                                                                                      168,462,083
        BlackRock Group                                                                                                                                                  147,689,591
        Vanguard Group Inc.                                                                                                                                              144,760,798
     1. In accordance with latest Substantial Securityholder Notices as at 5 September 2018.




        Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited CHESS Depository Interests                                  Trust, every person present who is an eligible Securityholder shall have one vote and
        ASX reserves the right (but without limiting its absolute discretion) to remove            on a poll, every person present who is an eligible Securityholder shall have one vote
        Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, Goodman Limited and Goodman Industrial Trust               for each Goodman Limited share and one vote for each dollar value of Goodman
        from the official list of the ASX if a CHESS Depository Interest (CDI) referencing an      Industrial Trust units that the eligible Securityholder holds or represents (as the case
        ordinary share in Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, a share in Goodman Limited or a          may be). At a general meeting of Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, all resolutions
        unit in Goodman Industrial Trust cease to be stapled, or any new securities are issued     will be determined by poll, and eligible Securityholders will be able to direct Chess
        by Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, Goodman Limited or Goodman Industrial Trust             Depositary Nominees Pty Limited to cast one vote for each Chess Depositary
        and are not (or CDIs in respect of them are not) stapled to equivalent securities in the   Instrument (referencing a Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited share) that the eligible
        Goodman Group.                                                                             Securityholder holds or represents (as the case may be).

        Voting rights                                                                              On-market buy-back
        On a show of hands at a general meeting of Goodman Limited or Goodman Industrial           There is no current on-market buy-back.
                                                                    CORPORATE DIRECTORY                                               103




                 CORPORATE DIRECTORY
                 GOODMAN GROUP                                                 DIRECTORS
                 Goodman Limited
                                                                               GOODMAN LIMITED AND GOODMAN FUNDS
                 ABN 69 000 123 071




For personal use only
                                                                               MANAGEMENT LIMITED
                 Goodman Industrial Trust
                                                                               Mr Ian Ferrier AM               Mr Phillip Pryke
                 ARSN 091 213 839
                                                                               Independent Chairman            Independent Director
                 Responsible Entity
                                                                               Mr Gregory Goodman              Mr Anthony Rozic
                 Goodman Funds Management Limited
                                                                               Group Chief Executive Officer   Executive Director
                 ABN 48 067 796 641
                                                                               Mr Stephen Johns                Mr Jim Sloman, OAM
                 AFSL Number 223621
                                                                               Independent Director            Independent Director
                 Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited
                                                                               Ms Rebecca McGrath              Ms Penny Winn
                 Company No. 1700359 ARBN 155 911 149
                                                                               Independent Director            Independent Director
                 OFFICES                                                       Mr Danny Peeters
                 Registered offices                                            Executive Director
                 Level 17, 60 Castlereagh Street
                 Sydney NSW 2000                                               COMPANY SECRETARY
                 Australia                                                     Mr Carl Bicego
                 GPO Box 4703                                                  GOODMAN LOGISTICS (HK) LIMITED
                 Sydney NSW 2001                                               Mr Ian Ferrier AM       Mr Danny Peeters
                 Australia                                                     Independent Chairman    Executive Director
                 Telephone 1300 791 100 (within Australia)                     Mr David Collins
                              +61 2 9230 7400 (outside Australia)              Independent Director
                 Facsimile    +61 2 9230 7444
                                                                               COMPANY SECRETARY
                 Suite 901, Three Pacific Place
                                                                               Goodman Secretarial Asia Limited
                 1 Queen’s Road East
                 Hong Kong                                                     SECURITY REGISTRAR
                 Telephone +852 2249 3100                                      Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
                 Facsimile    +852 2525 2070                                   Level 5, 115 Grenfell Street
                 Email        info-au@goodman.com                              Adelaide SA 5000
                 Website      www.goodman.com                                  Australia
                                                                               GPO Box 1903
                 OTHER OFFICES                                                 Adelaide SA 5001
                 Allentown     Guangzhou             Osaka                     Australia
                 Amsterdam     Hamburg               Paris                     Telephone 1300 723 040 (within Australia)
                 Auckland      Hong Kong             Poznań                                 +61 3 9415 4043 (outside Australia)
                 Beijing       Kraków                Prague                    Facsimile    +61 8 8236 2305
                 Birmingham    London                São Paulo                 Email        www.investorcentre.com/contact
                 Brisbane      Los Angeles           Shanghai                  Website      www.computershare.com
                 Brussels      Luxembourg            Sydney                    CUSTODIAN
                 Budapest      Madrid                Tokyo                     The Trust Company Limited
                 Chengdu       Melbourne             Warsaw                    Level 18, 123 Pitt Street
                 Düsseldorf    Milan                                           Sydney NSW 2000
                                                                               Australia
                                                                               AUDITOR
                                                                               KPMG
                                                                               Level 38, Tower Three, International Towers Sydney
                                                                               300 Barangaroo Avenue
                                                                               Sydney NSW 2000
                                                                               Australia
                                                                               ASX CODE
                                                                               GMG
For personal use only

        DISCLAIMER
        This document has been prepared by Goodman Group (Goodman Limited (ABN 69 000 123 071), Goodman Funds Management Limited (ABN 48 067 796 641; AFSL Number
        223621) as the Responsible Entity for Goodman Industrial Trust (ARSN 091 213 839) and Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited (Company No. 1700359; ARBN 155 911 149). It is not
        intended to be relied upon as advice to investors or potential investors and does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular investor.
        These should be considered, with professional advice, when deciding if an investment is appropriate. This document is not an offer or invitation for subscription or purchase of
        securities or other financial products. It does not constitute an offer of securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they are
        registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 or an exemption from registration is available. This document contains certain “forward-looking statements”. The words “anticipate”,
        “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “forecast”, “estimate”, “likely”, “intend”, “should”, “could”, “may”, “target”, “plan” and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
        statements. Indications of, and guidance on, future earnings and financial position and performance are also forward-looking statements. Due care and attention have been used in
        the preparation of forecast information. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
        factors, many of which are beyond the control of Goodman Group, that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. There can
        be no assurance that actual outcomes will not differ materially from these statements. All values are expressed in Australian currency unless otherwise stated. September 2018.
For personal use only
              For personal use only
GOODMAN.COM
For personal use only
               MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS
                         A M E L I A I S S I X Y E A R S O L D A N D P A R T O F G E N E R A T I O N Z. S H E L I V E S W I T H H E R
                            PARENTS 25 MINUTES FROM THE CITY CENTRE AND IS GROWING UP IN AN
                        ON-DEMAND ERA WHERE MOST NEEDS AND DESIRES ARE ABLE TO BE MET 24/7.

                                                     GOODMAN GROUP ANNUAL REPORT 2018
For personal use only
                        This page has been left blank intentionally
                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018   001




                    CONTENTS

                    Chairman’s letter                             2




For personal use only
                    Group Chief Executive Officer’s letter        4
                    Making space for greatness                    6
                    People, planet and performance               12
                    Corporate governance                         20
                    Sustainability report                        21
                    Consolidated Financial Report for
                    Goodman Limited                              33
                    Appendix A – Consolidated Financial
                    Report for Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited   134
                    Securities information                      170
                    Glossary                                    171
                    Corporate directory                         172
       002                                                            goodmAn grouP



       CHAIRMAN’S LETTER
       MAKING SPACE FOR SHARED SUCCESS
       Goodman performed very well in FY18 and we are positive, too,         Culture is key
       about the outlook and sustainability of our operating platform.       These financial results directly reflect the successful execution
       Our financial highlights include:                                     of Goodman’s long-term strategy. While the numbers are strong,
       + Operating profit of $845.9 million, up 9% on FY17                   I’m equally proud of the performance of our people. Goodman’s
       + Statutory profit of $1,098.2 million                                culture is characterised by quality across all aspects of the
                                                                             business – our people, our products and our service.




For personal use only
       + $639 million in property valuation gains, contributing
         to 10% year-on-year growth in net tangible assets to                In the last three years, Goodman has run an internal programme
         $4.64 per security                                                  to instil the importance of the Group’s values in our global team.
       + Operating earnings per security (EPS) of 46.7 cents,                We want everyone to understand our values and the behaviours
         up 8.3% on FY17                                                     needed to support our long-term success. Management has
       + Distribution per security (DPS) of 28.0 cents, up 8.1%              put significant focus across all our markets in creating the right
         on FY17                                                             culture and equipping our teams to act in our stakeholders’
       + Maintaining a strong financial position with balance sheet          best interests.
         gearing stable at 5.1%, down from 5.9% in FY17
       + Group liquidity at $3.4 billion                                     We have scrutinised both our work culture and professional
       + Total Securityholder return of 26% over one year,                   behaviour and continue to strive for strong ethics and corporate
         69.5% over three years and 135.2% over five years.                  governance. We encourage a disciplined approach, with
                                                                             management leading by example in being transparent and
                                                                             modest in their dealings.
                                                                             We are satisfied we’re in a healthy position that supports our
                                                                             business long-term. Yet even so, we never lose sight of how
                                                                             important it is to have the right team to foster the right culture at
                                                                             a local and global level.
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                         003




                    Sustaining success                                                     Board changes
                    Delivering on the Group’s long-term strategy is contingent on          There have been some changes to the Goodman Board.
                    creating a culture that aligns the interests of our people and
                    our Securityholders. In a highly competitive environment, with         We welcome Ms Penny Winn to the Board as an Independent
                    a business reliant upon having the best people to deliver the          Director of Goodman Limited and Goodman Funds Management
                    strategy, the Group has outperformed the ASX100 largely due to         Limited and a member of the Risk and Compliance and




For personal use only
                    its ability to motivate, focus and retain its people.                  Audit Committees. We also welcome Mr David Collins as an
                                                                                           Independent Director of Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited.
                    Goodman’s remuneration strategy ensures the balance between
                    fixed pay and performance-based remuneration is aligned to             After more than 12 years serving on the Board through the good
                    Securityholders’ long-term interests; that is, sustainable long-term   and also the challenging times, Mr Jim Sloman, OAM, will be
                    EPS growth and, ultimately, investment returns. Securityholders        retiring. I thank him for his significant contribution to Goodman.
                    and Goodman team members are mutually impacted by our                  Thank you
                    performance, with Securityholders’ interests met before short-         I would like to acknowledge Goodman’s strong and committed
                    term incentive awards are paid or long-term incentives vest.           team for the execution of our strategy and contribution to FY18’s
                    There is significant emphasis on long-term incentives for all team     outstanding results. The team is delivering a sustainable business
                    members, which are at risk with a three-year testing period and        into the future and I would like to thank them, our Partners,
                    vesting over three-to-five years.                                      investors and our customers for their continued support.
                    Both Securityholders and our people have benefited from
                    Goodman’s sustained strong growth. In an era when employees
                    expect companies to develop their skills as well as provide
                    opportunities for people to share in the company’s success,
                    Goodman’s global incentive scheme is a crucial offering. It offers
                    significant performance-based rewards to all, as opposed to a
                    few. We believe this has been a key point of difference in creating    Mr. Ian Ferrier AM
                    a collaborative culture focused on sustained success.                  Independent Chairman
                    In this Annual Report, we show how we are continuing to build a
                    sustainable business by delivering a strong financial result while
                    striving to make a positive impact on people and the planet.
                    This includes supporting communities and charities in the
                    markets we operate in, creating a culture in which our people are
                    developing to their fullest capacity, and ensuring our buildings are
                    energy efficient and environmentally sustainable.
       004                                                          goodmAn grouP



       GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER’S LETTER
       FIT FOR PURPOSE
       At Goodman, we make decisions for the long-term. Our strong          FY18 results
       performance in FY18 is due to years of long-term decision-           Goodman produced another strong result. I’m proud of our global
       making by our people around the world.                               team, with all regions consistently executing our strategy and
       By taking this approach in all we do – from implementing our         delivering for our customers and Investment Partners. We are
       business strategy to selectively acquiring real estate and working   in a solid position for the year ahead.
       with global stakeholders – we continue to build a sustainable




For personal use only
                                                                            The headline numbers in this year’s results reflect the positive
       business that can meet the expectations of our customers,            performance of our underlying operations.
       Partners, investors, team members and the community, now
       and in the future.                                                   Our portfolio is of high quality and our properties around the
                                                                            world continue to drive our operational result. We saw property
       Our positive results have not caused us to become complacent.        fundamentals steadily improve during the year, achieving like-for-
       We are constantly evaluating opportunities and keeping abreast       like net property income growth of 3.2% and 98% occupancy
       of changes influenced by technology and other market drivers.        across the portfolio.
       To complement this, we have created an environment that
       enables us to be flexible and capitalise on the opportunities        Strong customer demand globally is driving our development
       that will deliver on our long-term strategy.                         workbook and we’ve increased work in progress to $3.6 billion
                                                                            across 80 projects in 12 countries. Importantly, the majority of
                                                                            our development work is in our Partnerships, resulting in efficient
                                                                            capital deployment for Goodman and enhanced returns for our
                                                                            Partners.
                                                                            Goodman’s Partnerships continued to perform strongly, with
                                                                            15% average return for our Partners this year. External assets
                                                                            under management also grew to $35.1 billion. This was driven
                                                                            by $2.8 billion in revaluation gains and $3.5 billion in development
                                                                            completions across the Group and Partnerships.
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                       005




                    Change equals opportunity                                              The year ahead
                    Our industry as well as our customers’ industries, are going           To support future returns – as well as development activity
                    through transformational change, providing challenges, but             and asset growth – we’ll be looking to more intensive use of
                    opportunities too.                                                     Goodman’s existing sites and their timely development into higher
                                                                                           value assets.
                    Advances in technology, changes in consumer behaviour, and




For personal use only
                    the concentration of our portfolio in key urban centres continue       With market conditions expected to remain favourable for FY19,
                    to drive customer demand for industrial space, while generating        the outlook across our business is positive, with:
                    positive returns for our Investment Partners.
                                                                                           + forecast operating profit of $913 million – up 8% on FY18
                    In this evolving environment, it is essential to be proactive,         + forecast operating EPS of 50 cents – up 7% on FY18
                    understand the market and provide flexible solutions to help           + forecast distribution of 30 cents per security – up 7% on FY18.
                    our customers service their customers.
                                                                                           Long-term sustainability
                    Having the right property in the right location is critical to our     While we’re pleased with our positive results, we always strive
                    customers’ success. They want to be close to consumers                 to do better. We’re looking beyond the financial metrics to ensure
                    and operate at maximum efficiency. That’s why we’re seeing             we build a sustainable business for the long-term.
                    greater investment in warehouses – in technology, in seeking
                    out premium locations and in commitment to extended leases.            We’re doing this in a number of ways. We’re designing the best
                                                                                           properties in the best locations, so our customers can do even
                                                                                           better for their customers. We’re creating a workplace where
                                                                                           our people can reach their full potential. And we’re sharing our
                                                                                           resources with the Goodman Foundation partners to support
                                                                                           charities in their own missions.
                                                                                           We’re not content with good at Goodman – we strive to be
                                                                                           great. And we want our stakeholders to achieve greatness too.
                                                                                           This couldn’t be achieved without the hard work and dedication
                                                                                           of our people around the world. I would like to sincerely thank
                                                                                           the team and, on behalf of them, extend my gratitude to all our
                                                                                           stakeholders for their ongoing support.




                                                                                           Mr. Gregory Goodman
                                                                                           Group Chief Executive Officer
       006                                                             goodmAn grouP



       MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS

       Meet Amelia1, Andrew1, Anna1 and Deborah. They’re why we               To be a vital player in a world of constant change, Goodman
       exist. They’re our valued customers, our team members, and             knows it must stay open to new ways of working. We have the
       our community. They’re also our future. Learn how we’re making         best people and give them space to grow and push us all a little
       space for them to succeed.                                             further. We give our customers the space they need to succeed
                                                                              by providing unparalleled service and sustainable solutions in
       Our stakeholders’ needs are many and varied and keep evolving          high-quality locations.




For personal use only
       as the world does.
                                                                              We care about the future of the planet and the people in it.
       At Goodman, we develop close relationships with our                    We believe sustainability is our responsibility and we choose to
       stakeholders, so we can help them reach their full potential.          work with people and organisations that feel the same. It’s one of
       We don’t pretend to have all the answers, but we do believe            the reasons we partner with charities all over the world who are
       we can have a lasting positive impact and make greatness a             striving to make a difference to the lives of those who can’t always
       possibility for them.                                                  see a way forward.
                                                                              Greatness is not a singular pursuit, nor is it always easy to reach.
                                                                              But Goodman’s vision is to make it a possibility for everyone by
                                                                              making space for it in everything we do.
                                                                              Our first step is looking at the world through our
                                                                              stakeholders’ eyes.




   1. These characters have been created based on typical
      attributes or traits of our stakeholder groups.
   2. Source: Statista, 2018.
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                               007




                    THE FUTURE                                                             How Goodman supports Amelia
                    Amelia                                                                 Urbanisation
                    Amelia is six years old and part of Generation Z.                      More people are living in cities now than ever before
                                                                                           and this number is set to grow. That’s why Goodman’s
                    She lives with her parents 25 minutes from the city centre.            properties are in key urban centres where there are large
                    It is likely she will keep living in, or close to, the city as she




For personal use only
                                                                                           populations of consumers adopting new technologies and
                    becomes an adult. Unlike her parents, who both have a car, she         embracing e-commerce.
                    probably won’t. In fact, she’s less likely to get a driver’s licence
                    than the generations that came before. She’ll opt                      E-commerce growth
                    for public transport or a ride share service of the future.            In 2017, global e-commerce sales hit US$2.3 trillion2. This
                    By this time, too, car travel will be electric and/or driverless.      figure is expected to reach more than US$4.9 trillion in 20212.
                    Amelia is growing up in an on-demand era where most needs and          E-retailers are racing to hasten deliveries of online orders and
                    desires are able to be met 24/7. She uses a tablet or phone for        this fundamental shift is driving demand for logistics facilities in
                    education and play – every day. Her family shops online for her        Goodman’s operating markets.
                    clothes, school equipment and toys. Amelia expects her deliveries      Social conscience
                    to arrive on the same day. She understands if she has to wait until
                    the next day but feels frustrated nevertheless.                        The Goodman Foundation creates positive social change in the
                                                                                           communities it operates in. Through its programmes, Goodman
                    Groceries are home delivered and, as a treat, Amelia gets her          and its people contribute in tangible ways including volunteering
                    favourite pasta dish delivered from a menu she knows well from a       and in-kind aid such as business space or cash grants. Positive
                    restaurant she’s never been to.                                        outcomes include enabling SOS Children’s Villages to carry
                                                                                           out its work to help thousands of children in Europe, as well as
                    Amelia is both a digital and social native. As she gets older she      supporting Feeding Hong Kong so it can deliver 3.2 million meals
                    will start to think about fairness and equality. She will support      to those in need.
                    causes that help to address poverty and world hunger. She’ll
                    care about the environment and, as a city-dweller, about parks         Flexible work
                    and green spaces because respite and clean air are vital for her       Goodman believes in working smart. Our people are empowered
                    physical and mental wellbeing.                                         to manage their own time to balance personal commitments
                    When choosing where she’ll work, it will be important to Amelia        with our stakeholders’ needs. Our commitment extends
                    that her employer is purposeful and transparent. She will have         beyond formal flexible work policies to what we call flexible
                    grown up in an era where everyone can publish ‘news’, so will          work practices. We provide the right tools, workspaces and
                    be sensitive to inauthentic behaviour and attitudes. As such,          technology to allow the team to work from anywhere to maximise
                    she will believe everyone is accountable for their actions and         their efficiency.
                    that corporations must address humanitarian and environmental
                    issues.
                    Amelia might work in education, healthcare or science, or have a
                    job that does not yet exist. She will want to innovate, collaborate
                    and co-create and she won’t want to advance through a
                    company in a linear fashion. Like her baby boomer grandparents,
                    she’ll be willing to work hard but she’ll want a career and a family
                    life without compromising on either. She’ll expect flexible working
                    conditions and the ability to shape her own schedule and fulfil her
                    role from wherever suits her best.
       008                                                             goodmAn grouP



       MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS
       Continued



       THE CUSTOMER                                                           How Goodman supports Andrew
       Andrew                                                                 Faster
       Andrew is the Logistics and Supply Chain Director for an               To compete, it’s critical to get goods to consumers as quickly as
       online fashion retailer. It delivers clothes and shoes to a global     possible. Goodman’s properties are close to key infrastructure
       network of retail stores, as well as directly to customers.            links such as roads, rail, ports and airports, providing rapid




For personal use only
                                                                              connectivity to a large population of consumers.
       Andrew needs the best property partner for his business. For him,
       it’s about the right site in the right location. His business offers   Flexible
       same and next-day delivery to customers in the region, so it’s         Goodman knows there is no single way to do something, only
       essential he finds a location close to major urban centres.            the right way for each customer. Our team works closely with
       To compete, Andrew needs his supply chain at maximum                   customers to understand their current and future needs. We
       efficiency, which for him means the latest technology and              know there are many drivers of change, so our solutions need
       automation. Things move fast, so staying adaptive and flexible         to not only be functional, but also flexible.
       is crucial. He wants his property partner to help him grow, which      Industrial property specialists
       may mean helping him to re-design his facility to update its
       automated sorting equipment.                                           We specialise in industrial property and have over 30 years of
                                                                              experience. We bring global innovations to our local customers.
       Andrew needs a property partner who understands future                 Our team has a proven track record in delivering on all aspects
       challenges better than he does. He wants to deal with specialists      of property procurement on time and customised to our
       who have the right locations, or land available on which to            customers’ needs.
       develop new facilities. He wants to feel confident his partner can
       manage his real estate needs so he can concentrate on his core         Sustainable
       work: distributing products to customers.                              Goodman’s world-class logistics spaces are sustainable, resilient
                                                                              and innovative. Our properties provide long-term value for our
       Numerous providers can offer Andrew a suitable facility but more       Partners, customers and communities and all our developments
       than that, he values:                                                  in FY18 included sustainable design features.
       + Great customer service – responsive, experienced and with
         a long-term view of working together over a number of years
       + Quality – Andrew’s distributors will visit his facility, so it
         must have a professional presentation, be well built and be
         scrupulously maintained. He needs it to reflect positively on
         his business and motivate his workforce.
       Andrew cares about the future and knows his customers do too.
       He wants success that’s not at the expense of the planet and
       he knows a lot about how fashion manufacturing impacts the
       environment. He constantly looks for ways to embrace an ethical
       mindset and embed sustainable practices into projects.
       His company is proud of its commitment to sustainability and
       social responsibility. It uses ethically sourced materials and
       expects its facility to manufacture sustainably. To this end, it’s
       important the facility is energy efficient with consideration given
       to solar panels, LED lights and water recycling.
       Andrew is cost conscious, but he doesn’t want to cut corners
       or compromise quality. His company takes care of its people
       and views them as an asset. To attract top talent, he knows he
       needs to provide convenient transport connections and the best
       amenities, such as well-designed breakout zones, cafés, gyms
       and outdoor areas.
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                        009




                    THE TEAM PLAYER                                                       How Goodman supports Anna
                    Anna                                                                  Collaboration and efficiency
                    Anna is a Portfolio Manager at Goodman. In her eight years with       Goodman takes teamwork seriously. Our workspaces follow
                    the business, she’s seen lots of change in society and at work.       contemporary design practices to ensure maximum collaboration
                                                                                          and efficiency. Our offices use activity-based working, which
                    When Anna started at Goodman, she sat at the same desktop




For personal use only
                                                                                          is adaptive to our people’s diverse daily tasks, and our satellite
                    computer every day and travelled from Goodman’s city office to        offices and remote options allow our team to service their
                    see her customers. Today, Anna prefers to work from a satellite       stakeholders in the most effective way.
                    office at a Goodman property. She’s closer to her customers and
                    can be a lot more efficient.                                          High-quality
                    As a Portfolio Manager, Anna ensures her properties are managed       Everyone at Goodman plays a role in ensuring our properties
                    for the long-term and are of exceptional quality. This includes       are of the highest standard. From the quality of the location
                    the highest possible standard of maintenance, presentation and        and the construction materials, to the overall appearance, all team
                    property administration. Anna also manages a team which helps         members are responsible. Our teams are trained to notice the
                    her in this customer-focused role.                                    things that matter, and the result is consistently well-presented
                                                                                          properties and a great working environment for our customers.
                    As a working mother with two children, efficiency and flexibility
                    are critical. Her days are spent juggling the logistics of work       Service
                    and family life. Anna and her partner jointly manage school drop-     We know our customers. With their help, we learn about their
                    offs, picks-ups and extra-curricular activities while maintaining     business to provide the best service possible. We always aim to
                    full-time workloads.                                                  be quick to respond to enquiries or issues and are proactive in
                                                                                          addressing their current and future needs. The performance of
                    When she’s not in the office, Anna remains connected to her           all team members is measured by their customer focus.
                    customers, colleagues and peers. Working standard office hours
                    from a single location doesn’t work for her – or her customers or     Aligned interests
                    family. She must be highly responsive and ensure processes stay       Goodman’s Long-Term Incentive Plan motivates our people and
                    seamless for colleagues and customers. For Anna, technology           focuses on aligning their interests with those of our customers
                    makes this possible, coupled with a genuinely flexible workplace.     and Securityholders. Broadly, our remuneration structures are
                    Technological change has transformed Anna’s work and                  aimed at enhancing loyalty. We make space for our people to
                    personal life. She values innovation and enjoys the flexibility       reach their potential and build the career they’re capable of.
                    new technologies have delivered. She is concerned, however,           Giving back
                    by digital connectivity’s impact on face-to-face time so she
                    endeavours to see her customers in person as much as possible.        The Goodman Foundation encourages team members to give
                    She enjoys being onsite to get a hands-on sense of what makes         back in satisfying and tangible ways to the communities around
                    her customers’ businesses tick, and what they really need             them. Whether it’s supporting the homeless or raising money for
                    from Goodman.                                                         charities, the Goodman Foundation facilitates the process, and
                                                                                          provides additional financial support.
                    To give back more broadly, she canvasses concrete opportunities
                    to support the homeless or raise money for charity. Events such
                    as this are great ways to spend time bonding with her team too.
                    Fairness and equality are part of Anna’s values, so she expects
                    respect from her employer and team members, always, and
                    works to provide the same.
                    Like all Goodman people globally, Anna has been fortunate
                    to benefit from the company’s success through its Long-Term
                    Incentive Plan. The scheme makes her feel like a part-owner in
                    the company, motivating her to work hard and take a long-term
                    approach to her decision-making.
                    She understands that her success depends on the success
                    of Goodman’s customers, Partners and investors. She wants
                    to feel she is a significant contributor and that she can continue
                    to build a career at Goodman, so she can be confident about
                    the future.
       010                                                           goodmAn grouP



       MAKING SPACE FOR GREATNESS
       Continued



       THE CHANGEMAKER                                                        Bringing KiwiHarvest to life
       Deborah Manning, KiwiHarvest                                           My background is in healthcare and law. The common thread in
       As the founder and Chief Executive Officer of food rescue              everything I did was people. I genuinely wanted to leave the world
       enterprise, KiwiHarvest, Deborah Manning believes access to            a better place for my children and grandchildren.
       nutritious food is a human right.                                      One day I read about kids going to school hungry and another




For personal use only
       In 2014, with support from Goodman, Deborah set up KiwiHarvest,        story about ‘dumpster divers’. It was a real ‘ah-ha’ moment.
       a social enterprise that has grown to deliver 170,000 meals a          I began to learn about global food rescue organisations and,
       month to charities and social service agencies in New Zealand.         in 2012 in Dunedin, I set up a company called FoodShare.

       Like its Australian counterpart, OzHarvest, KiwiHarvest has used       I’d take day-old bread, and other supplies, to food banks in
       Goodman’s long-term commitment to generate measurable                  my car. Eventually, the car got so full of food I couldn’t see
       social and environmental change. Each dollar invested blooms           out the back window. My local car dealer donated a van.
       NZ$5.16 in social return on investment. The enterprise has             I found out Goodman had supported OzHarvest in Australia
       delivered 5.5 million meals and saved 1.7 million kilos of food from   for more than 10 years and was seeking a similar cause in
       landfill since inception.                                              New Zealand, so I pitched to them. Goodman backed me
       For these reasons, Goodman is proud to support KiwiHarvest as          in merging FoodShare with KiwiHarvest and has been very
       a key charity partner. Deborah explains the organisation’s journey     supportive ever since.
       and how Goodman has contributed to its success in nourishing           Challenges on the way
       those in need.
                                                                              At first, food businesses were worried they’d be liable. In reality,
                                                                              there are protections for food donors, so I reassured them of that.
                                                                              Some concerns lingered, so communication was key. Our brand
                                                                              was crucial, too, and our robust food handling processes made
                                                                              sure both were protected.
                                                                              The other big challenge was financial. Like any rapidly growing
                                                                              social enterprise, we had to balance our social purpose with
                                                                              the bottom line.
                                                                              As our founding partner, Goodman purpose-built our
                                                                              headquarters and storage facility in Auckland from shipping
                                                                              containers. We needed lots of freezers and chillers for food.
                                                                              Goodman liaised with its contractors to make it happen in an
                                                                              environmentally friendly way: the materials, the energy and
                                                                              the planning.
                                                                              Since then, Goodman has made significant annual donations so
                                                                              our operations can grow. We now have seven refrigerator trucks
                                                                              and five branches around New Zealand.
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                         011




                    The right people                                                          Space for greatness
                    The social enterprise journey is never a straight line. You have          When I consider how Goodman makes space for greatness
                    to be open to ideas and ready to make changes. Goodman’s                  for us, the words are ‘generosity’ and ‘the big picture’. They
                    support has allowed us to thrive, take on challenges and                  understand the issues facing people and the planet. They
                    grab opportunities.                                                       want to address issues and effect change.




For personal use only
                    From there, it’s good people in your organisation that make those         KiwiHarvest doesn’t want to stand still on the war on food waste
                    ideas work. I thought very carefully about the skills I needed on         and Goodman sees that. But sometimes our growth is so fast we
                    the board, for example. We have 17 staff, though we can’t pay             can barely keep up. No matter how fast it is, Goodman supports,
                    big salaries.                                                             encourages and enables us.
                    This financial year, we had around 5,000 hours volunteered.               We’re working with the Goodman team now on moving to a
                    We take care of our volunteers not only because they bring                new property in Auckland. It’s wonderful to have a supporter
                    irreplaceable value to the business but also because they take our        that doesn’t see a problem but instead sees how to fix it.
                    message into the community. Every volunteer and employee is a
                    brand ambassador for KiwiHarvest.                                         Like us, Goodman believes that alleviating food waste to help
                                                                                              solve food security is a no brainer. They also want to see
                    Behind the scenes                                                         demonstrable outcomes for their donated dollars and have
                    We don’t give food face-to-face; we give it to 220 charities and          appreciated our ability to show that.
                    community groups across New Zealand that run food support                 KiwiHarvest wouldn’t be where we are today without Goodman’s
                    programmes. Even so, we hear such heart-warming stories,                  support. They’ve been with us all the way. Our success is thanks
                    like parents saying: “It’s so nice to put fresh fruit in our children’s   to them.
                    lunch boxes”.
                    Children often miss school if they have no food to take.
                    Recognising this, some schools offer food support programmes
                    and come to us for help. If families are identified as being in need,
                    some schools will deliver to their homes. It’s crucial to maintain
                    respect and dignity for everyone, always.
       012                                                             goodmAn grouP



       PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE

       At Goodman, we believe our performance is not only measured             People
       by our bottom line but also by our long-term contribution to our        We don’t believe in good. Or good enough. We don’t believe in
       stakeholders and to the environment.                                    the short-term or taking short cuts. We don’t believe in putting
       We give our customers the space they need to succeed,                   business before people or anything before quality.
       by providing unparalleled service and sustainable solutions             Next to our properties, people are our greatest asset. Every day,




For personal use only
       in high-quality locations.                                              it’s our people who initiate, build and nurture the long-term
       We give our people the space they need to grow and push us all          relationships with our stakeholders that are integral to our
       a little further. We care about the planet’s future and the people in   sustainable growth.
       it. We believe sustainability is our responsibility and we choose to    Good to great
       work with people and organisations that feel the same.
                                                                               In recent years, Goodman rolled out an internal programme to
                                                                               help take us from being a good company to becoming a great
                                                                               one. The goal is for all of our people across the 17 countries to
                                                                               understand how to:
                                                                               + Deliver to the highest standard
                                                                               + Work as part of a team that is focused on the customer
                                                                               + Consistently adhere to our values
                                                                               + Deliver exceptional customer service
                                                                               + Help to build a sustainable business for all our stakeholders
                                                                               + Avoid complacency and keep excelling.
                                                                               For our teams to deliver to the highest standards, we provide an
                                                                               environment that encourages collaboration, innovation, efficiency
                                                                               and long-term decision-making.
                                                                               We’re serious about the health, wellbeing and development of our
                                                                               people, and provide local programmes which promote workplace
                                                                               health and safety, learning and development, and social activities.
                                                                               Our flexible work practices make space for the greatness of our
                                                                               people, empowering them to manage their own priorities while
                                                                               delivering for our stakeholders.
                                                                               Space to collaborate
                                                                               Most of our offices are now designed for activity-based working.
                                                                               This layout style frees our people from the constraints of a
                                                                               single fixed desk and offers them a variety of settings to work.
                                                                               The transformational design has led to improved wellbeing and
                                                                               overall team satisfaction as well as:
                                                                               + Greater collaboration, innovation and flexibility
                                                                               + Reduced power and paper usage
                                                                               + More creativity and team-based work
                                                                               + Better communication and less formality so decisions
                                                                                 are made faster.
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                          013




                    Setting the benchmark high                                              Goodman has supported CPA and the Cerebral Palsy Alliance
                    Goodman’s new Auckland city office was developed with a                 Research Foundation to become one of the leading independent
                    commitment to corporate social responsibility. The office sets          funders of cerebral palsy research globally, funding over
                    a high benchmark for refurbished business space.                        $36 million in research grants across 300 projects in the past
                                                                                            12 years. Goodman is the exclusive global partner of CPA’s
                    It is expected to receive a 5 Star Green Star Office Interior rating    major fundraiser, Steptember.




For personal use only
                    and features high-quality materials selected for their functionality,
                    longevity and energy efficiency.                                        Supporting health and wellbeing
                                                                                            Goodman is the Founding Partner of The Fred Hollows
                    The new office uses half the energy of the previous office,             Foundation in Hong Kong and funds eye care projects.
                    and team satisfaction and wellbeing have increased due to
                    activity-based working, better spaces and a wider range of              Goodman has funded the Xingtang project which
                    end-of-trip and recreational facilities.                                has screened 112,736 people, trained 805 doctors
                                                                                            in eye care courses, provided 440 screening kits and
                    The meeting rooms were given Māori names with the office                trained one cataract surgeon and two nurses to perform
                    also blessed prior to moving in. The use of Te Reo (the Māori           cataract surgery.
                    language) and the training that staff received in its use and
                    protocols reflect New Zealand’s unique heritage and are                 The Fred Hollows Foundation provides sustainable eye
                    consistent with a business acknowledging the diversity                  care services for rural, poor and ethnic minority communities
                    of its population.                                                      around the world.
                    Meanwhile, around 90% of waste building materials were                  Goodman has funded two projects in China to build eye
                    recycled, including used furniture and equipment. This minimised        health screening and education systems. The first, completed
                    landfill waste and the proceeds from the goods sold were directed       in February 2018, in Xingtang, Hebei, has been extended
                    to the Goodman Foundation.                                              for a further 12 months.
                    While it was a complex project, with a challenging budget and           Towards zero hunger
                    deadline, the result was a great outcome for our New Zealand            Goodman provides warehouse space, vehicles and equipment,
                    team members.                                                           and our teams volunteer and raise funds to support organisations
                    Our customers                                                           that reduce hunger and food wastage, including OzHarvest,
                                                                                            KiwiHarvest, UKHarvest, Feeding Hong Kong and Second
                    Our customers are at the centre of our own+develop+manage               Harvest Foodbank of Orange County, USA.
                    business model.
                                                                                            Without Goodman’s support, OzHarvest could not have
                    We work closely with them to understand their needs and build           delivered almost 100 million meals, helped 1,000 charities
                    strong relationships. All customers have direct access to a             and saved 31,000 tonnes of food from landfill.
                    dedicated team trained to manage their requirements.
                                                                                            OzHarvest collects quality excess food from commercial outlets
                    We use customer feedback to constantly improve our service.             and delivers it to more than 1,000 charities supporting people
                    We conduct global customer research to enable us to meet                in need.
                    expectations and, if our performance slips, we’ll correct it.
                                                                                            Making space for responsible consumption
                    Our customers are leveraging our global experience to expand
                    their business across borders. We’re increasingly working with          Goodman supports charities such as Thread Together and
                    them to source warehousing solutions in multiple markets.               Good360 Australia, which redirect excess goods to charities
                    Sixty-five percent of our top twenty customers now have                 while reducing waste.
                    Goodman properties in more than one country. This is a                  Goodman has helped enable Good360 Australia to
                    trend we expect to grow among our 1,600+ customer base.                 collect more than $50 million in brand new goods
                    Our community                                                           to be redistributed to over 800 charities.
                    The Goodman Foundation believes in giving back in tangible              Good360 Australia connects surplus brand new goods from
                    ways to the communities where we operate. We focus on                   businesses, such as clothes, toys, school and office supplies,
                    social change through improving the quality of life of those            personal care and household goods to charities and Australians
                    less privileged.                                                        who need them, while improving environmental outcomes. This
                                                                                            amounts to over 3.6 million items from microwaves to toiletries
                    Space for children’s health and safety                                  and nappies. It has distributed more than $22.3 million in critical
                    Goodman is passionate about ensuring the health, safety and             goods to people in need in Australia, which also has a huge
                    wellbeing of children. We support many charities around the             environmental impact as these products are saved from landfill.
                    world focused on this cause including the Cerebral Palsy Alliance
                    (CPA), SOS Children’s Villages, Stepping Stone House, Little Olive      Goodman’s support with property space saved millions of dollars
                    Foundation, The Shepherd Centre, Raise Foundation and Humpty            for Good360 Australia so it could use those resources for core
                    Dumpty Foundation. Our support ranges from providing physical           programmes. The charity also uses the Goodman supplied
                    space, supporting operations and purchasing equipment, to our           warehouse to run traineeships for the long-term unemployed.
                    people volunteering, mentoring and providing other help.
                    Research successes since Goodman’s involvement
                    have seen the rate of cerebral palsy fall from 1/400 to
                    1/600 births.
                    CPA provides family-centred therapies, life skills programmes,
                    equipment and support for people and their families living with
                    cerebral palsy and other neurological and physical disabilities.
                    It drives international research into the prevention, treatment
                    and cure of cerebral palsy through the Cerebral Palsy Alliance
                    Research Foundation.
       014                                                                    goodmAn grouP



       PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE
       Continued



       Planet                                                                            UN Sustainable Development Goals
       Sustainability is about more than being green. It’s about building                The UNSDGs are a global blueprint for organisations to address
       a sustainable business for the future. We do this through long-                   the world’s most significant development challenges. They call
       term decision-making designed to have positive economic,                          for collaboration to end poverty, protect the planet and create
       environmental and social outcomes.                                                a sustainable future for all.




For personal use only
       Key to this is our responsibility to keep challenging ourselves to                We understand our role in a global sustainable future and as part
       improve our impact on the planet – both in our daily operations                   of our annual strategy review and planning process we reviewed
       and in how we develop and manage our properties.                                  how these goals aligned with our own sustainability strategy.
                                                                                         We found 8 of the 17 UNSDGs were relevant to our business.
       Our sustainability strategy                                                       Significant progress on our sustainability targets was made
       Goodman’s sustainability strategy is designed to make a                           this year.
       positive long-term impact and covers the following four
       target areas:                                                                     Benchmarking our performance
       1. Sustainable development – continuous sustainability                            Goodman Group and several of our Investment Partnerships
          improvement in our developments through innovation and                         participate in the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark
          helping our customers evaluate and incorporate sustainable                     (GRESB) survey to continuously review our performance.
          design initiatives                                                             We have succeeded in achieving consistently high scores and
       2. Asset management – managing and investing in our assets to                     in 2018, all previously participating Goodman entities achieved
          improve efficiency, long-term competitiveness and resilience                   3 star Green Star status or above, while two Partnerships were
       3. Corporate performance – measuring our impact, improving                        ranked first in their respective peer groups.
          our overall performance, managing our compliance
          obligations and engaging regularly with key stakeholders                       In addition, Goodman uses a proprietary sustainability
       4. People and community – inspiring and challenging our                           assessment tool for its industrial assets, the Goodman
          people, promoting safe workplaces and supporting                               Sustainability Snapshot, which is widely used in Continental
          community groups and charities through the Goodman                             Europe and more recently in Australia.
          Foundation.                                                                    Material issues
       In this section, we focus on the first two target areas, particularly             In the last six years, Goodman identified and refined a set of
       on how we are developing and managing assets sustainably.                         material issues fundamental to building long-term value and
       More information on target areas three and four is in the ‘People’                sustainable performance. We needed these issues to reflect
       section on page 12.                                                               not only our own principles but also our stakeholders’ input.




       This section highlights some of the significant aspects of Goodman’s
       sustainability strategy and performance in FY18. More details are available at:
       https://www.goodman.com/investor-centre/goodman-group-australia/annual-reports
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                              015




                    Sustainable development
                    Properties built smarter are ready for the challenges of tomorrow.
                    We are committed to high quality, reducing costs over a building’s
                    life cycle and using best practice sustainable techniques and
                    materials. We design and build our properties with the planet
                    in mind.




For personal use only
                        Goodman’s material issues      Goodman commitments               Short-term targets                FY18 performance

                        Flexible and adaptable         Develop assets that include       Significant amount of new         Formally adopted a base-
                        properties                     enhanced sustainability           developments certified across     building specification for all
                                                       standards that aim to meet        our regions by FY19               global developments that
                        Smart energy solutions         future demands of our                                               offer sustainability initiatives
                                                       customers and the climate         10 MW of new solar PV             including:
                        Supply chain                                                     projects completed or initiated
                        Biodiversity.                  Incorporate smart energy          by FY22.                          + Strategic site selection
                                                       solutions such as renewable                                            close to infrastructure,
                                                       energy generation, LED lights                                          consumers and transport
                                                       and smart metering
                                                                                                                           + Renewable energy from
                                                       Partner with our supply                                                rooftop solar PV systems
                                                       chains to create spaces using
                                                       responsible materials and                                           + Translucent roof sheeting
                                                       means                                                                  to maximise natural
                                                                                                                              lighting
                                                       Maximise opportunities in
                                                       infill locations                                                    + Fully automated LED
                                                                                                                              lights
                                                       Operate in a manner that
                                                       promotes biodiversity and                                           + Electrical sub metering
                                                       enhances habitat.                                                   + Glare control
                                                                                                                           + Low volatile organic
                                                                                                                              compound materials
                                                                                                                           + Rainwater harvesting
                                                                                                                           + End-of-trip facilities
                                                                                                                           + Drought tolerant native
                                                                                                                              landscaping
                                                                                                                           100% of Goodman’s
                                                                                                                           completed developments
                                                                                                                           included sustainable design
                                                                                                                           initiatives
                                                                                                                           Over 7 MW of renewable
                                                                                                                           energy installed or in progress
                                                                                                                           in Continental Europe, Japan
                                                                                                                           and Australia
                                                                                                                           Approximately 40% of
                                                                                                                           industrial space now has
                                                                                                                           a certified green rating in
                        Relevant UNSDGs                                                                                    Continental Europe
                                                                                                                           All new developments in
                                                                                                                           Continental Europe to have
                                                                                                                           electric vehicle charging
                                                                                                                           stations.
       016                                                             goodmAn grouP



       PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE
       Continued



       Clean energy progress                                                  How do we improve?
       The Group’s investment in solar energy infrastructure continues        Goodman is constantly looking to innovate and incorporate
       to gather momentum. Japan remains Goodman’s primary region             proven new technology. We investigate alternatives to existing
       for the installation of solar PV on rooftops, with a further 3 MW      materials and processes to enhance the long-term sustainability
       installed at Goodman Business Park, Chiba in greater Tokyo,            of our properties, and reduce our impact on the planet.
       taking our installed capacity in Japan to approximately 19 MW.




For personal use only
                                                                              Alternatives we are evaluating include:
       In Continental Europe, we now have 4 MW installed across
       seven projects.                                                        + Low carbon concrete products – the main element that
                                                                                produces carbon emissions in concrete mix, Portland
       In China, the 750 kW system at Goodman Qingpu Centre
                                                                                cement, is significantly lower in products such as Envisia
       in greater Shanghai is operating successfully and presents
                                                                                and Geopolymer Concrete. Using these can reduce
       a model for several projects in planning, including a proposal
                                                                                emissions by an estimated 30–70%
       for several small vertical installations on the external walls at
       Goodman Pudong International Airport Logistics Park.                   + Lower emission steel – products such as the carbon neutral
                                                                                cladding that has achieved Confidex Sustain certification
       In Australia, we are incorporating smaller systems as part of the
                                                                                which we are trialling in the UK, can reduce the carbon
       base-building specification for the majority of new developments
                                                                                intensity in steel.
       and beginning to retrofit solar on some existing buildings as
       opportunities arise.
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                           017




                    Asset management
                    Our ability to manage assets through their lifecycle improves their
                    long-term environmental and financial performance. We take a
                    strategic view of each asset and define a clear management plan
                    driven by location, age, capex requirements and functionality.
                    Through this approach, we can maximise the value of our portfolio




For personal use only
                    to keep meeting the needs of customers into the future.


                        Goodman’s material issues      Goodman commitments                Short-term targets                 FY18 performance

                        Customer relationships         Manage a high-quality              1 MW of solar PV installed or      LED lighting upgrades across
                                                       portfolio, prioritising energy     initiated globally on stabilised   the stabilised portfolios in
                        Resilient portfolio            and water efficiency               assets in FY19                     Australia, Continental Europe,
                        Monitoring efficiency                                                                                Hong Kong and Greater China
                                                       Manage assets while                An additional one million sqm
                        Reducing waste.                considering their                  of space upgraded to LED           + Approximately 87% of
                                                       current and future climate         lighting by FY22.                     common areas now
                                                       exposures                                                                use LED lights, reducing
                                                                                                                                energy consumption
                                                       Offer superior customer                                                  by up to 60% for our
                                                       service with lease clauses                                               China properties
                                                       that aim to reduce energy and
                                                       water use                                                             Climate Vulnerability
                                                                                                                             Assessment undertaken
                                                       Partner with our supply                                               in Australia
                                                       chain providers to promote
                                                       on-site waste management                                              6% reduction in energy
                                                       and provide recycling                                                 consumption across
                                                       opportunities.                                                        Goodman’s Australian office
                                                                                                                             portfolio using the Buildings
                                                                                                                             Alive system
                                                                                                                             Sydney corporate office
                                                                                                                             achieved a 5 Star NABERS
                                                                                                                             energy rating
                                                                                                                             Water usage measures and
                                                                                                                             landscaping across
                                                                                                                             our China properties include
                                                                                                                             the re-use of rainwater,
                                                                                                                             replacement of large lawns
                                                                                                                             with native hedges and
                                                                                                                             the use of vertical gardens
                                                                                                                             to improve amenity
                                                                                                                             Green lease clauses
                                                                                                                             encouraged customers and
                                                                                                                             Goodman to collaborate
                                                                                                                             sustainably. At least one green
                                                                                                                             lease clause was included in
                                                                                                                             79% of the leases signed in
                                                                                                                             Continental Europe, while 63%
                                                                                                                             included three clauses
                                                                                                                             Simply Cups recycling scheme
                                                                                                                             in the Sydney office is saving
                                                                                                                             more than 2,000 take-away
                        Relevant UNSDGs                                                                                      cups a month from landfill
                                                                                                                             We contributed to major
                                                                                                                             reductions in food waste and
                                                                                                                             landfill through our support of
                                                                                                                             food rescue charities.
       018                                                             goodmAn grouP



       PEOPLE PLANET AND PERFORMANCE
       Continued



       Goodman Sustainability Snapshot                                        The tool, widely used in Continental Europe and more recently
       Goodman Sustainability Snapshot is a proprietary tool                  in Australia, is still being refined, but we’re seeing some positive
       that assesses and compares the sustainability level of our             results. Going forward, we aim to use the insights from the
       buildings. The tool can be used as part of the feasibility analysis    Goodman Sustainability Snapshot tool to support investment
       for new developments and in our detailed asset plans for our           in sustainability initiatives that will help improve our assets for the
       stabilised assets.                                                     long-term.




For personal use only
       The tool helps us to:
       + Identify areas with potential for sustainability improvements
         so we can upgrade our targets accordingly
       + Improve transparency and make better investment decisions
       + Improve the overall quality of our portfolio.
       The tool’s analysis is based on six topics
       (each weighted differently):
       1. Green certification
       2. Lighting
       3. Heating, ventilation and air conditioning
       4. Insulation
       5. Building management system and metering
       6. Features including alternative energy sources, water reuse
          and treatment, waste, landscaping and biodiversity, and
          wellbeing.
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                          019




                    Performance                                                             Operational performance
                    Delivering solid financial results is critical to Goodman’s long-term   The consistent implementation of our own+develop+manage
                    sustainability; however, we measure our performance by our              strategy has delivered sustained growth across the Group for our
                    positive impact on stakeholders and the environment as well as          stakeholders.
                    by the numbers.
                                                                                            The portfolio continued to be the key driver of the strong




For personal use only
                    We discuss our progress on stakeholders and the environment in          operational result, with property fundamentals steadily improving
                    the ‘people’ and ‘planet’ sections of this report. Here we give a       in FY18.
                    snapshot of the Group’s operational performance.
                    For a thorough review of our financial performance, please see
                    the consolidated financial report on page 33.


                        Own                                          Develop                                        Manage



                        98%                                          $3.6 billion                                   $38.3 billion
                        Occupancy                                    Development WIP                                Total assets under management (AUM)
                        High occupancy was maintained with           Our development workbook increased to          External AUM grew 15% to $35.1 billion
                        tight supply in the urban and infill         80 projects across 12 countries, with global   driven by revaluation gains and
                        locations we operate in around the world.    demand driven by changes in technology.        development completions.



                        3.5 million                                  $3.2 billion                                   15%
                        Square metres                                Development commencements                      Average total return of Partnerships
                        New leases globally equated to $429          Two million sqm of developments                Continued strong performance of the
                        million in annual rental property income     commenced this year, with 71% on               Partnerships increased management
                        across the Group and Partnerships.           behalf of Partners or third parties.           earnings.



                        $2.8 billion                                 $3.5 billion                                   343
                        Revaluation gains                            Development completions                        Number of properties in Partnerships
                        By focusing on high-quality properties       We completed 2.2 million sqm of                Partnerships increasingly focused
                        in locations where supply is scarce, we      developments around the world with             on developing assets for long-term
                        increased our portfolio’s value.             87% leased to customers.                       ownership.
       020                                                    goodmAn grouP



       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

       Goodman’s Corporate Governance Statement can be viewed on our website at
       http://www.goodman.com/about-us/corporate-governance/statement




For personal use only
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                          021



                    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

                    Sustainability is about more than being green; it’s about building    OUR SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY
                    a sustainable business for the future. We aim to do this by           Goodman’s sustainability strategy addresses long-term issues
                    aligning the outcomes of our people with those of our customers,      and trends we believe are material to the sustainability of
                    Partners, community and Securityholders, in order to balance the      our operations. Our strategy comprises of four operational
                    long-term performance for all.                                        pillars of sustainability that connect Goodman’s purpose to its
                                                                                          own+develop+manage business model. These include:




For personal use only
                    For our teams to deliver to the highest possible standards,
                    we look to create a working environment that encourages               + Sustainable development – continuous improvement in our
                    collaboration, innovation, efficiency and long-term decision            developments through innovation and helping our customers
                    making. This is the most effective method, in our view, of              evaluate and incorporate sustainable design initiatives
                    delivering sustainable performance across our global operations       + Asset management – managing and investing in our assets to
                    and ultimately having a positive impact on people and the planet.       improve efficiency, long-term competitiveness and resilience
                    Our industry is experiencing transformational change. It’s caused     + Corporate performance – measuring our impact, improving
                    by rapid advances in technology, urbanisation, the growth of            our overall performance, managing our compliance
                    e-commerce, evolving patterns of consumer behaviour and the             obligations and engaging regularly with key stakeholders
                    modernisation of supply chains. These are significant drivers of      + People and community – inspiring and challenging our
                    customer demand globally.                                               people, promoting safe workplaces and supporting
                                                                                            community groups and charities through the Goodman
                    We view these technological and societal drivers as opportunities       Foundation.
                    more than challenges. Our business longevity requires we
                    embrace them and respond in a way that promotes our                   How is our sustainability governed?
                    sustainability commitments.                                           Goodman operates under a global sustainability policy that
                    The built environment represents approximately 30–40% of              encompases our operations and our Investment Partnerships
                    the world’s total CO2 emissions1. As a major developer and            globally. Implementation of our sustainability policy is influenced
                    manager of property assets, we acknowledge it is our ongoing          by local priorities and targets.
                    responsibility to reduce the emissions associated with the            Our sustainability policy is endorsed by the Goodman Board and
                    development and ongoing management of our properties. Also,           overseen by the Group Risk and Compliance Committee.
                    we are committed to creating climate resilient assets to minimise
                    the impact of a range of climate associated risks. Many of these      The Group Head of Sustainability, located in Goodman’s head
                    efforts require long-term investment, which ultimately benefits       office in Sydney, has responsibility for the policy and works with
                    our customers, the environment and the sustainability of our          the regions to implement the sustainability strategy globally.
                    operations.
                                                                                          We disclose our sustainability performance through various
                    Our focus on sustainability is evident in several considerations      channels including the Global Real Estate Sustainability
                    within Goodman’s business model. These include:                       Benchmark (GRESB), the Goodman website, regional websites,
                                                                                          investor newsletters, investor surveys, quarterly reports and
                    + The locations we choose provide proximity to final                  annual reports.
                      destination, reducing distances, emissions and costs for our
                      customers
                    + Our design specifications aim to minimise obsolecence and
                      maximise adaptability to remain relevant to our customers’
                      needs
                    + Redevelopment opportunities in infill areas look to create
                      efficient facilities closer to our customers’ end customers
                    + Continued investigation into technological advancements to
                      increase adaptability of our portfolio and reduce our impact
                      on the planet
                    + The continued positive impact of the Goodman Foundation in
                      the communities where we operate
                    + Deliver employee incentives that further align our people's
                      performance and wellbeing with long-term business
                      objectives.




                 1. Source: United Nations
       022                                                           goodmAn grouP



       SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
       Continued


       Are we getting it right?                                               What is material for Goodman?
       In the past 12 months, we have made good progress in each              Over the past six years, Goodman has refined the set of material
       of the four pillars.                                                   issues we believe are fundamental to building long-term value
                                                                              and sustainable performance. It is important these issues reflect
       Our development specifications continue to evolve. We are              our own principles, as well as stakeholder input. The issues have
       responding to our customers’ requirements and increasing our           been defined through consultation with:




For personal use only
       focus on reducing operating costs and incorporating advances
       in technology, from energy efficient lighting to water efficient       + Goodman’s senior leadership, global management and our
       landscaping.                                                             team members
                                                                              + Customers
       Over the year, we continued to invest in increasing energy             + Investors who’ve shared their aspirations for responsible
       efficiency across our stabilised portfolio, including replacing          investment
       less efficient lighting with LED lighting. Our renewable energy        + Industry leaders and experts.
       installations are growing, with more than 7 MW of new solar
       PV installations completed or in progress in Continental Europe,       We understand our role in a sustainable future and review how
       Japan and Australia.                                                   our objectives align with the overall aspirations of the UN
                                                                              Sustainable Development Goals (UNSDGs). As part of the annual
       We know our continued success depends on the performance               strategy review and planning process in 2018, we have evaluated
       of our people, and in 2018 we refreshed and expanded our               Goodman’s activities and the UNSDGs aspirations, and
       health and wellbeing programmes. In addition, all our people           compared these where relevant to our business and sustainability
       benefit from Goodman’s sustained growth through the Group’s            commitments. We identified eight UNSDGs as interrelated with
       long-term incentive plan. The plan is important in promoting           our sustainability objectives as detailed in the following section.
       long-term decision making and encouraging employees to
       choose outcomes which maximise sustainable results rather
       than expedient ones.
       We believe it is not only important to continually review our growth
       aspirations in a transforming industry, but also to measure our
       outcomes against the broader global market’s expectations to
       adapt and reassess our approach and results.
       We do this by benchmarking our real estate through GRESB,
       a globally recognised and utilised process used to evaluate the
       sustainability performance of real estate investment managers.
       Our initiatives, paired with the successful implementation of our
       risk management and governance policies, have resulted in
       consistently high scores in this benchmark, with all previously
       participating Goodman entities achieving 3 Star Green Star
       status or above, while two Goodman Partnerships achieved
       ‘Sector Leader’ for their respective peer groups.
       While this recognition is encouraging, we continually review our
       goals to remain relevant to the changing environment and believe
       there are real opportunities to improve.
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                           023




                    OUR PILLARS AND PERFORMANCE
                    Sustainable development
                    Aim: Develop world-class industrial spaces in the best locations to positively contribute to our customers, Investment Partners and
                    communities over the long term.




For personal use only
                        Goodman’s material issues        Goodman commitments                 Short-term targets                FY18 performance

                        Flexible and                     Develop assets with enhanced        Significant amount of new         Formalised base-building
                        adaptable properties             sustainability standards to         developments certified across     specification for all global
                                                         meet our customers’ future          our regions by FY19               developments incorporating
                                                         needs and the changing                                                sustainability initiatives
                                                         climate                             10 MW of new solar PV             consistent with achieving
                                                                                             projects completed or initiated   high design ratings and
                                                         Maximise opportunities in infill    by FY22.                          certifications
                                                         locations
                                                                                                                               Over 7 MW of renewable
                        Smart energy solutions           Incorporate smart energy                                              energy installed or in progress
                                                         solutions such as renewable                                           Over 1.1m sqm of industrial
                                                         energy, LED lighting and smart                                        space with a certified green
                                                         metering                                                              rating in Continental Europe.

                        Supply chain                     Partner with our supply
                                                         chains to create spaces using
                                                         responsible materials and
                                                         means

                        Biodiversity.                    Operate in a way that
                                                         promotes biodiversity and
                                                         enhances habitat.

                        Relevant UNSDGs




                    Our design specifications are aimed at adapting to our                   Common features in our developments include:
                    customers’ transforming industries and optimising efficiency.
                    In FY18, we formalised this commitment by adopting a base-               + Strategic site selection close to infrastructure, consumers
                    build specification for all development globally that incorporates         and transport
                    sustainability initiatives consistent with achieving high design         + Renewable energy from rooftop solar PV systems
                    ratings and certifications.                                              + Translucent roof sheeting to maximise natural lighting
                                                                                             + Fully automated LED lighting
                    We work with customers and consultants on new projects,                  + Electrical sub metering
                    incorporating technology and design features to improve the long-        + Glare control
                    term performance of each property.                                       + Low volatile organic compound (VOC) materials
                                                                                             + Rainwater harvesting
                    Increasingly, the design of modern warehouses is being                   + End of trip facilities
                    influenced by health and wellbeing initiatives. These manifest in        + Drought tolerant native landscaping
                    features such as breakout spaces, fitness and recreation facilities      + Roof height safety.
                    and services such as cafés and child care centres, previously
                    non-existent in logistics precincts. Recent trends have seen
                    increasing investment in:
                    + Health, wellbeing and customer comfort
                    + Climate adaptation
                    + Automation and capacity for electric vehicles
                    + Energy and water efficiency
                    + Amenity, aesthetic and low maintenance elements.
                    We design to suit respective regional markets. The underlying
                    principles, however, include sustainable initiatives that are globally
                    consistent among our operating regions.
       024                                                          goodmAn grouP



       SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
       Continued


       Exploring innovation                                                Goodman Venlo Logistics Centre, Venlo, the Netherlands
       Constant innovation is crucial. We incorporate proven new           The new, flexible logistics property is Goodman’s sixth project in
       technologies and investigate alternatives to existing materials     Venlo, which is regarded as one of the Netherland’s top logistics
       and processes. Changes to our customers’ operations require         locations for cross-border e-commerce fulfilment.
       new solutions that also contribute to our sustainability goals.
                                                                           Situated at the intersecting motorways A67 and A73, the




For personal use only
       Automation is significantly enhancing productivity in warehouses,   Goodman Venlo Logistics Centre presents logistics efficiencies
       resulting in operational efficiencies, reduced costs and quicker    for companies to manage their flow of goods efficiently across
       deliveries to the end customer. However, it can also increase       Europe, with good multimodal links by water, rail and road.
       energy consumption and a property’s environmental footprint.
       Our Development team constantly reviews innovations in energy       The new 19,192 sqm flexible property comprises of industrial
       efficiency and renewable power to manage this impact, for           and office facilities to meet the needs of companies from
       example, in solar PV systems and LED lighting.                      various industries such as e-commerce and retail. The property
                                                                           incorporates a variety of sustainability features including:
       Reducing carbon emissions is a major consideration for the
       Group and some of our greatest reductions may be achieved           + Target BREEAM excellent rating
       during the development process. As such, we continually             + Flexible design to suit various uses
       investigate lower emission construction methods and products,       + 700kW rooftop solar PV system
       in addition to technologies that reduce emissions from the          + LED lighting throughout the warehouse
       operational phase of each building’s lifecycle.                     + Electric vehicle charge points
                                                                           + Water efficient fixtures
       Concrete and steel production are major contributors to
       emissions from construction materials. As such, we are reviewing    Rochedale Motorway Estate, Brisbane, Australia
       options to reduce the embodied carbon in our developments,          Rochedale Motorway Estate is Brisbane’s newest industrial
       such as modified forms of concrete. While technologies that meet    precinct on the Gateway Motorway, providing unrivalled access
       our specific requirements are not widely available or viable just   to Brisbane’s metropolitan areas via the Logan and Pacific
       yet, we have taken meaningful steps to advance the potential use    motorways. The cutting-edge industrial facility is fully leased to an
       of some of these alternatives.                                      existing Goodman customer who was attracted to the property
                                                                           due to this road access and its proximity to the port and airport.
       For example, we continue to review low-carbon concrete
       products such as Envisia and Geopolymer Concrete. These             The facility boasts the majority of Goodman’s sustainability
       products offer significantly lower concentration of Portland        features including:
       cement (the main emission producing element in concrete mix),       + LED lighting throughout the warehouse
       reducing emissions by an estimated 30-70%.                          + Translucent roof panels to maximise natural lighting in the
       The iron and steel industry produces about 5% of the total world      warehouse
       greenhouse gas emissions per annum. We are investigating            + Daylight sensors in the warehouse and motion sensors in the
       sources and availability of lower emission steel, to identify         office areas to modulate lighting usage
       potential alternatives with a reduced carbon intensity. This can    + 2 x 45,000 litre rainwater tanks, used for toilets, irrigation and
       be achieved through either the manufacturing process or the           cleaning purposes
       purchase of carbon offsets such as the carbon neutral cladding      + Water efficient bathroom fixtures
       we have been trialling in the UK which has been certificed by       + Drought tolerant landscaping
       Confidex Sustain, UK.                                               + End of trip bicycle facilities
       Certification                                                       Goodman Pinghu North Logistics Centre Phase 1,
       We use various rating schemes around the world to certify the       Pinghu, China
       green attributes of our properties, including DGNB in Germany,      Goodman Pinghu North Logistics Centre Phase 1 comprises
       Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) in the         34,043 sqm of new single storey warehouse space across two
       United States and Comprehensive Assessment System for               separate buildings, in the greater Shanghai area. The modern
       Built Environment Efficiency (CASBEE) in Japan.                     logistics facility reached practical completion in January 2018 and
                                                                           is 100% leased to a domestic logistics provider. It has a range of
       In regions where certification is more cost prohibitive, such       sustainability features now commonly found in Goodman’s recent
       as Australia and New Zealand, we consult with customers             developments in China. These include:
       to understand the additional costs and evaluate these in the
       context of our customers’ and our own desired sustainability        + LED lighting throughout the warehouse
       outcomes.                                                           + Translucent roof panels to maximise natural lighting
                                                                           + Rainwater tanks to capture rainwater for irrigation purposes
       Below are a number of case studies which demonstrate                + Native landscaping to reduce water consumption
       Goodman’s sustainable development initiatives in practice.          + Dedicated breakout space with outdoor seating area to
                                                                             improve occupant amenity
                                                                           + Off-shutter concrete to improve aesthetics and minimise
                                                                             ongoing maintenance
                                                                           + Good access to major Shanghai road networks including
                                                                             the S36 Highway.
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                         025




                    ASSET MANAGEMENT
                    Aim: Maintain a resilient and high-quality portfolio that will meet our customers’ future needs.

                        Goodman's material issues       Goodman commitments                Short-term targets                 FY18 performance




For personal use only
                        Customer relationships          Manage a high-quality              1 MW of solar PV installed or      6% reduction in energy
                                                        portfolio, prioritising energy     initiated globally on stabilised   consumption across
                                                        and water efficiency               assets in FY19                     Goodman’s Australian office
                                                                                                                              portfolio
                                                                                           An additional one million sqm
                                                                                           of space upgraded to LED           LED lighting upgrades across
                                                                                           lighting by FY22.                  the stabilised portfolios in
                                                                                                                              Australia, Continental Europe,
                        Resilient portfolio             Manage assets and consider                                            and Greater China
                                                        their current and future climate                                      Sydney head office achieved a
                                                        exposures                                                             5 Star NABERS Energy rating
                                                                                                                              Water efficiency measures for
                        Monitoring efficiency           Offer superior customer                                               landscaping across China.
                                                        service with leases that help
                                                        to reduce of energy and water
                                                        use

                        Reducing waste.                 Partner with our supply chain
                                                        to promote onsite waste
                                                        management and recycling
                                                        opportunities.

                        Relevant UNSDGs
       026                                                            goodmAn grouP



       SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
       Continued


       Our ability to manage our assets through their lifecycle improves      We’ve also placed significant focus on the landscaping across the
       their long-term environmental and financial performance. We take       China portfolio to make it more sustainable. With such a varied
       a strategic view of each asset and define a clear management           climate, our Property Services team is looking at the capture and
       plan driven by location, age, capex requirements and functionality.    reuse of rainwater, the replacement of large lawns with native
                                                                              hedges and the use of vertical gardens to improve estate amenity.
       Retrofitting a building is less flexibile than development; however,




For personal use only
       it extends the operational life of the property and supports our       Undertaking sustainability ratings for our industrial portfolio
       broader infill strategy. During the year, we succeeded in              remains a priority. At present, we use various schemes globally
       numerous retrofitting programmes to continually improve                to rate our stabilised portfolios and have several pilot ratings in
       our stabilised portfolios.                                             progress in Australia, China and Continental Europe.
       Lighting upgrades improve energy efficiency and reduce our             In addition, Goodman uses a proprietary sustainability
       customers’ costs. LED lighting in warehouses has advanced              assessment tool for its industrial assets. The Goodman
       to the point that additional upfront costs can be recovered in         Sustainability Snapshot which is widely used in Goodman’s
       less than a year through the energy saved and maintenance              European business and more recently in Australia. It assesses and
       costs avoided.                                                         compares the sustainability level of our buildings and can be used
                                                                              for feasibility analysis for new developments and in the detailed
       In Australia, the office buildings which utilise the Buildings Alive   asset plans for our stabilised assets.
       monitoring system reduced energy consumption by an estimated
       6% during the year. The system is primarily a real time
       performance monitoring tool, providing a daily performance report
       to our building management teams, as well as a peak demand
       warning system. It assists in planning power use to reduce peak
       power requirements and energy costs for customers, and will
       enable ongoing monitoring of our energy efficiency initiatives
       such as solar PV in the future.
       In Europe, more than one million square metres of warehouse
       space is now equipped with LED lighting, reducing energy
       consumption and costs. This ultimately improves let-ability of the
       property and long-term rental growth and contributes to having
       a flexible portfolio.
       Approximately 87% of the common area lighting in our properties
       across China is now equipped with LED ighting, reducing energy
       consumption by up to 60%. LED is now our development
       standard for all developments in China.
                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                          027




                    CORPORATE PERFORMANCE
                    Aim: To be a trusted partner to all stakeholders by maintaining positive relationships and commitments to compliance, disclosure and
                    community connection.

                        Goodman’s material issues      Goodman commitments              Short-term targets                FY18 performance




For personal use only
                        Risk management                Ensure we operate with           A further 10 MW of solar PV       Regular engagement with
                                                       responsibility and dedicate      installed by FY22 to act on       regulatory authorities and
                                                       resources to managing            climate change                    stakeholders, including
                                                       business risks i.e. compliance                                     European customer
                                                       and ongoing financial            15% reduction of our              engagement initiative
                                                       sustainability                   corporate carbon emissions
                                                                                        by FY22                           GRESB 3 Star Green Star
                                                                                                                          status or above achieved by
                        Corporate governance           Operate within governance        0–25% gearing ratio               all previously participating
                                                       structures that uphold           Minimum GRESB 3 Star              Goodman entities.
                                                       our operating policies,          Green Star result for all
                                                       employment conduct and           Goodman submissions.
                                                       investment strategy
                                                       Regularly and consistently
                                                       disclose to and engage with
                                                       stakeholders

                        Carbon emissions.              Collect data to monitor
                                                       progress on carbon emission
                                                       reduction targets.

                        Relevant UNSDGs




                    Goodman operates in a highly regulated environment where our governance structures and compliance commitments are critical.
                    We provide timely information about our business to our customers, Partners, the investment community and regulators.
                    In FY18, Goodman’s European business completed a major engagement initiative, meeting with customers to discuss
                    sustainability matters. The discussions identified common goals, particularly relating to employee wellbeing and measures to improve
                    energy efficiency.
       028                                                          goodmAn grouP



       SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
       Continued


       GRESB LEADERSHIP
       Goodman has participated in the GRESB survey for seven years, and been a company member for five.
       GRESB scores and benchmarks companies’ Environmental, Social and Governance performance, giving insights to investors and
       participants. In 2018, 903 property companies and funds, jointly representing more than US$3.6 trillion in assets under management,
       participated in the GRESB Real Estate Assessment. More than 75 institutional and retail investors, including pension funds and




For personal use only
       insurance companies, representing over US$18 trillion of institutional capital, use GRESB.
       In FY18, Goodman submitted surveys for eight separate entities, including the recently launched Goodman Brazil Partnership. Our
       results were again strong, with all previously participating Partnerships achieving status of 3 Green Star or above,with the Goodman
       Australia Industrial Partnership and Goodman Japan Core Partnership awarded ‘Sector Leader’ within their respective peer groups.
       These results demonstrate our long-term commitment to understanding the global impact of our business.
       In summary, the results across our global portfolio, including managed partnerships - which hold $35 billion of the Group’s total assets
       of $38 billion – were:
       + Goodman Australia Industrial Partnership (GAIP) and Goodman Japan Core Partnership (GJCP) ranked 1st in their respective
         peer groups
       + All previously participating Goodman Partnerships maintained Green Star status, achieving 3 Star or above, with three Partnerships
         achieving 4 Star (Green Star is the highest category, but respondents that achieve Green Star are then rated 1–5, with 5 the best)
       + Both GAIP and GJCP improved their 2017 scores by 16%
       + Goodman Group finished 2nd in its peer group (Developer, Industrial) and achieved Green Star 4 Star status.
       GRESB results
                                2018 score                                            Peer
                                 relative to         Year                            group
       Partnership              peer group         change        Green Star (1–5)     rank    Peer group
       Goodman Australia             +25%           +16%             Yes – 4 Star        1st Industrial | Australia | Non-listed
       Industrial Partnership
       Goodman Australia             +19%            +9%             Yes – 4 Star        3rd Industrial | Australia | Non-listed
       Partnership
       Goodman Hong Kong             +18%            +5%             Yes – 3 Star        4th Industrial | East Asia | Non-listed
       Logistics Partnership
       Goodman Japan Core            +35%           +15%             Yes – 4 Star        1st Industrial | East Asia | Non-listed
       Partnership
       Goodman European              +16%           +16%             Yes – 4 Star        6th Industrial | Europe | Non-listed | Indirectly
       Partnership                                                                           Managed
       Goodman UK                      –8%            –2%            Yes – 3 Star        4th Developer | Industrial
       Logistics Partnership                                                                 Developer Assessment
       Goodman Group                 +10%             –1%            Yes – 4 Star       2nd Developer | Industrial
                                                                Public Disclosure           Developer Assessment
                                                                          Level B

       These results demonstrate our commitment to managing the impact of our business on people and the planet.
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                       029




                    Responding to climate change risk                                         Greenhouse gas emissions
                    Goodman realises our buildings are exposed to various climates            Goodman’s FY18 greenhouse gas emissions for its Australian
                    and weather patterns in our diverse operating regions. Properties         operations are estimated at 35,524 tonnes of CO2-e., a reduction
                    in our global portfolio reflect local building regulations and building   of 2,032 tonnes.The decrease is primarily due to asset sales
                    practices that generally take into account local climatic conditions.     completed during the year and energy efficiencies across the
                                                                                              portfolio.




For personal use only
                    We are working with experts to understand potential impacts
                    under various climate scenarios and to identify opportunities             Our greenhouse gas calculation includes scope 1 and 2
                    to mitigate long-term impacts. Assessments can include both               emissions generated by Goodman’s Australian property and
                    historical data and climate forecasts and look at the vulnerability       building management services, including assets owned directly
                    of specific locations to conditions such as rain, hail, storms,           by Goodman and those in our Partnerships. Where submetering
                    flooding, snow, wind, fire and heat.                                      allows, we have excluded the greenhouse gas emissions of
                                                                                              our customers.
                    Our Property teams can use this and other climate related
                    information to assess and manage the risks to existing assets             Greenhouse gas emissions
                    and new assets to be acquired or developed.                               (tCO2-e)
                    Clean and renewable energy
                    The Group’s investment in solar energy infrastructure continues
                                                                                              46,498
                    to gain momentum. Japan remains Goodman’s primary region
                    for the installation of solar PV on rooftops, with a further 3 MW
                                                                                                       41,634
                    installed at the Goodman Business Park in greater Tokyo, taking
                    our installed capacity in Japan to approximately 19 MW. In                                  39,548
                    Continental Europe, an additional 4 MW was installed in the last                                     37,566
                    year across seven projects.                                                                                   35,524

                    In China, the 750kW system at Goodman Quinpu Centre in
                    Greater Shanghai is operating successfully and presents a model
                    for several projects in planning including potential vertical solar
                    installations on the external walls at the Goodman Pudong Airport
                    Logistics Park.
                    In Australia, we are incorporating solar PV systems as part of the
                    base-build specification for the majority of new developments.
                    Continued evolution of renewable technologies, particularly
                    solar and battery, is a growing opportunity. Through continued
                    investigation and a thorough understanding of our customers’
                    usage requirements, we expect to be able to deliver more efficient
                    energy solutions over time, which will provide economic returns to
                    both Goodman and our customers, as well as environmental and
                    sustainability benefits.
                    Some of these technologies must be implemented during the                 FY14     FY15     FY16     FY17     FY18

                    development phase but some can be retrofitted to existing
                    estates. Over time, given the scale of our platform, bulk renewable
                    energy purchasing, or large scale renewable off-takes, could
                    provide access to cheap renewable power to our customers in
                    properties with a limit to the amount of renewable power that can
                    be installed onsite.
       030                                                        goodmAn grouP



       SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
       Continued


       PEOPLE AND COMMUNITY
       Aim: Maintain a diverse workplace culture committed to wellbeing and supported by the Goodman values.

         Goodman’s material issues      Goodman commitments              Short-term targets              FY18 performance




For personal use only
         Diversity and workplace        Maintain an inclusive and        10% increase in volunteering    4% increase from FY17 in
                                        diverse workplace culture        hours through the Good +        Good + Heart hours donated
                                        supported by the Goodman         Heart programme from            by our people
                                        values                           FY17 – FY20
                                                                                                         Staff fundraising increased by
                                                                         Increase staff engagement       15% year on year.
         Safety and wellbeing           Develop assets which             through number of
                                        promote health and wellbeing     participants and funds raised
                                        for customers                    through Good + Deeds from
                                        Create a culture where all       FY17 – FY20.
                                        team members, suppliers and
                                        customers are responsible for
                                        workplace safety

         Community connectedness.       Support initiatives through
                                        the Goodman Foundation
                                        that create social value in
                                        the community.

         Relevant UNSDGs
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                          031




                    Our customers                                                               Setting the benchmark high
                    Our customers are at the centre of our own+develop+manage                   Goodman’s new Auckland city office was developed with a
                    business model. We understand their needs by working closely                commitment to corporate social responsibility. The office sets
                    with them and building strong relationships. Every Goodman                  a high benchmark for refurbished business space.
                    customer has direct access to a dedicated team.
                                                                                                It is expected to receive a 5 Star Green Star Office Interior rating




For personal use only
                    Our customers are leveraging our global experience to expand                and features a high-quality fitout using materials, furnishings and
                    their business across borders. We’re increasingly working with              lighting systems selected for their functionality, longevity and
                    them to source warehousing solutions in multiple markets.                   energy efficiency.
                    Sixty-five percent of our top 20 customers now have Goodman
                    properties in more than one country. This is a trend we expect to           The new office uses half the energy of the previous office, and
                    grow among our 1,600+ customer base.                                        team satisfaction and well-being have increased due to activity-
                                                                                                based working, better spaces and a wider range of facilities.
                    Many of our customers now expect that wellbeing is factored into
                    Goodman’s developments. We are increasingly providing end                   Meanwhile, around 90% of waste building materials were
                    of trip facilities, fitness equipment, recreation facilities, breakout      recycled, including used furniture and equipment. This minimised
                    spaces, kiosks and cafés, as employers strive to provide benefits           landfill waste and the proceeds of the goods sold were directed
                    that attract and retain a high-quality and motivated workforce.             to the Goodman Foundation.

                    This is particularly evident in Japan where features such as                While it was a complex project and the budget and deadline
                    the jogging track at Goodman Akamatsudai and the roof top                   proved challenging, the result was great outcome for our
                    recreation facilities at Goodman Business Park Chiba, illustrate            New Zealand team members.
                    our commitment to our customers’ evolving requirements.
                    Our people
                    In recent years Goodman rolled out a programme to take us from
                    being a good company to becoming a great one. The goal is for
                    each of our approximately 1,000 Goodman people in 17 countries
                    to understand how to:
                    + Deliver to the highest standard
                    + Work as part of a team that is focused on the customer
                    + Consistently adhere to our values
                    + Deliver exceptional customer service
                    + Help to build a sustainable business for all our stakeholders
                    + Avoid complacency and keep excelling.
                    For our teams to deliver to the highest standards, we provide an
                    environment that encourages collaboration, innovation, efficiency
                    and long-term decision making.
                    We’re committed to the health, wellbeing and development of our
                    people, and provide local programmes that promote workplace
                    health and safety, learning and development and social activities.
                    In order to execute this commitment Goodman has developed
                    and is actively implementing a Global Safety Framework which
                    includes:
                    + Goodman safety + environmental standards
                    + Goodman safety corporate governance framework
                    + Critical operational risk control guidelines
                    + Monitoring and continuous improvement.
                    Space to collaborate
                    Most of our global offices are now designed for activity-based
                    working. This layout style frees our people from the constraints
                    of a single fixed desk and offers them a variety of settings to
                    complete their work. The transformational design has led to
                    improved well-being and overall team satisfaction as well as:
                    + greater collaboration, innovation, flexibility and creativity
                    + reduced power and paper usage.
       032                                                             goodmAn grouP



       SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
       Continued


       Our community                                                          Towards zero hunger
       The Goodman Foundation encourages team members to give                 Goodman provides warehouse space, vehicles and equipment,
       back in satisfying and tangible ways to the communities around         and our teams volunteer and raise funds to support organisations
       them. Whether it’s supporting the homeless or raising money for        that reduce hunger and food wastage, including OzHarvest,
       charities, the Goodman Foundation facilitates the process, and         KiwiHarvest, UKHarvest, Feeding Hong Kong and Second
       provides additional financial support.                                 Harvest Foodbank of Orange County, USA.




For personal use only
       Space for children’s health and safety                                 Without Goodman’s support, OzHarvest could not have
       Goodman is passionate about ensuring the health, safety and            delivered almost 100 million meals, helped 1,000 charities
       wellbeing of children. We support many charities around the            and saved 31,000 tonnes of food from landfill.
       world focused on this cause including the Cerebral Palsy Alliance      OzHarvest collects quality excess food from commercial outlets
       (CPA), SOS Children’s Villages, Stepping Stone House, Little Olive     and delivers it to more than 1,000 charities supporting people
       Foundation, The Shepherd Centre, Raise Foundation and Humpty           in need.
       Dumpty Foundation. Our support ranges from providing physical
       space, supporting operations and purchasing equipment, to our          Making space for responsible consumption
       people volunteering, mentoring and providing other help.               Goodman supports charities such as Thread Together and
       Research successes since Goodman’s involvement                         Good360 Australia, which redirect excess goods to charities
       have seen the rate of cerebral palsy fall from 1/400 to                while reducing waste.
       1/600 births.                                                          Goodman has helped enable Good360 Australia to
       CPA provides family-centred therapies, life skills programmes,         collect more than $50 million in brand new goods
       equipment and support for people and their families living with        to be redistributed to over 800 charities.
       cerebral palsy and other neurological and physical disabilities.       Good360 Australia connects surplus brand new goods from
       It drives international research into the prevention, treatment        businesses, such as clothes, toys, school and office supplies,
       and cure of cerebral palsy through the Cerebral Palsy Alliance         personal care and household goods to charities and Australians
       Research Foundation.                                                   who need them, while improving environmental outcomes. This
       Goodman has supported CPA and the Cerebral Palsy Alliance              amounts to over 3.6 million items from microwaves to toiletries
       Research Foundation to become one of the leading independent           and nappies. It has distributed more than $22.3 million in critical
       funders of cerebral palsy research globally, funding over              goods to people in need in Australia, which also has a huge
       $36 million in research grants across 300 projects in the past         environmental impact as these products are saved from landfill.
       12 years. Goodman is the exclusive global partner of CPA’s             Goodman’s support with property space saved millions of dollars
       major fundraiser, Steptember.                                          for Good360 Australia so it could use those resources for core
       Supporting health and wellbeing                                        programmes. The charity also uses the Goodman supplied
                                                                              warehouse to run traineeships for the long-term unemployed.
       Goodman is the Founding Partner of The Fred Hollows
       Foundation in Hong Kong and funds eye care projects.
       Goodman has funded the Xingtang project which
       has screened 112,736 people, trained 805 doctors
       in eye care courses, provided 440 screening kits and
       trained one cataract surgeon and two nurses to perform
       cataract surgery.
       The Fred Hollows Foundation provides sustainable eye
       care services for rural, poor and ethnic minority communities
       around the world.
       Goodman has funded two projects in China to build eye
       health screening and education systems. The first, completed
       in February 2018, in Xingtang, Hebei, has been extended
       for a further 12 months.
                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                033



                    GOODMAN LIMITED AND ITS CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                    Consolidated financial report for the year ended 30 June 2018



                    CONTENTS                                                         Notes to the consolidated financial statements
                    Directors’ report                                           34   Basis of preparation
                    Lead auditor’s independence declaration                     70    1 Basis of preparation                                 79
                                                                                     Results for the year
                    Consolidated statements of financial position               71
                                                                                      2 Profit before income tax                             81




For personal use only
                    Consolidated income statements                              72    3 Profit per security                                  83
                    Consolidated statements of comprehensive income             73    4 Segment reporting                                    84
                    Consolidated statements of changes in equity                74    5 Taxation                                             87
                    Consolidated cash flow statements                           78   Operating assets and liabilities
                                                                                      6 Property assets                                      89
                                                                                      7 Receivables                                          98
                                                                                      8 Payables                                             98
                                                                                      9 Provisions                                           99
                                                                                     10 Goodwill and intangible assets                       99
                                                                                     Capital management
                                                                                     11 Net finance expense                                  103
                                                                                     12 Interest bearing liabilities                         104
                                                                                     13 Other financial assets and liabilities               106
                                                                                     14 Financial risk management                            107
                                                                                     15 Dividends and distributions                          114
                                                                                     16 Issued capital                                       115
                                                                                     Other items
                                                                                     17 Notes to the cash flow statements                    117
                                                                                     18	Equity attributable to Goodman Limited
                                                                                         and non-controlling interests                       119
                                                                                     19 Controlled entities                                  121
                                                                                     20 Related parties                                      122
                                                                                     21 Commitments                                          124
                                                                                     22 Auditors’ remuneration                               125
                                                                                     23 Parent entity disclosures                            125
                                                                                     24 Events subsequent to balance date                    126
                                                                                     Directors’ declaration                                  127
                                                                                     Independent auditor’s report                            128
                                                                                     Appendix A – Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited financial
                                                                                     report for the year ended 30 June 2018                  134
       034                                                            goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT

       The directors (Directors) of Goodman Limited (ABN 69 000 123 071) and Goodman Funds Management Limited (GFML), the
       responsible entity for Goodman Industrial Trust (ARSN 091 213 839), present their Directors’ report together with the consolidated
       financial statements of Goodman Limited and the entities it controlled (Goodman or Group) and the consolidated financial statements
       of Goodman Industrial Trust and the entities it controlled (GIT) at the end of, or during, the financial year ended 30 June 2018 (FY18)
       and the audit report thereon.




For personal use only
       Shares in Goodman Limited (Company or GL), units in Goodman Industrial Trust (Trust) and CHESS Depositary Interests (CDIs) over
       shares in Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited (GLHK) are stapled to one another and are quoted as a single security on the Australian
       Stock Exchange (ASX). In respect of stapling arrangements, Australian Accounting Standards require an acquirer to be identified
       and an in-substance acquisition to be recognised and accordingly Goodman Limited is identified as having acquired control over the
       assets of GIT and GLHK. The consolidated financial statements of Goodman Limited therefore include the results of GIT and GLHK.
       As permitted by the relief provided in Australian Securities & Investments Commission (ASIC) Instrument 18-0353, the accompanying
       consolidated financial statements present both the financial statements and accompanying notes of Goodman and GIT. GLHK,
       which is incorporated and domiciled in Hong Kong, prepares its financial statements under Hong Kong Financial Reporting
       Standards and the applicable requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and accordingly the financial statements of
       GLHK have not been combined and included as adjacent columns in the consolidated financial statements. The financial statements
       of GLHK have been included as an appendix to this report.
       PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL REPORT OF GOODMAN INDUSTRIAL TRUST
       GFML, as responsible entity for the Trust, is solely responsible for the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial report
       of GIT, in accordance with the Trust’s Constitution and the Corporations Act 2001.
       PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
       Goodman is a global integrated property group and one of the world’s leading listed industrial property groups. Goodman is focused
       on its proven business model of owning, developing and managing industrial property and business space in key markets around the
       world.
       The principal activities of Goodman during the course of the current financial year were investment in directly and indirectly held
       industrial property, investment management, property services and property development. Goodman’s key operating regions during
       the financial year were Australia and New Zealand, Asia, Continental Europe, United Kingdom and the Americas.
       DIRECTORS
       The directors of the Company and GFML at any time during, or since the end of, the financial year were:
       Directors                                                                                      Appointments/retirements during the year
       Mr Ian Ferrier AM (Independent Chairman)
       Mr Gregory Goodman (Group Chief Executive Officer)
       Mr Philip Fan (Independent Director)                                                                          Retired 16 November 2017
       Mr John Harkness (Independent Director)                                                                       Retired 16 November 2017
       Mr Stephen Johns (Independent Director)
       Ms Anne Keating (Independent Director)                                                                        Retired 16 November 2017
       Ms Rebecca McGrath (Independent Director)
       Mr Danny Peeters (Executive Director, Corporate)
       Mr Phillip Pryke (Independent Director)
       Mr Anthony Rozic (Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer, North America)
       Mr Jim Sloman OAM (Independent Director)
       Ms Penny Winn (Independent Director)                                                                          Appointed 1 February 2018
       Details of the Directors’ qualifications and experience are set out on pages 67 to 68 in this Directors’ report.
       COMPANY SECRETARY
       The Company Secretary of the Company and GFML during and since the end of the financial year was Carl Bicego. Details of his
       qualifications and experience are set out on page 68 in this Directors’ report.
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                      035




                    DIRECTORS’ MEETINGS (GL AND GFML)
                    The number of Directors’ meetings held (including meetings of committees of Directors) and the number of meetings attended by each
                    of the Directors during the financial year were:
                    			                                                                                            Remuneration and
                    		                           Audit Committee                                                 Nomination Committee   Risk and Compliance




For personal use only
                                Board meetings       meetings                                                         meetings          Committee meetings
                    Directors Held1    Attended Held1     Attended                                                Held1     Attended     Held1     Attended
                    Mr Ian Ferrier                            10            10             4            4            3         3          –           –
                    Mr Gregory Goodman                        10            10             –            –            –         –          –           –
                    Mr Philip Fan2                             6             6             1            1            –         –          2           2
                    Mr John Harkness2                          6             6             1            1            –         –          2           2
                    Mr Stephen Johns3                         10            10             4            4            –         –          2           2
                    Ms Anne Keating2                           6             6             –            –            1         1          2           2
                    Ms Rebecca McGrath                        10            10             –            –            3         3          4           4
                    Mr Danny Peeters                          10            10             –            –            –         –          –           –
                    Mr Phillip Pryke                          10            10             4            4            3         3          –           –
                    Mr Anthony Rozic                          10            10             –            –            –         –          –           –
                    Mr Jim Sloman                             10            10             –            –            3         3          4           4
                    Ms Penny Winn4                             3             3             2            2            –         –          2           2
                  1. Reflects the number of meetings individuals were entitled to attend.
                  2. Mr Philip Fan, Mr John Harkness and Ms Anne Keating retired as Directors on 16 November 2017.
                  3. Mr Stephen Johns became a member of the Risk and Compliance Committee on 16 November 2017.
                  4. Ms Penny Winn was appointed as a Director on 1 February 2018.


                    OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW
                    Goodman strategy
                    Goodman’s vision is to be a global leader in industrial
                    property. This vision is executed through the integrated
                    “own+develop+manage” business capabilities.
                    The business capabilities are supported by five strategic
                    “pillars”:
                    + Quality partnerships – develop and maintain strong
                      relationships with key stakeholders including customers,
                      investment partners, suppliers and employees;
                    + Quality product and service – deliver high quality product
                      and customer service in key logistics markets globally by
                      actively leveraging Goodman’s industrial sector expertise,
                      development and management experience and global
                      operating platform;
                    + Culture and brand – promote Goodman’s unique and
                      recognisable brand and embed Goodman’s core values
                      across each operating division to foster a strong and
                      consistent culture. The core values are:
                      – Customer + Focus: “Be closer to the customer’s world and
                         their changing needs”;
                      – Innovative + Dynamic: “Be more creative in our thinking and
                         more creative in our actions”;
                      – Open + Fair: “Be adaptable and considerate in our dealings
                         inside and outside our business”;
                      – Performance + Drive: “Do what we say we’ll do and make
                         things happen”; and
                      – Team + Respect: “Recognise the worth in each other and
                         collaborate for better results”;
                    + Operational efficiency – optimise business resources to
                      maximise effectiveness and drive efficiencies; and
                    + Capital efficiency – maintain active capital management
                      to facilitate appropriate returns and sustainability of the
                      business.
       036                                                                         goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       Continued



       OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED
       Financial highlights
                                                                                                                                 2018                  2017          Change %
       Revenue and other income before fair value adjustments on investment properties ($M)                                  1,999.0               2,101.5                 (4.9%)
       Fair value adjustments on investment properties including share of adjustments




For personal use only
       for associates and joint ventures (JVs) ($M)                                                                            673.8                 446.7                50.8%
       Revenue and other income ($M)                                                                                         2,672.8               2,548.2                 4.9%
       Profit attributable to Securityholders ($M)                                                                           1,098.2                 778.1                41.1%
       Total comprehensive income attributable to Securityholders ($M)                                                       1,300.3                 659.5                97.2%
       Operating profit ($M)                                                                                                   845.9                 776.0                 9.0%
       Basic profit per security (¢)                                                                                            61.1                  43.5                40.5%
       Operating profit per security (operating EPS) (¢)1                                                                       46.7                  43.1                 8.3%
       Dividends/distributions in relation to the financial year ($M)                                                          504.2                 463.4                 8.8%
       Dividends/distributions per security in relation to the financial year (¢)                                               28.0                  25.9                 8.1%
       Weighted average number of securities on issue (M)                                                                    1,798.8               1,787.3                 0.6%
       Total equity attributable to Securityholders ($M)                                                                     9,173.7               8,296.4                10.6%
       Number of securities on issue (M)                                                                                     1,800.8               1,789.1                 0.7%
       Net tangible assets per security ($)2                                                                                    4.64                  4.21                10.2%
       Net assets per security ($)2                                                                                             5.09                  4.64                 9.7%
       External assets under management ($B)                                                                                    35.1                  30.5                15.1%
       Development work in progress ($B)3                                                                                        3.6                   3.5                 2.9%
       Gearing (%)4                                                                                                              5.1                   5.9
       Interest cover5 (times)                                                                                                  16.2                   9.5
       Liquidity ($B)                                                                                                            3.4                   3.2
       Weighted average debt maturity (years)                                                                                    6.9                   3.7
     1. Operating profit per security (operating EPS) is the operating profit divided by the weighted average number of securities on issue during FY18, including
        securities relating to performance rights that have not yet vested but where the performance hurdles have been achieved. Operating profit comprises profit
        attributable to Securityholders adjusted for net property valuations gains, non-property impairment losses, net gains/losses from the fair value movements on
        derivative financial instruments and unrealised fair value and foreign exchange movements on interest bearing liabilities and other non-cash adjustments or non-
        recurring items e.g. the share based payments expense associated with Goodman’s Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP).
       The Directors consider that Goodman’s operating profit is a useful means through which to examine the underlying performance of the business, notwithstanding
        that operating profit is not an income measure under International Financial Reporting Standards.
     2.		Net tangible assets and net assets per security are stated after deducting amounts due to other non-controlling interests.
     3. Development work in progress is the end value of ongoing developments across Goodman and its managed partnerships.
     4. Gearing is calculated as total interest bearing liabilities over total assets, both net of cash and the fair values of derivative financial instruments included in other
        financial assets of $154.3 million (2017: $169.8 million) that hedge the net investments in Continental Europe and the United Kingdom. Total interest bearing
        liabilities are grossed up for the fair values of derivative financial instruments included in other financial liabilities of $31.9 million (2017: $nil) that hedge the net
        investment in Continental Europe.
     5. Interest cover is operating profit before net finance expense (operating) and income tax (operating) divided by the net finance expense (operating), excluding
        capitalised borrowing costs.
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                        037




                    Overview                                                              Analysis of performance
                    Goodman achieved an operating profit of $845.9 million for FY18,      Goodman’s key operating regions are Australia and New Zealand
                    compared to $776.0 million for the prior year, which equated to       (reported on a combined basis), Asia (Greater China and Japan),
                    an operating EPS of 46.7 cents, up 8.3% on FY17. Goodman’s            Continental Europe (primarily Germany, France and Poland),
                    overseas operations contributed 63% of the Group’s operating          United Kingdom and the Americas (North America and Brazil).
                    profit. Dividends and distributions relating to FY18 performance      The operational performance can be analysed into property




For personal use only
                    increased to 28.0 cents per security, up 8.1% on the prior year.      investment earnings, management earnings and development
                                                                                          earnings, and the Directors consider this presentation of the
                    Rising urban populations and advances in technology have              consolidated results facilitates a better understanding of the
                    continued to drive the growth in e-commerce while automation          underlying performance of Goodman given the differing nature
                    and use of robotics in supply chains has improved the speed of        of and risks associated with each earnings stream.
                    delivery to consumers. This has increased customer demand
                    for warehouses and industrial real estate close to major urban        Property investment earnings consist of gross property income
                    centres, which has been a key factor in Goodman’s operating           (excluding straight lining of rental income), less property
                    performance in FY18. At the same time, investment demand              expenses, plus Goodman’s share of the operating results of
                    for logistics assets has continued to be strong, with further         managed partnerships that is allocable to property investment
                    compression of capitalisation rates during FY18.                      activities which excludes the Group’s share of property
                                                                                          revaluations and derivative mark to market movements. The key
                    Property investment earnings were in line with expectations,          drivers for maintaining or growing Goodman’s property investment
                    although decreased slightly to $384.8 million from $396.7             earnings are increasing the level of AUM (subject also to
                    million in the prior year due to the completion of the portfolio      Goodman’s direct and indirect interest), maintaining or increasing
                    repositioning programme. Goodman’s property portfolios are            occupancy and rental levels within the portfolio, and changes in
                    concentrated in the large, urban centres which the Directors          financing arrangements.
                    believe will see higher valuation growth over the long term.
                    The high quality of these portfolios resulted in strong leasing       Management earnings comprise management income
                    activity and like for like rental growth of 3.2% during FY18,         plus Goodman’s share of the operating results of managed
                    with occupancy remaining high at 98%. Valuation growth was            partnerships that is allocable to management activities. The
                    again strong across the portfolios and the weighted average           key drivers for maintaining or growing management earnings
                    capitalisation rate at 30 June 2018 was 5.5% (2017: 5.9%).            are activity levels, asset performance, and increasing the
                                                                                          level of AUM, which can be impacted by property valuations
                    At 30 June 2018, Goodman’s total assets under management              and asset disposals and is also dependent on liquidity including
                    (AUM), including directly owned assets, were $38.3 billion (2017:     the continued availability of third party capital to fund both
                    $34.6 billion) and external AUM, excluding directly owned assets,     development activity and acquisitions across Goodman’s
                    were $35.1 billion (2017: $30.5 billion). As a consequence of         managed partnerships.
                    the increase in external AUM, base management fee income
                    increased in FY18 and portfolio performance fee income has            Development earnings consist of development income,
                    also been recognised as a result of the consistently strong total     plus Goodman’s share of the operating results of managed
                    returns delivered in the managed partnerships over several years.     partnerships that is allocable to development activities, plus net
                    Management earnings during the year increased to $316.5 million       gains or losses from disposals of investment properties and
                    from $266.6 million.                                                  equity investments that are allocable to development activities,
                                                                                          less development expenses. The key drivers for Goodman’s
                    Asset pricing has meant that development has continued to be          development earnings are the level of development activity and
                    the best way to access high quality assets in the target locations.   development margins and the continued availability of third party
                    Development earnings were $490.6 million in FY18 compared to          capital to fund development activity.
                    $482.9 million in the prior year. As at 30 June 2018, development
                    work in progress (WIP) was $3.6 billion across 80 projects. The
                    majority of development activity continued to be in the Group’s
                    managed partnerships. As at 30 June 2018, 76% of WIP was in
                    partnerships or on behalf of third parties.
                    The debt refinancing programme that was completed during
                    1H, having been started in FY17, has provided the Group with
                    an extended debt maturity profile at contemporary interest rates
                    and Goodman has maintained its prudent approach to capital
                    management, with gearing at 5.1% at 30 June 2018. This is
                    consistent with the focus on achieving sustainable long-term
                    growth for Securityholders.
                    Goodman’s statutory profit attributable to Securityholders
                    for FY18 was $1,098.2 million, an increase of $320.1 million
                    compared with FY17. This increase was primarily due to the
                    strong property valuation gains in FY18 and the debt restructure
                    expense of $82.8 million in FY18 compared to the fair value
                    adjustments on debt modification of $173.1 million and debt
                    restructure expense of $32.2 million in the prior year.
       038                                                                 goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       Continued



       OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED
       Analysis of performance continued
       The analysis of Goodman’s performance and the reconciliation of the operating profit to profit attributable to Securityholders for FY18
       are set out in the table below:
       		 2018                                                                                                                                             2017




For personal use only
         Note $M                                                                                                                                            $M
       Analysis of operating profit
       Property investment earnings		                                                                384.8      396.7
       Management earnings		                                                                         316.5      266.6
       Development earnings		                                                                        490.6      482.9
       		                                                                                          1,191.9    1,146.2
       Operating expenses		                                                                         (249.4)    (248.2)
       		                                                                                            942.5      898.0
       Net finance expense (operating)1		                                                             (44.4)     (54.0)
       Income tax expense (operating)2		                                                              (47.6)     (49.3)
       		                                                                                            850.5      794.7
       Less: Attributable to other non-controlling interests		                                          (4.6)    (18.7)
       Operating profit		                                                                            845.9      776.0
       Adjustments for:
       Property valuation related movements
       – Profit on disposal of investment properties		                                                     –      49.0
       – Net gain from fair value adjustments on investment properties                     6(e)        71.1     180.9
       – Share of fair value adjustments attributable to investment properties
          in associates and JVs after tax                                        6(f)(i), 6(f)(ii)   602.7      265.8
       – Impairment losses                                                                     2           –     (93.0)
       – Deferred tax on fair value adjustments on investment properties		                            (34.8)       (5.1)
       		                                                                                            639.0      397.6
       Fair value adjustments and unrealised foreign currency exchange movements
       related to liability management
       – Fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments3                         11     (131.4)      (45.6)
       – Fair value adjustments on debt modification                                         11            –   (173.1)
       – Share of fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments
          in associates and JVs                                                  6(f)(i), 6(f)(ii)    (34.3)     (50.6)
       – Unrealised foreign exchange (losses)/gains3                                         11         (8.7)     25.5
                                                                                                    (174.4)    (243.8)
       Other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring items
       – Straight lining of rental income		                                                              0.8       (0.3)
       – Restructure costs                                                                     2           –     (24.2)
       – Share based payments expense                                                          2    (125.6)      (85.4)
       – Net capital losses not distributed and tax deferred adjustments		                              (4.7)      (9.6)
       – Debt restructure/modification expense                                               11       (82.8)     (32.2)
       		                                                                                           (212.3)    (151.7)
       Profit attributable to Securityholders		                                                    1,098.2      778.1
     1. Net finance expense (operating) excludes derivative mark to market, unrealised foreign exchange movements and debt restructure/modification expenses.
     2. Income tax expense (operating) excludes the deferred tax movements relating to investment property valuations.
     3. The losses in the Goodman income statement associated with movements in foreign currency exchange rates should be compared with the foreign currency
        translation gains of $192.6 million reported in the statement of comprehensive income and reserves.
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                            039




                    Property investment                                                   Development
                    Property investment earnings in FY18 of $384.8 million                In FY18, development earnings were $490.6 million, an
                    decreased by 3% compared to the prior year and comprised              increase of 2% on the prior year and comprised 41% of total
                    32% of the total (2017: 35%). The decrease was due to asset           operating earnings (2017: 42%). At 30 June 2018, Goodman
                    disposals in both FY17 and FY18, partly offset by increase in         had $3.6 billion of development WIP, which comprised 80
                    cornerstone income, with like for like net property income up         projects in 12 countries with a forecast yield on cost of 7.2%.




For personal use only
                    3.2% compared to FY17. The Group’s portfolio repositioning
                    programme is substantially complete, with the portfolios now          Development earnings were a significant contributor in all
                    concentrated in large, wealthy consumer dominated cities              regions with development activity benefiting from the growth
                    around the world, where barriers to entry are high, land is           of e-commerce, changes in consumer spending and customers
                    scarce and, in some cases, supply is negative.                        seeking efficiencies in their supply chain networks. Goodman
                                                                                          still sees development as the best means of accessing high
                    This repositioning has improved the overall quality of the            quality assets given the strength in market pricing
                    portfolios and delivered strong occupancy globally and                at 30 June 2018.
                    improved rental growth, as customers from multiple industries
                    compete for space close to consumers. The increased                   Nevertheless, Goodman maintained its prudent approach
                    demand from e-commerce, data centre users and urban                   to development activity, including:
                    renewal continues to put pressure on land use and availability,       + capital partnering of developments;
                    and Goodman’s portfolios should see higher valuation growth           + limiting development commencements without a leasing
                    and returns over the long term.                                         commitment to supply constrained, well-located, proven
                    Across the partnership portfolios, Goodman leased 3.5 million           logistics locations, where demand for high quality industrial
                    square metres during FY18, which equated to $428.7 million              properties has been strengthening; and
                    of annual property income and occupancy was maintained                + targeting new developments in the large, wealthy consumer
                    at 98%.                                                                 dominated cities around the world, with limited land supply.

                    Gearing in the managed partnerships has continued to be at            This has been reflected in the fact that on completion 87%
                    the lower end of its target ranges as a result of recent asset        of completed developments in FY18 had been leased to
                    sales, which has been appropriate given the levels of ongoing         customers, while 80% were developed on behalf of third
                    development activity. While a higher level of gearing would           parties or partnerships.
                    have improved the short-term returns, Goodman’s strategy              Operating expenses
                    has been to position Goodman and its managed partnerships             For FY18, operating expenses increased to $249.4 million from
                    for sustainable long-term growth.                                     $248.2 million. Global inflationary increases have offset savings
                    Urban renewal                                                         from the United Kingdom restructure, which commenced in
                    During FY18, the final proceeds from the sales of the first           FY17 but was completed this year. In addition, the increasing
                    phase of urban renewal properties were received, with these           shift of development activity to the managed partnerships
                    investment properties reflected as disposals. The Group               has resulted in a lower allocation of employee expenses
                    has continued to progress the planning and rezoning of                to developments. This is offset by higher development
                    future precincts.                                                     management fee revenues.

                    Management                                                            Goodman has continued to focus its operations on key
                                                                                          locations. Headcount was maintained in most regions but has
                    Management earnings in FY18 of $316.5 million increased               decreased in Asia where Goodman has outsourced various
                    by 19% compared to the prior year and comprised 27% of                property on site staff activities. The majority of this cost was
                    total operating earnings (2017: 23%). During FY18, external           recharged to the partnerships so it has had minimal impact on
                    AUM increased by 15% to $35.1 billion from $30.5 billion,             employee expenses.
                    as development completions, valuation growth and foreign
                    currency impacts were significantly greater than asset                Net finance expense (operating)
                    disposals. As a consequence, base management fee income               Net finance expense (operating), which excludes derivative
                    increased and this was supplemented by ongoing leasing and            mark to market, unrealised foreign exchange movements
                    transactional fees.                                                   and debt restructure/modification expenses, decreased to
                    In addition, the consistently high partnership returns over the       $44.4 million from $54.0 million. This was due to a combination
                    past few years resulted in a growth of portfolio performance          of lower levels of net debt (interest bearing liabilities less
                    fee revenue during FY18, primarily in Australia and Asia. For         cash) and lower interest rates, partially offset by a decrease
                    FY18, the managed partnerships reported average total                 in capitalised interest, as more development activity was
                    returns of 15%, a reflection of both the overall quality of the       undertaken directly by the managed partnerships rather
                    portfolios and the level of profitable development activity           than by Goodman.
                    being undertaken by the managed partnerships. Portfolio               Income tax expense (operating)
                    performance fess represented around 25% of                            Income tax expense (operating) for FY18 at $47.6 million
                    the management earnings.                                              (2017: $49.3 million) is broadly consistent with the prior year.
                                                                                          A significant proportion of Goodman’s earnings related to GIT
                                                                                          and its controlled entities, which are “flow through” entities
                                                                                          under Australian tax legislation, meaning Securityholders
                                                                                          (and not GIT) are taxed on their respective share of income.
       040                                                           goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       Continued



       OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED                             Summary of items that reconcile operating profit
       Capital management                                                   to statutory profit
       Goodman’s capital management initiatives and financial               Property valuation related movements
       risk management (FRM) framework have been designed to                The net gain from fair value adjustments on investment
       deliver competitive debt costs, a natural currency hedge and         properties of $71.1 million (2017: $180.9 million) related to




For personal use only
       diversified sources of sustainable funding for the Group through     those assets directly held by Goodman, principally in Australia.
       the cycle. Following changes to the FRM policy and credit            The decrease in gains compared to the prior year was partly
       rating upgrades from both Standard & Poor’s (to BBB+) and            due to a particularly strong market movement in FY17, partly
       Moody’s (to Baa1) in the prior financial year, the Group took        due to the Group having a smaller directly held portfolio and
       advantage of the positive market conditions during FY18 and          partly due to the gains in FY17 from assets subject to urban
       undertook a significant liability management programme which         renewal. During FY18, there have been no changes in zoning
       included:                                                            for directly held assets that may have urban renewal potential.
       + $1.9 billion in new bonds issued, including US$525 million         Goodman’s share of net gains from fair value adjustments
         United States 144A/Reg S notes maturing in 2028, US$325            attributable to investment properties in managed partnerships
         million 144A/Reg S notes maturing in 2037 and €500 million         increased to $602.7 million in FY18 from $265.8 million in
         Reg S notes maturing in 2025;                                      the prior year. Increases occurred in most regions due to the
       + repurchase of $327.0 million hybrid securities (Goodman            quality of the property portfolios, following the asset disposal
         PLUS) issued by Goodman PLUS Trust; and                            programme and focused development in key markets,
       + part repurchase of shorter-dated bonds denominated in              improved leasing outcomes and continued investor demand for
         GBP and USD.                                                       industrial assets. The valuations in FY18 were supplemented by
                                                                            the contribution from North America of $183.3 million relating
       These initiatives delivered a lower cost of funding and longer-      to completion of development assets. During FY18, weighted
       dated debt. At 30 June 2018, the Group had a weighted                average capitalisation rates for Goodman’s stabilised property
       average debt maturity of 6.9 years (2017: 3.7 years) and had         portfolios decreased from 5.9% to 5.5%.
       available liquidity of $3.4 billion. Gearing remains low at 5.1%
       (2017: 5.9%) and interest cover is 16.2 times (2017: 9.5 times),     There were no impairment losses associated with the Group’s
       which provides significant headroom relative to Goodman’s            inventories during FY18.
       financing covenants.
                                                                            Fair value adjustments and unrealised foreign currency
       As a consequence of this strong liquidity position, the              exchange movements related to liability management
       distribution reinvestment plan was not in operation during the       The statutory profit included unrealised fair value losses of
       year and the final declared dividends and distributions were         $131.4 million on derivative financial instruments and $8.7
       14.25 cents per security. The total dividends and distributions      million of unrealised foreign exchange losses on certain interest
       in relation to FY18 were 28.0 cents per security, with an interim    bearing liabilities that do not qualify for net investment hedging.
       distribution of 13.75 cents per security having been paid in
       February 2018.                                                       Goodman’s policy is to hedge between 65% and 90% of the
                                                                            net assets of these foreign operations. Where Goodman invests
       In addition, during FY18 Goodman and its managed                     in foreign assets, it will borrow in that currency or enter into
       partnerships refinanced over $5 billion of bank debt and             derivative financial instruments to create a similar liability. In so
       secured third party equity commitments of $1.4 billion               doing, Goodman minimises its net asset and income exposures
       to provide liquidity for ongoing acquisition and                     to those currencies. The unrealised fair value movement of the
       development opportunities.                                           derivative financial instruments (up or down) is recorded in the
                                                                            income statement; however, the foreign currency translation
                                                                            of the net investment that is being hedged is recorded directly
                                                                            in reserves. In FY18, the movement in reserves attributable to
                                                                            foreign currency movement was a gain of $192.6 million.
                                                                            Other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring items
                                                                            The principal other non-cash adjustments or non-recurring
                                                                            items for FY18 related to:
                                                                            + share based payments expense of $125.6 million for
                                                                              Goodman’s LTIP, up from $85.4 million in FY17, primarily a
                                                                              result of the increasing Goodman security price (refer to the
                                                                              remuneration report); and
                                                                            + debt restructure expense of $82.8 million in relation to the
                                                                              liability management initiatives in 1H.
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                            041




                    Statement of financial position                                           Cash flow
                                                                    2018             2017                                                   2018             2017
                                                                     $M               $M                                                     $M               $M
                    Stabilised investment properties            1,624.3           1,833.8     Operating cash flows                       1,161.2            586.4
                    Cornerstone investments in                                                Investing cash flows                          (26.5)          730.0
                    managed partnerships                        6,086.5          4,967.4      Financing cash flows                        (799.2)          (556.3)




For personal use only
                    Asset held for sale                               –            203.6      Net increase in cash
                    Development holdings                        1,993.6          2,371.9      and cash equivalents held                    335.5            760.1
                    Goodwill and intangible assets                816.7            771.9      Cash and cash equivalents
                    Cash                                        2,406.8          2,095.1      at the beginning of the year               2,095.1          1,337.0
                    Other assets                                  531.5            467.5      Effect of exchange rate fluctuations
                    Total assets                               13,459.4         12,711.2      on cash held                                 (23.8)             (2.0)
                    Interest bearing liabilities                3,081.5          2,878.3      Cash and cash equivalents
                    Other liabilities                           1,204.2          1,210.7      at the end of the year                     2,406.8          2,095.1
                    Total liabilities                           4,285.7          4,089.0
                                                                                              Operating cash flows increased relative to the prior year, primarily
                    Other non-controlling interests                   –            325.8      due to the timing of development settlements in Continental
                    Net assets attributable                                                   Europe, with certain large projects, that were in progress at
                    to Securityholders                          9,173.7           8,296.4     30 June 2017, being completed and settled in FY18, having
                                                                                              been funded by Goodman through to completion. The timing of
                    The majority of the stabilised investment properties are in Australia     development completions relative to the reporting date generally
                    and the carrying value decreased by $209.5 million to $1,624.3            has a significant impact on overall operating cash flows.
                    million at 30 June 2018. This was primarily due to disposals of
                    $346.2 million in assets, including urban renewal, partially offset       Investing cash flows primarily related to proceeds from the
                    by valuation uplifts of $71.1 million.                                    disposal of investment properties and the net investments in
                                                                                              Goodman’s managed partnerships. During FY18, Goodman
                    The value of Goodman’s cornerstone investments in managed                 received proceeds of $668.1 million from disposals of investment
                    partnerships, which excludes the Group’s share of development             properties in Australia and the Group’s investment in Arlington
                    assets in the partnerships, increased by $1,119.1 million to              Business Parks Partnership and invested $571.1 million in its
                    $6,086.5 million, due to the valuation uplifts across the portfolios,     managed partnerships, principally in Japan, Continental Europe
                    ongoing development completions and the newly created                     and North America to fund development activities. In addition,
                    Goodman Brazil Logistics Partnership, partly offset by asset              there were cash outflows of $118.1 million in respect of capital
                    rotation.                                                                 expenditure on investment properties. In FY17, the sale proceeds
                    Goodman’s development holdings (which includes the Group’s                from urban renewal had a significant impact on investing
                    share of development assets in the partnerships) decreased                cash flows.
                    during the year by $378.3 million to $1,993.6 million. This               Financing cash flows include the drawdowns and repayments
                    decrease was due to development completions and settlements               associated with Goodman’s interest bearing liabilities. The
                    in Continental Europe and the United Kingdom during FY18.                 principal financing cash outflows were the distributions paid to
                    Development activity was maintained at similar levels to FY17             Securityholders and coupons paid to holders of Goodman PLUS.
                    and at 30 June 2018, the end value of development WIP was                 In addition, the Goodman PLUS securities were repurchased in
                    $3.6 billion (2017: $3.5 billion). Goodman continued to undertake         September 2017 at their face value of $327.0 million.
                    approximately three quarters of total development activity in
                    partnerships and this has contributed to the declining direct             Outlook
                    exposure to development assets.                                           For FY19, market conditions are expected to remain favourable
                                                                                              for the industry and Goodman is strategically well placed given its
                    At 30 June 2018, the principal goodwill and intangible asset              financial and operational strength. The Board sets targets annually
                    balances were in Continental Europe and the United Kingdom.               and reviews them regularly. As a result, forecast operating profit
                    The movement during FY18 related to changes in foreign                    for FY19 is $913 million, which equates to operating EPS of 50.0
                    currency exchange rates and there have been no impairments                cents, up 7% on FY18. The forecast distribution of 30.0 cents per
                    or reversals of impairments.                                              security is also up 7% on FY18.
                    The Group’s cash and interest bearing liabilities should be               Further information as to other likely developments in the
                    considered together. On a net basis, the liability was $674.7             operations of Goodman and the expected results of those
                    million at 30 June 2018 compared to $783.2 million at 30 June             operations in future financial years has not been included in this
                    2017; however, the weighted average maturity of the debt was              Directors’ report because disclosure of the information would be
                    much greater following the refinancing during the year. At 30             likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to Goodman.
                    June 2018, interest bearing liabilities included $215.9 million of
                    GBP denominated notes and $28.3 million of secured bank debt
                    in Brazil, that were repaid in July 2018 out of the Group’s cash
                    balances.
                    Other assets included certain receivables and derivative financial
                    instruments. The movements during FY18 relate to increases in
                    receivables from management income and also indirect tax.
                    Other liabilities included trade and other payables, the provision
                    for the distribution to Securityholders, fair values of derivative
                    financial instruments and tax liabilities (including deferred tax). The
                    movement during the year is a result of changes in the fair values
                    of derivatives and timing of other cash payments.
       042                                                            goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       Continued



       OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED
       Risks
       Goodman identifies operational risks for each of its regions as part of its strategy process. The key risks, an assessment of their
       likelihood of occurrence and consequences and controls that are in place to mitigate the risks are reported to the Board annually.
       Goodman has established formal systems and processes to manage the risks at each stage of its decision making process. This




For personal use only
       is facilitated by a Group Investment Committee comprising senior executives, chaired by the Group Chief Executive Officer, which
       considers all major operational decisions and transactions. The Group Investment Committee meets on a weekly basis.
       The Board has separate committees to review and assess key risks. The Risk and Compliance Committee reviews and monitors
       material risks in Goodman’s risk management systems, including market risks, operational risks, sustainability, regulation and
       compliance and information technology. The Audit Committee reviews and monitors financial risk management and tax policies.
       The key risks faced by Goodman and the controls that have been established to manage those risks are set out below:

                                    Risk area                               Mitigation

         Capital management         Ensuring long-term availability of      + Board approved financial risk management policy
                                    funding from both investors and         + Prudent capital management with cash flow requirements,
                                    financial institutions to support the      gearing and available liquidity reviewed monthly and reported
                                    sustainability of the business.            to the Board
                                                                            + Diversification of debt funding sources and maturities
                                                                            + Diversification of investment partners.

         Technology change          Through advancement in                  + Key gateway city strategy – urban, infill locations support re-
         and disruption             technology (as seen through                usability of property
                                    automation/robotics, investment         + Generic building design – ease to reconfigure for another
                                    in driverless vehicles and drone           customer
                                    technology), there is a longer-term     + Geographic diversification.
                                    risk that warehouses become
                                    obsolete and not fit for purpose
                                    through their specialisation and/or
                                    location.

         Economic                   Headline economic indicators            + Global diversification of Goodman’s property portfolios
         environment                suggest the world is getting            + Focus on core property portfolios in key gateway locations
                                    back on track with GDP growth.          + Focus on cost management
                                    However, there are still concerns.      + Prudent capital management with low gearing and significant
                                    The recovery has been slow,                available liquidity to allow for potential market shocks.
                                    productivity growth remains
                                    weak and investment growth is
                                    subdued. In many countries, real
                                    incomes have been stagnant for
                                    many years. This continues to
                                    present a challenging operating
                                    environment.

         Governance,                Non-compliance and changes              + Independent governance structures
         regulation and             to the regulatory environments          + Core values and attitudes, with an embedded compliance culture
         compliance                 (including tax) impact Goodman’s           focused on best practice
                                    business, including its reputation.     + Dedicated Chief Risk Officer and Compliance Officer
                                                                            + Review of transactions by the Group Investment Committee.

         Development                Development risks may arise from        + Review of development projects by the Group Investment
                                    location, site complexity, planning        Committee
                                    and permitting, infrastructure,         + Goodman defined design specifications, which cover
                                    contamination, earthquakes,                environmental, technological, and safety requirements, protecting
                                    adverse weather conditions and             against short term obsolescence
                                    other environmental factors, along      + Internal audit reviews with reporting to the Risk and Compliance
                                    with general contractor capability.        Committee
                                                                            + Insurance programme, both Goodman and general contractor
                                                                            + Ongoing monitoring and reporting of work in progress and levels
                                                                               of speculative development, with Board oversight including limits
                                                                               with respect to speculative development.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                          043




                                                      Risk area                                    Mitigation

                        Asset management              Leasing risk exposures can                   + Key gateway city strategy – urban, infill locations where customer
                        and leasing                   reduce returns from Goodman’s                   demand is strongest
                                                      portfolios. Adverse weather events           + Diversification of customer base and lease expiries




For personal use only
                                                      and other environmental factors              + Review of significant leasing transactions and development
                                                      can adversely affect returns.                   projects by the Group Investment Committee
                                                                                                   + Review of individual assets with respect to climate change
                                                                                                      impacts
                                                                                                   + Capital expenditure programmes keeping pace with property
                                                                                                      lifecycle

                        Concentration to              Over-exposure to customers                   + Diversification of customer base and lease expiry
                        counterparties and            and market may limit growth and              + Diversification of capital partners and partnership expiries
                        markets                       sustainability opportunities.

                        People                        Retaining the executive                      + Succession planning for senior executives
                                                      management team, who support                 + Competitive remuneration structures
                                                      the sustainability of the business.          + Performance management and review

                        Information and data          Maintaining security of IT                   + Reporting of risks and management activity
                        security                      environment and ensuring                     + Managed security monitoring
                                                      continuity of IT applications to             + Disaster recovery and business continuity planning and testing
                                                      support sustainability and growth.



                    DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS
                    Goodman Limited did not declare any dividends during the financial year (2017: $nil).
                    During FY18, Goodman Industrial Trust declared and accrued distributions of 23.0 cents per security (2017: 25.9 cents per security),
                    amounting to $414.2 million (2017: $463.4 million).
                    During FY18, GLHK declared and accrued a dividend of 5.0 cents per share, amounting to $90.0 million. In FY17, GLHK declared and
                    paid a dividend of 1.0 cent per security, amounting to $17.8 million relating to performance in FY16.
                    Distributions declared during the current financial year by Goodman PLUS Trust, a controlled entity of Goodman Industrial Trust, to
                    holders of Goodman PLUS (other non-controlling interests) were $4.6 million (2017: $18.7 million).
                    SECURITIES ISSUED ON EXERCISE OF PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
                    During the financial year, Goodman issued 11,642,734 securities as a result of the vesting of performance rights. The amount paid by
                    the employees on exercise of these securities was $nil.
                    No performance rights have vested since the end of the financial year.
                    UNISSUED SECURITIES UNDER PERFORMANCE RIGHTS
                    At the date of this Directors’ report, unissued securities of Goodman under performance rights were:
                    Expiry date                                                                                        Exercise price $        Number of performance rights1
                    Sep 2022                                                                                                            –                             16,431,311
                    Sep 2021                                                                                                            –                             19,652,600
                    Sep 2020                                                                                                            –                             16,764,310
                    Sep 2019                                                                                                            –                              8,458,136
                    Sep 2018                                                                                                            –                              3,493,061
                  1. The number of performance rights at the date of this Directors’ report is net of any rights forfeited and excludes 10,635,205 of performance rights where the
                     intention is to cash settle.

                    All performance rights expire on the earliest of their expiry date; the day that vesting conditions become incapable of satisfaction or
                    are determined by the Board to not be satisfied; or following the termination of the employee’s employment (other than in the event
                    of special circumstances).
       044                                                            goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
       Dear Securityholders,
       Goodman has continued to deliver strong financial results for Securityholders in FY18. These are underpinned by the expertise of our
       people and the consistent long-term decision making and collaboration across our international businesses. Importantly, these results
       were delivered while continuing to improve the financial position of the Group and the quality of our assets.
       This has culminated in:




For personal use only
       + Operating EPS of 46.7 cents per security for FY18 increasing by 8.3% on the prior year with compound annual growth rate
         (CAGR) of 7.6% over five years; and
       + TSR for one, three and five years of 26%, 69.5% and 135.2%, significantly outperforming the ASX100 (our comparator group).
       As a result of Goodman’s sustained strong growth, our Securityholders, along with our people, have been able to benefit from the
       rewards generated by this strong outperformance over recent years.
       Remuneration approach
       Goodman’s fundamental approach to remuneration has focused on fostering the right culture across all levels of the organisation,
       influencing long-term decision making and collaboration globally. The remuneration strategy is designed to ensure that the balance
       between fixed pay and performance-based remuneration is aligned to Securityholders’ desire for sustainable long-term EPS growth
       and ultimately security performance. Securityholders and employees are mutually impacted although Securityholders’ interests are the
       priority before awards of both short-term and long-term incentives are granted to employees.
       Ensuring the alignment of all employees globally in the delivery of the Group’s strategy has proven successful for Goodman over the
       long term. In a highly competitive environment and a business heavily reliant upon having the right people to deliver the strategy, the
       Group has outperformed the sector largely due to its ability to focus, retain and motivate employees. Our LTIP has been a critical factor
       in achieving this.
       The Board sets challenging and competitive hurdles for our remuneration through a rigorous bottom up assessment of the business,
       considering multiple factors and the desired sustainable outcomes for Goodman and with reference to our industry and peer group.
       Achieving these hurdles has resulted in significant Securityholder returns over the past five years, with the Group’s TSR consistently
       outperforming the ASX100 TSR. Our people have also benefitted from the rewards generated by this outperformance, however, the
       Group must continue to deliver sustained returns in order for future vesting to occur.
       Our approach is characterised by:
       + Significant emphasis on long-term, at risk remuneration over three to five years to incentivise all employees globally to focus
         on long-term value creation
       + Performance based incentives focussed on achieving sustained realised operating EPS growth and Security performance
       + Prioritising Securityholder returns before incentives are considered for employees
       + Keeping base remuneration stable and at relatively low levels
       + Favouring Group-wide performance criteria, which culminate in sustained returns as opposed to short-term objectives
         for individuals
       In an era where employees are increasingly expecting companies to provide opportunities to develop their skills along with a share in
       the gains, it has been important for Goodman to extend an incentive scheme to all our employees globally that allows for significant
       performance-based rewards to all, as opposed to a few. Goodman believes that this has been an important and key point of
       difference in attracting and retaining the right talent for the future and creating the culture required to be collaborative and successful.
       Yours sincerely,




       Ian Ferrier AM                                 Philip Pryke
       Chairman                                       Chairman, Remuneration & Nomination Committee
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                               045




                    This remuneration report outlines the Board’s remuneration                 2. REMUNERATION STRATEGY
                    policies and discloses the remuneration details for key                    Principles of our remuneration strategy
                    management personnel (KMP). The remuneration report forms
                    part of the Directors’ report and has been audited in accordance           The Group’s fundamental principles in relation to its remuneration
                    with section 308(3C) of the Corporations Act 2001.                         strategy are to influence executive and other employee behaviour
                                                                                               within the organisation to:




For personal use only
                    KMP are defined as those employees who have authority
                    and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the             + support the Group’s business objectives of delivering
                    activities of Goodman. KMP comprise the Executive and Non-                   sustainable and competitive risk adjusted returns, through
                    Executive Directors of the Company and other senior executives               long-term decision making. The remuneration framework
                    of Goodman. In this remuneration report, the Executive                       aims to align the outcomes for customers, capital partners,
                    Directors and other senior executives are collectively referred to           the communities we operate in and Securityholders with the
                    as “executives”.                                                             remuneration outcomes of all employees over the long term.
                                                                                                 In doing so, our people are effectively united as partners in
                    In addition to the changes in Directors (refer to page 34), from             the business through the significant Group-wide Long Term
                    1 July 2017, Mr Jason Little (General Manager Australia) ceased              Incentive Plan (LTIP); and
                    to be a KMP and Mr Michael O’Sullivan (Chief Risk Officer)                 + provide the operational flexibility required to allow allocation
                    became a KMP of the Group.                                                   of resources through cycle and between geographic regions
                                                                                                 and business activity (property investment, development and
                    Information relating to the scope and activities of the                      management) while at the same time engendering collective
                    Remuneration and Nomination Committee is available on                        responsibility and teamwork.
                    Goodman’s website and in the Corporate Governance Statement
                    which is released with the Annual Report.                                  The execution of the principles is also complemented by the
                                                                                               performance management system.
                    The report is set out as follows:
                                                                                               The Group is constantly working to determine the right balance
                    1. Who is Goodman?                                                         of earnings from property investment, development and
                    2. Remuneration strategy                                                   management in order to create sustainable long-term returns.
                    3. Delivering strong performance sustainably                               This often means that decisions are made at the expense of one
                    4. Remuneration structure                                                  segment for the benefit of the whole or to sacrifice short-term
                                                                                               gains for long-term returns for Securityholders.
                    5. Remuneration outcomes
                    6. Executives’ remuneration (statutory analysis)                           Objectives of our remuneration strategy
                    7. Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration                                   In line with the Group’s principles, the remuneration structure
                                                                                               is designed to maximise alignment of employees with
                    8. Other remuneration disclosures.                                         Securityholders. Key objectives are:
                    1. WHO IS GOODMAN?                                                         + prioritising Securityholder returns by using operating earnings
                    Goodman is a global property group, operating integrated                     per security (EPS) as the main performance hurdle; it is
                    property investment, development and management businesses                   absolute and reinforces the requirement to exceed targets
                    in 16 countries. This requires balancing opportunities provided              on a cumulative basis, enhancing long-term alignment with
                    by changes in local and global market conditions against                     Securityholders;
                    the available resources to achieve competitive returns on a                + reinforcing adherence to the Group’s core values –
                    sustainable basis.                                                           appropriate behavior being a minimum requirement for
                                                                                                 continued employment;
                    While Goodman is in the real estate investment trust (REIT)                + keeping base remuneration stable and relatively low to
                    sector, a significant proportion of the Group’s activities can be            control costs;
                    characterised as an “operating business” with the “active” (i.e.           + emphasising Group-wide performance criteria, which
                    non-rental income) aspects of Goodman’s business model                       culminate in sustained EPS and relative total securityholder
                    possessing a degree of complexity, geographical spread and                   return (TSR) measures as opposed to short-term objectives
                    capital commitments (including those from global capital partners)           for individuals. The Board believes that the commercial
                    that often do not exist within the domestic REITs.                           decisions Goodman makes in fulfilment of its overall
                    Goodman is aspiring to be a global leader in industrial property.            objectives, are best reflected in these two key indicators;
                    To achieve this goal, Goodman aims to create the strongest                 + having all incentives at risk and requiring genuine and
                    possible alignment between all our people, Securityholders, our              sustained outperformance to be achieved, and where
                    customers and capital partners to integrate long-term decision               they reflect superior returns for the Securityholders to
                    making and creation of the right culture at all levels. This reflects        which employees are aligned. Long-term incentives (LTI)
                    Goodman’s core values and desire to be socially responsible by               are tested and vest over three to five years; and
                    rewarding all employees when the Group is outperforming, not               + incentivising all employees to focus on long-term value
                    just senior executives.                                                      creation through LTI awards.
                    Ensuring the alignment of all staff globally in the delivery of the
                    Group’s strategy has proven successful for Goodman over the
                    long term. In a highly competitive environment and a business
                    heavily reliant upon having the right people to deliver the strategy,
                    the Group has outperformed the sector largely due to its ability to
                    focus, motivate and retain employees.
                    In an era where employees are increasingly expecting companies
                    to provide opportunities to develop their skills along with a
                    share in the gains, it has been important for Goodman to
                    offer an incentive scheme to all employees globally that offers
                    significant performance based rewards to all, as opposed to a
                    few. Goodman believes that this has been an important and key
                    point of difference in attracting and retaining the right talent for the
                    future and creating the culture required to be successful.
       046                                                          goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
       Continued

       2. REMUNERATION STRATEGY CONTINUED                                  Importantly, LTI is all at risk and this is understood by employees.
       Partnering Securityholders and all employees to achieve             The measure of the success of the LTIP is reflected in:
       business objectives over the long term                              + significant tenure of senior management and building our
       One of the key components of our remuneration framework               business experience globally;
       is aligning all employee’s outcomes, not just the executives,       + strong outperformance against our sector and comparator




For personal use only
       with the principles and business objectives of the Group (and         group over one, three and five years;
       therefore Securityholders). The consistent operation of the LTIP    + consistent outperformance of operating EPS hurdles whilst
       over nine years has created a significant depth of understanding      maintaining discipline and long-term focus; and
       throughout the organisation, of the core objectives of the Group,   + for FY18, the average contribution to overall remuneration
       delivering competitive and sustainable financial performance.         across all employees in the Group, being generated from
       The comprehensive distribution of LTI across the whole Group as       vesting equity was approximately 34%, reflecting strong
       a material component of remuneration is unique in the ASX100.         vesting outcomes and significant security price growth
       Furthermore:                                                          from the time of grant, and a lesser emphasis on fixed
                                                                             remuneration and short-term incentives (STI) in favour of LTI.
       + Goodman partners with its customers over the long term to
         help them deliver a quality service to their customers. This      These outcomes reflect five years of performance rights vesting,
         relationship can take many years to foster and transactions       achieved through sustained outperformance and significant
         require employees at all levels to be dynamic and pragmatic,      security price appreciation. Employees are active participants in
         delivering appropriate solutions for the long term whether the    the strategy, with performance rights equivalent to 4.2% of issued
         value emerges today or in the future;                             capital allocated to staff under the LTIP. Importantly, the total value
       + Goodman partners with third party capital with a patient and      of the allocation reflects significant security price appreciation
         disciplined approach to make the appropriate long-term            (101% over the five years from 1 July 2013 to 30 June 2018) and
         decisions; and                                                    operating profit results substantially ahead of targets. In addition,
       + Goodman’s employees are remunerated in a way which                the value of this allocation is a small proportion of the increased
         matches the appropriate time frames required to deliver the       business value (as represented by premium to net tangible
         right outcome, not the expedient ones, and therefore a major      assets (NTA) reflected in the security price) and has declined as
         driver of long-term value. In return, it requires commitment      a proportion of the Group’s market capitalisation over the past
         to the strategy and loyalty from our employees which is           five years.
         predominantly rewarded over the long term.
                                                                           3. DELIVERING STRONG PERFORMANCE SUSTAINABLY
       In the same way that Goodman partners with its capital partners     Goodman has continued to deliver strong performance in
       and customers, all the Group’s employees effectively partner        FY18 with respect to financial returns against its comparator
       with Securityholders through the LTIP. The focus on this form of    group (ASX 100) and its rolling three year operational hurdles.
       remuneration and a reduced emphasis on short-term objectives        This has been achieved whilst continuing to improve the
       in favour of Group-wide longer-term performance criteria,           financial, operational, risk management and cultural strength
       encourages employees to maximise value in all transactions          of the organisation. The Board believes that the remuneration
       whether this be short term or long term. Management must            strategy and structure have influenced these outcomes and that
       balance and plan so that the returns to Securityholders             employees have been rewarded appropriately.
       are consistent. This ultimately has benefited the Group,
       Securityholders and individuals.                                    In FY18, the Group delivered an operating profit of $845.9
                                                                           million equating to a fully diluted operating EPS of 46.7 cents,
       This strategy is executed in practice through the LTIP:             an increase of 8.3% compared with FY17, ahead of budget
       + LTI is a material component of all employee remuneration,         (operating EPS of 45.7 cents) and representing a competitive
         where Goodman’s performance and profitability are shared          result. The TSR performance for the Group was in excess
         between Securityholders and all our employees, not just           of the operating EPS growth result, reflecting a higher rating
         the executives;                                                   being attributed to the Group’s earnings. The Board believes
       + at all levels, in all jurisdictions, across all divisions, all    this re-rating can be ascribed to several factors, primarily the
         employees are aligned;                                            strengthening in financial metrics and consistent long-term results.
       + the performance measures are relatable globally to all
         components of the business and with the aim that every
         person is influenced to contribute to the performance of the
         Group; and
       + performance rights under the LTIP are capped at 5%
         of issued capital (at 30 June 2018 the number of rights
         was 4.2% of issued capital). As the number of securities
         used in the calculation of operating EPS includes those
         unvested performance rights that have already satisfied the
         performance hurdles, additional earnings must be generated
         in order for future grants to meet the operating EPS hurdles.
         This is considered by the Board in setting targets.
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                         047




                    3. DELIVERING STRONG PERFORMANCE SUSTAINABLY CONTINUED
                    The operating profit, operating EPS, TSR and other key financial performance measures over the last five years are set out below:
                                                                                  2014                2015                    2016      2017            2018
                    Operating profit ($M)                                        601.1              653.5                     714.5     776.0           845.9
                    Operating EPS (¢)                                             34.8               37.2                      40.1      43.1            46.7




For personal use only
                    Security price as at 30 June ($)                              5.05               6.27                      7.11      7.87            9.62
                    Dividends/distributions per security (¢)                      20.7               22.2                      24.0      25.9            28.0
                    TSR (%)                                                       10.7               30.0                      17.0      14.2            26.0
                    NTA per security ($)                                          2.88               3.46                      4.10      4.21            4.64
                    Gearing (%)                                                   19.5               17.3                      11.8       5.9             5.1


                    Goodman’s capacity to meet the operating EPS target and              Operating EPS (cents)
                    deliver strong TSR for FY18 was dependent on a range of key
                    operational achievements under the integrated business model.
                    The Group’s operational platform is dynamic and continually
                    adapting to the markets we operate in to achieve stable and                                 7.6%
                    sustained long-term growth. Consequently, the measures                                 CAGR
                    for performance are not static and the Board must consider                                                   46.7
                    appropriate key performance indicators (KPIs) in the context                                       43.1
                    of the changing landscape to influence management to deliver                               40.1
                    appropriate risk adjusted returns for Securityholders.
                                                                                                    37.2
                    Our remuneration framework has allowed the Group to execute           34.8
                    its strategy, sometimes employing countercyclical and tactical
                    policies, which have constrained short-term earnings growth,
                    but have been accommodated given the focus on the long-term
                    sustainability of the business. These include:
                    + selling assets to improve the portfolio and focus on long-term
                      strategic assets with sustainable returns, notwithstanding
                      lower net initial yield and reduced funds management
                      revenue in the short term. The programme has seen the sale
                      of over $13 billion in assets globally over the last six years,
                      approximately one third of the total AUM at 30 June 2018;
                    + remaining disciplined with respect to acquisitions despite
                      availability of capital, and declining numerous opportunities
                      that would have enhanced near term growth, but increased
                      risk;                                                              FY14       FY15      FY16     FY17      FY18
                    + deleveraging the Group with gearing declining from 19.5%
                      to 5.1% over the last five years, at the expense of higher
                                                                                         Gearing (%)
                      short-term profitability, increasing financial strength and
                      flexibility; and
                    + transitioning development activities into the partnerships
                      on a fee for service basis, foregoing development profit in
                      the short term. However, this transition has reduced capital        19.5
                      commitment, risk to the Group earnings and improved
                      return on assets, with significant value emerging through                     17.3
                      development in the partnerships. This has in turn, driven
                      partnership returns extending and augmenting long-term
                      relationships with large capital partners, and opportunity
                      for performance fees in the future.
                                                                                                               11.8




                                                                                                                       5.9
                                                                                                                                 5.1




                                                                                         FY14       FY15      FY16     FY17      FY18
       048                                                                goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
       Continued

       3. DELIVERING STRONG PERFORMANCE SUSTAINABLY                               FY18 LTIP targets and results
       CONTINUED                                                                  Operating EPS growth
       Goodman vs ASX100                                                                                                       1 year      3 years           5 years
                                                                                                                                   %            %                 %
       10.5                                                                   $   Hurdle                                         6.0          19.1             33.8




For personal use only
       9.5
                                                                                  Achieved                                       8.3          25.5             44.1

       8.5                                                                        RTSR
       7.5                                                                        The Group’s three year TSR of 69.5%, whilst 2.5 times the
                                                                                  ASX100 return, placed it in the 71st percentile relative to
       6.5                                                                        companies in the ASX100, resulting in 90% of the performance
       5.5                                                                        rights which are tested against RTSR, vesting.

       4.5
                                                                                                                               1 year      3 years           5 years
                                                                                                                                   %            %                 %
       3.5
                                                                                  GMG TSR                                       26.0          69.5            135.2
               Jun       Jun        Jun          Jun          Jun           Jun
              2013      2014       2015         2016         2017          2018   ASX100 TSR                                    12.1          27.9             59.7
                                                                                  ASX 200 REIT TSR                              13.0          32.0             76.3

                                                                                  The remuneration framework has resulted in a strong alignment
       The Board believes the execution of these activities should                between remuneration outcomes for Goodman’s employees and
       underpin less volatile and more sustainable earnings into                  absolute and relative performance of Goodman. This is illustrated
       the future, despite the additional financial constraints for the           in the table below, which highlights the Goodman security price
       organisation in the short term. These strategies have been                 performance over the past five years and the increasing premium
       undertaken whilst still delivering competitive operating EPS               in the security price relative to the NTA. The premium to NTA is
       and TSR.                                                                   more than 100% at 30 June 2018.
       The targets set each year reflect a responsible rate of growth             Goodman NTA, the market premium and security price
       which allow long-term improvements at an appropriate level of
       risk, including investment in new markets and strengthening
       customer and capital partner relationships and fostering employee
                                                                                                                       9.62             NTA ($b)
       engagement and improving engagement with communities.
                                                                                                                                        Premium to NTA ($b)
                                                                                                              7.87
       The outcomes are facilitated by the focus on, and interaction                                 7.11                               Market Capitalisation ($b)
       of, STI and LTI measures. The overall performance of the Group                       6.27                       17.3
                                                                                                                                        Security price ($)
       should manifest in sustained operating EPS growth and, if                   5.05
       appropriately achieved, in strong relative TSR. However, these                                         14.1
       targets are the culmination of a thorough process which also
                                                                                                     12.6
       assesses multiple financial, human resource and environmental
       factors which are incorporated to deliver appropriate, risk                          11.0
       adjusted, sustainable returns.
                                                                                   8.7
       These considerations are not static, just as the business
       and markets we operate in are not static, and hence are not
       individually set as KPIs. However, the budget process is built from
       the ground up, includes all relevant factors and considers the                                                  8.9
                                                                                                     5.3      6.6
       desired outcomes, relative to our industry and peer group. The
                                                                                            4.9
       formal hurdles for performance are set at rational, but competitive         3.7
       and challenging levels, for the current environment.
       The comprehensive results of the remuneration framework
       and financial outcomes for the Group and Securityholders are                5.0      6.1      7.3      7.5      8.4
       illustrated in the following charts and tables, which outline the
       transition of the business over the last five years, the improvement       30 Jun   30 Jun   30 Jun   30 Jun   30 Jun
       in the Group’s key financial metrics over time alongside                    2014     2015     2016     2017     2018
       significant, sustained, outperformance against the ASX100
       comparator group.
                                                                                  Relative to other property groups, the results show significant
                                                                                  attribution of value by the market in excess of NTA. The Board
                                                                                  considers that this value reflects the quality and size of the
                                                                                  active components of Goodman’s business and the market’s
                                                                                  expectations on sustainability of earnings.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                              049




                    3. DELIVERING STRONG PERFORMANCE SUSTAINABLY CONTINUED
                    Listed property groups’ premium to NTA comparison


                    		                                                                                                                   Market           Premium             Premium
                                  NTA2                                                                                             capitalisation           to NTA              to NTA




For personal use only
                           30 Jun 2018                                                                                              30 Jun 2018        30 Jun 2018         30 Jun 2018
                    Entity         $M                                                                                                         $M                $M                  %
                    Goodman (GMG)               8,357 17,324                                                                                                8,967                     107
                    Scentre Group (SCG)        22,575 23,374                                                                                                  799                         4
                    Westfield Group (WFD)1     16,001 18,370                                                                                                2,369                       15
                    Stockland (SGP)            10,103  9,665                                                                                                 (438)                       (4)
                    Dexus Property Group (DXS)  9,244  9,376                                                                                                  131                         1
                    Vicinity Centres (VCX)     11,344 10,027                                                                                               (1,316)                     (12)
                    GPT Group (GPT)             9,046  9,082                                                                                                   36                         –
                    Mirvac Group (MGR)          8,151  8,040                                                                                                 (111)                       (1)
                    Lend Lease Group (LLC)      5,018 11,559                                                                                                6,541                     130
                    Average (excluding GMG)			                                                                                                              1,216
                  1. WFD market capitalisation based on security price on last trading day before completion of merger (30 May 2018).
                  2. The NTA of entities other than Goodman was based on 31 December 2017 financial statements. The Group’s market capitalisation premium to NTA was
                     $9.4 billion based on 31 December 2017 financial statements.

                    The strong alignment with performance is illustrated by the Group Chief Executives Officer’s (Group CEO’s) remuneration composition
                    over the past five years.
                    Vested remuneration1 of the Group CEO
                                                                                            2014                 2015                         2016           2017                     2018
                    Fixed remuneration ($M)                                                   1.4                     1.4                      1.4             1.4                      1.4
                    STI ($M)                                                                  2.4                     2.2                        –               –                        –
                    LTI1 ($M)                                                                 2.3                     4.6                      5.2             7.0                      7.8
                    Total remuneration ($M)                                                   6.1                     8.2                      6.6             8.4                      9.2
                    Proportion of STI and LTI (%)                                             77                      83                       79              83                       85
                    Proportion of LTI (%)                                                     38                      56                       79              83                       85
                  1. Vested remuneration includes fixed remuneration, STI and LTI based on the number of performance rights that vested during the year at the closing security
                     price on the day of vesting.

                    Importantly, 85% of the FY18 vested remuneration was in the                      Group CEO vested remuneration, security price and
                    form of LTI, reflecting consistent growth in operating EPS and                   operating EPS
                    security price over the period.
                    The chart below, comparing the growth in the Goodman                                                                        46.7
                                                                                                                                                              Fixed remuneration ($m)
                    security price with vested remuneration outcomes for the                                                           43.1                   STI ($m)
                    Group CEO since FY14, clearly shows the link between the                                                40.1                              Vested LTI ($m)
                    remuneration framework and performance. It demonstrates                                    37.2                             9.62          Security Price at 30 June ($)
                    the effectiveness of Goodman’s strategy and remuneration                          34.8
                                                                                                                                                              Operating EPS (cents)
                    structure on a long-term basis and also highlights the fact that                                                   7.87
                    the Group CEO has the vast majority of his remuneration at risk.                                        7.11
                    The strong performance of the Group and the rise in security
                                                                                                               6.27
                    price have translated into higher remuneration. The Group
                    CEO has again agreed to forego an STI award and will receive                      5.05
                    all incentive based remuneration in the form of LTI (in excess
                    of 90% based on the nominal value of the intended award
                    that will be made in FY19 – refer to section 5 Remuneration
                    outcomes). The Group CEO (as do all other employees) relies
                    upon continued outperformance to achieve vesting outcomes
                    and future remuneration growth.                                                   2.3      4.6



                                                                                                      2.4      2.2          5.2        7.0      7.8

                                                                                                      1.4      1.4          1.4        1.4      1.4

                                                                                                     FY14     FY15          FY16      FY17     FY18
       050                                                             goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
       Continued

       3. DELIVERING STRONG PERFORMANCE SUSTAINABLY CONTINUED
       Underlying business outcomes have also been robust. The following tables provide a summary of these outcomes as at 30 June 2018:

         General business outcomes




For personal use only
         Property investment         + Maintained portfolio occupancy rate at 98% and weighted average lease expiry of 4.8 years.
                                        Driven by the quality of the portfolio and the in-house service provided by Goodman;
         + Total AUM of
            $38.3 billion            + Achieved like for like rental growth of 3.2%, a further reflection of the portfolio quality;
         + 1,700 customers          + Transacted $4.4 billion of disposals in FY18 to maintain available liquidity and maximise value.
                                        This limited property investment and management earnings in the short term, but has resulted in a
         + $1.4 billion of net         significantly higher quality portfolio which we believe will generate more sustainable and higher growth
            property income             in the long term; and
            (including managed
            partnerships)            + Realised urban renewal assets with uplifts primarily recorded in prior years through valuations, not
                                        operating profit.

         Development                 + Completed $3.6 billion of developments for customers, 80% on behalf of third parties or partnerships;
         + WIP $3.6 billion         + Continued transitioning development business to the partnerships with significantly lower capital
                                        commitments, higher return on assets and lower volatility of earnings;
         + $3.6 billion
            completions              + Maintained development work in progress at $3.6 billion across 80 projects in 12 countries improving
                                        margin and quality with a forecast yield on cost of 7.2%; and
         + 80 projects,
            12 countries             + Increased return on Goodman’s development capital.

         Management                  + Delivered average total returns of 15% across Goodman’s managed partnerships;
         + $35.1 billion            + Maintained or reduced leverage in partnerships through liability management initiatives and asset
            external AUM                disposals;
         + $12.1 billion of         + Notwithstanding the asset rotation, increased external AUM to $35.1 billion across 16 managed
            available liquidity in      partnerships; and
            the partnerships
                                     + Expanded the partnerships with new third party equity commitments of $1.4 billion, a reflection of the
         + 15% average                 alignment of our patient capital partners and the Group’s disciplined approach to investment. At 30
            total returns               June 2018, the partnerships had $12.1 billion of available liquidity in the form of equity, undrawn debt
                                        and cash.

         Capital management          + Maintained Goodman’s credit rating from Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s at BBB+/Baa1 respectively;
         + 5.1% gearing             + Maintained low gearing of 5.1% and increased available liquidity to $3.4 billion
         + $3.4 billion of          + Issued long-term debt with maturities of 8, 10 and 20 years in Europe and United States debt capital
            available liquidity         markets;
         + 6.9 years weighted       + Procured or renewed debt facilities of $5.0 billion, across Goodman and its managed partnerships with
            average debt expiry         improved terms; and
                                     + Continued consistent execution of strategy and disciplined behaviour resulting in sustained competitive
                                        long-term growth.

         Corporate and               + Behavioural expectations consistent with Goodman’s core values are an absolute individual
         social responsibility          requirement for eligibility to incentive allocation;
                                     + Continued focus on creating the right culture of transparency, innovation and sustainable practices to
                                        ensure the long-term success and viability of the business;
                                     + Having a social licence and an understanding of stakeholder requirements including environmentally
                                        sustainable properties and practices, social responsibility programmes and support through
                                        community activities, equity in remuneration practices across the organisation and commitment to
                                        creating a diverse workplace; and
                                     + Maintained remuneration policies that emphasise long-term incentives and performance.
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                            051




                    4. REMUNERATION STRUCTURE
                    The remuneration framework is focused on influencing long-term decision making and collaboration across business units and
                    international operations.
                    Fixed remuneration




For personal use only
                                                      Comparatively low compared to similar roles in comparator group.
                        Base salary
                                                      Reviewed annually but a key objective is to not escalate unless compelling reasons exist (primarily
                                                      change of role or significant market forces).

                    Short-term incentives
                    STI is a discretionary, at risk component, specific to achievement of financial and non-financial objectives. This structure is very
                    transparent and aligns management with the EPS growth expectations of Securityholders.

                        Who is eligible to            All permanent employees.
                        participate in the STI?
                                                      The Group CEO agreed with the Board not to participate in the STI awards, to emphasis award for
                                                      long term decision making across the organisation.

                        What is the form of           For executives, 50% of the STI awards are paid in cash on finalisation of Goodman’s full year result.
                        the STI award?
                                                      50% of the STI award is deferred and paid in cash after a period of 12 months and the deferred
                                                      STI amount is subject to forfeiture under malus provisions (see below).

                        What is the maximum           STI awards are capped at 150% for executives.
                        award participants
                        may earn?                     Target STI for individuals is also compared to market-based remuneration data and their manager’s
                                                      own assessment of what an appropriate level of incentive compensation may be.

                        How is the STI pool           The Board sets budget targets for the business annually. These targets are set relative to the market
                        determined?                   conditions, earnings visibility, financial structure and strategy and are challenging and appropriate.
                                                      Targets will vary over time, through cycle and strategy, to ensure they remain contemporary.
                                                      STI pool only considered once target operating EPS (as set in the budget) has been achieved for
                                                      the relevant year; Securityholder returns are prioritised. Once the target operating EPS measure has
                                                      been met, multiple factors (see Delivering strong performance section earlier) are considered in the
                                                      process to calculate the overall size of the STI pool with reference to the intended focus on LTI.

                        How is the individual         STI rewards performance against objectives of the individual and the Group.
                        STI award determined?
                                                      The Group objectives include multiple factors as set from time to time, dependent on the market and
                                                      strategy of the Group. These primarily fall into five groups:
                                                      + property investment;
                                                      + development;
                                                      + management;
                                                      + capital management; and
                                                      + corporate and social responsibility.
                                                      Adherence to the Group’s core values is a minimum hurdle for the STI to vest.
                                                      The performance of individuals is assessed through a detailed performance appraisal process based
                                                      on contribution to defined outcomes, that reflect behavioural expectations, annual contribution to
                                                      results as well as strategic and other contributions where these results or benefits may be reflected in
                                                      future years.

                        Is there malus/               The executives’ STI awards are subject to 50% deferral for 12 months from the date of publication of
                        clawback?                     Goodman’s financial statements. This deferral period provides protection from malus. The Board has
                                                      discretion to forfeit deferred amounts for material misstatement, fraud or adverse changes that would
                                                      have affected the award where there is executive responsibility.
       052                                                            goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
       Continued

       4. REMUNERATION STRUCTURE CONTINUED
       Long-term incentives
       The Group’s LTIP is an at-risk, equity plan that is open to all staff to create alignment with the interests of Securityholders over the
       long term.
       + No value is derived from the LTIP unless cumulative performance hurdles of operating EPS and relative TSR are met or exceeded,




For personal use only
         and employees have no entitlement over performance rights until they vest.
       + However, when performance achieves or exceeds long-term targets and performance rights vest, LTI represents the majority of
         remuneration for the executives and is a material component of remuneration for all employees.

         Who is eligible to              All permanent employees are eligible to participate in the LTIP.
         participate?

         What is the form of the         The LTIP awards performance rights.
         award?

         What is the maximum LTI         When considering the overall size of LTI awards, the Board also considers the number of securities
         participants may earn?          that could vest and the associated impact on the Group’s operating EPS growth. Performance rights
                                         issued under the LTIP are capped at 5% of issued capital with vesting of approximately 1% per
                                         annum, assuming all hurdles are met and all employees remain employed. The Board considers the
                                         performance of the Group in comparison with the comparator group, amount of overall operating
                                         profit, competitive nature of the logistics sector at present and the value of the team in the local and
                                         global market place as appropriate.

         How is the number of            The number of rights is determined by dividing the maximum LTI by a nominal value, which adjusts
         rights determined?              for factors impacting the value of performance rights relative to securities tradeable on the market.
                                         These factors include time value, risk etc (for further details, see Pricing mechanism for allocation of
                                         LTI in section 4 below).

         What are the                    Behaviour in accordance with core values is absolute and a minimum hurdle for any LTIP awards to
         performance measures?           vest. However, the Board believes that the commercial decisions Goodman makes in fulfilment of its
                                         overall objectives are best reflected in two key indicators, operating EPS and relative TSR:
                                         Operating profit is a measure of the cash earnings generated by the Group over time after excluding
                                         items such as the movement in the fair value of properties, derivative valuation movements and other
                                         non-cash (such as the share based payments expense) or non-recurring items, as set out earlier in
                                         the Directors’ report. Goodman’s approach aligns performance goals with realised operating EPS
                                         outcomes for Securityholders.
                                         The accounting fair value of the grant is excluded from operating profit in the numerator (but fully
                                         disclosed in statutory profit) given:
                                         + operating EPS includes all unvested performance rights that have satisfied the performance
                                           hurdles, in the weighted average number of securities reflecting the full potential future dilution
                                           impact on Securityholders;
                                         + the bulk of LTI are at risk for three to five years; and
                                         + the measure of the number of securities is more reliable than the fair value estimation which is
                                           dependent on factors such as security price, volatility, vesting probability and discount rates.
                                         For FY18, the 1,810.8 million weighted average number of securities used in calculating operating
                                         EPS, includes securities that have vested during the year plus 12.0 million securities which have
                                         achieved the required performance hurdles and will vest in September 2018 and September 2019.
                                         The method for calculating the operating EPS has been applied consistently since the LTIP was
                                         established in 2009 and is considered when setting the operating EPS target at the commencement
                                         of each year.
                                         Relative TSR is the cumulative Total Securityholder Return against the ASX100. Goodman is
                                         competing for investors in the Australian market and seeks to appeal to both domestic and
                                         international investors relative to the other investment alternatives on the ASX100. At 30 June 2018,
                                         Goodman was the 21st largest entity on the ASX with a market capitalisation of $17.3 billion.
                                         A significant proportion of the Group’s activities can be characterised as an “operating business”
                                         with the “active” (i.e. non-rental income) aspects of Goodman’s business model possessing sufficient
                                         complexity, geographical spread and capital commitments (including those from global capital
                                         partners) that often do not exist within the domestic REITs. For this reason, our comparator group
                                         captures a wider range of entities and our objective is to provide competitive return against this
                                         group through market cycles.
                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                            053




                    4. REMUNERATION STRUCTURE CONTINUED
                    Long-term incentives continued

                                                   Operating EPS                                         RTSR




For personal use only
                        What is the weighting?     75%.                                                  25%.

                        What are the vesting       Operating EPS awards are subject to                   TSR awards are subject to achievement of
                        conditions?                achievement of a cumulative operating EPS             cumulative total securityholder return relative
                                                   hurdle, which is the combination of three year’s      to the ASX100 over a three year period:
                                                   individual operating EPS hurdles. This ensures
                                                   that the appropriate balance between short and        + 50% of awards vest for performance at
                                                   long-term challenges is incorporated. With the          51st percentile;
                                                   vast majority of remuneration through LTI, the        + 100% of awards vest for performance at
                                                   focus remains on sustainable performance.               76th percentile or above; and
                                                                                                         + awards vest on a sliding scale between
                                                   Targets are disclosed to the market each year.          50% and 100% for performance between
                                                                                                           the 51st and 76th percentile.

                        What is the rationale      Operating EPS and RTSR represent the culmination of all the strategies and measures in a
                        for the performance        comprehensive manner and have the most direct and unambiguous relationship with Securityholder
                        measures?                  expectations. The long-term alignment of these outcomes for Securityholders with the remuneration
                                                   outcomes of our employees is achieved through a significant emphasis on LTI for all employees, over
                                                   and above fixed remuneration and STI.
                                                   The Board believes that operating EPS and RTSR have the most direct relationship with expectations
                                                   of Securityholders and have been in place for nine years. With increased volatility in global markets,
                                                   the bias is towards tangible hurdles, to which all employees internationally can contribute:
                                                   + TSR is influenced by many external factors over which executives have a limited control;
                                                   + there is ultimately a strong correlation between achievement of operating EPS growth and high
                                                     RTSR over time; and
                                                   + given the international nature of Goodman’s operations, and the inclusive LTIP across 100% of
                                                     people in the Group, it is important to have a relatable and tangible measure that each employee
                                                     globally can contribute to and connect with and hence operating EPS is given greater weighting.
                                                   For the purpose of LTI, exceeding these targets each year over a rolling three year period is the gate
                                                   for management potentially receiving performance based remuneration.

                        What is the performance    Both operating EPS and RTSR performance are tested over three years starting from 1 July
                        period?                    each year.

                        How do the LTIP awards     Subject to meeting performance hurdles, vesting occurs in equal tranches following the end of years
                        vest?                      three, four and five, provided participants remain employed by the Group.

                        Is there malus/            Subject to immediate forfeiture in circumstances where employees are dismissed for cause without
                        clawback?                  notice (e.g. fraud or serious misconduct). LTI will also be forfeited where employees cease to be
                                                   employed unless special circumstances exist.

                        What rights are attached   Performance rights have no Securityholder rights prior to vesting (e.g. distributions, voting, rights
                        to the performance         issue participation).
                        rights?

                        What happens to LTIP       Performance rights lapse upon leaving Goodman except in special circumstances (death, retirement
                        upon termination?          and redundancy).
       054                                                           goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       REMUNERATION REPORT — AUDITED
       Continued

       4. REMUNERATION STRUCTURE CONTINUED                                    The determination of remuneration awards each year under
       Determining targets and outcomes                                       this framework considers potential outcomes, if all targets and
                                                                              performance hurdles are achieved, such that final remuneration
       The Board considers many factors in its remuneration                   results are appropriate for the competitive industry in which
       assessment. The process considers the results of the Group,            we operate and the complex nature of the global business.
       the team and the individual. The performance of individuals in their   Consequently, the better Goodman performs over the long term,




For personal use only
       own right is critical and assessed through a detailed performance      but in excess of minimum hurdles, the better the remuneration
       appraisal process, which incorporates individual targets sitting       outcome for employees, but governed by a mechanism which
       alongside Group-wide objectives.                                       does not disproportionately dilute Securityholders over time.
       The overall performance of the Group should manifest in                Conversely, underperformance will result in limited or zero vesting
       sustained EPS growth and if appropriately achieved, in                 and hence, significantly lower remuneration.
       competitive TSR. However, these targets are the culmination of a       Pricing mechanism for allocation of LTI
       thorough process considering multiple other financial, human and
       environmental factors which should be incorporated in order to         For the purpose of determining LTI awards for employees, the
       deliver the sustainable delivery of returns. These include but are     Board values the performance rights with reference to the quoted
       not limited to:                                                        price of Goodman securities on the ASX ($9.62 at 30 June 2018).
                                                                              The short-hand market convention is to consider the value of the
       + appropriate risk adjusted return on assets and business              LTIP grants by applying the face value of the securities. However,
         margins;                                                             there are several fundamental differences between performance
       + net tangible asset growth;                                           rights and actual Goodman securities trading on the market.
       + financial leverage;
       + market cycle;                                                        + performance rights do not receive distributions (for the
       + mix of geographies and activity types;                                 awards that the Board intends to make with regard to the
       + knowledge of targeted changes in operational structure of              FY18 performance, this was estimated to be $1.14 per
         the business and risk; and                                             performance right over the vesting period);
       + behaviour consistent with cultural values.                           + performance rights will only vest if hurdles are exceeded
                                                                                over a three year period, otherwise the rights will lapse.
       The Board has visibility over the changes in strategy, execution         This results in a significant discount to value compared with
       and outlook for the operations in the context of the markets             securities tradeable today;
       we operate and the financial and social parameters required            + performance rights vest equally in three tranches over years
       to ensure sustained performance.                                         three to five; and
       These considerations are not static, just as the business              + significant weighting that is given to this form of long-term,
       and markets we operate in are not static, and hence are not              at-risk incentive is relevant to peer comparisons in the global,
       individually set as KPIs. However, the budget process is built           REIT and ASX100 comparator groups.
       from the ground up, includes all these factors and considers the       Accordingly, performance rights are not equivalent in value to
       desired outcomes, relative to our industry and peer group. The         ordinary securities and will only become of equivalent value if
       formal hurdles for performance are set at rational, but competitive    Goodman meets or exceeds its three year hurdles and continues
       and challenging levels, for the current environment.                   to perform well over the remaining period to actual vesting. This
       Using the same operating EPS measure for STI and LTI ensures           should follow strong financial returns to Securityholders.
       that on an annual basis Securityholders returns are prioritised        The nominal value of Goodman securities is based on the security
       but long-term outcomes are not forfeited in order to achieve STI.      price of $9.62 at 30 June 2018, less an estimate of four annual
       In addition, lower weighting to STI in remuneration packages           distributions totalling $1.14, with resultant valuation of $8.48. The
       has de-emphasised the short-term outcomes over sustained               Board has determined the Group CEO (and all other employees)
       performance. There is a significant correlation in sustainable         intended LTI allocation based on the nominal valuation, adjusted
       historical operating EPS, the improvements in financial position       for the factors listed above which impact the value of the
       and operational volatility, and security price performance.            performance rights relative to securities tradeable on the market.
       The remuneration review approval process occurs in five stages:
       + The Board sets the remuneration strategy;
       + The Board determines the remuneration outcomes for the
         Group CEO;
       + remuneration outcomes for the other executives are
         determined relative to the Group CEO;
       + remuneration outcomes cascade through the business with
         reference to individual performance reviews; and
       + The Board approves final outcomes.
       Multiple criteria are considered in order for the Group to offer a
       market competitive remuneration package which rewards both
       historical performance and provides sufficient incentive in the
       future. The approach to the Group CEO cascades down through
       the other executives.
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                          055




                    5. REMUNERATION OUTCOMES
                    The Board considers that the Group’s results and the business          Group CEO key achievements
                    outcomes in FY18 represent a strong performance. This follows          + Delivered operating profit of $845.9 million and statutory
                    sustained returns over five years both in absolute terms and             profit of $1.098 billion;
                    relative to peers and strong positioning of the Group financially      + Operating EPS growth of 8.3% versus FY18 target of
                    and operationally, and this is reflected in FY18 award of incentives     6% (cumulative operating EPS growth over 3 years of




For personal use only
                    to the executives and other employees.                                   25.5% vs target of 19.1%);
                                                                                           + Outperformed ASX100 comparator group average
                    Total remuneration allocation for the Group CEO has been set             TSR over one, three and five years;
                    by the Board considering:                                              + Improved quality of the Group’s $35.1 billion in external
                    + performance of the Group in comparison with the                        assets under management;
                      comparator group;                                                    + Maintained high quality, diversified and significant
                    + amount of overall operating profit and specific business               development activity with WIP at $3.6 billion;
                      outcomes as detailed in section 3 of the remuneration report         + Fostered exceptional leadership both at a business and
                    + exceptional leadership both at a business and individual level         individual level across the Group;
                      across the Group;                                                    + Maintained a disciplined execution of strategy, improving
                    + competitive nature of the logistics sector at present and the          financial and operational positioning of the Group;
                      value of the Group CEO in the local and global market place;         + Maintained significant financial flexibility and strong
                    + the Group CEO has again agreed not to take STI and all                 balance sheet (gearing at 5.1%);
                      current incentive-based remuneration is in the form of LTI           + Expanded and consolidated partnership relationships,
                      which are exposed to future performance and market risk                increasing available partnership liquidity to $12.1 billion;
                      until vesting; and                                                   + Completed disposal of non-core operations in the UK
                    + the tenure, experience and long-term approach of the Group             and established a partnership in Brazil;
                      CEO, as evidenced through his track record.                          + Maintained a strong risk management approach and
                                                                                             disciplined allocation of capital;
                                                                                           + Fostered a culture of inclusiveness and purpose, with
                                                                                             Goodman Foundation and staff contributing $5.2 million
                                                                                             to more than 95 community organisations; and
                                                                                           + Continued progress on culture and values fostered within
                                                                                             the business, and Goodman’s purpose.
       056                                                                   goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
       Continued

       5. REMUNERATION OUTCOMES CONTINUED
       Components of the Group CEO vested remuneration in FY18
       The FY18 results show strong alignment with performance as illustrated by the Group CEO’s vested remuneration.
       Vested remuneration includes fixed remuneration, STI and LTI based on the number of performance rights that vested during the year
       at the closing price on the day of vesting. It is used in this remuneration report to highlight the remuneration received by the executives




For personal use only
       during the year and differs from the statutory presentation of remuneration that amortises the deemed value of the performance rights
       at the dates of grant over the vesting periods.
       The non-statutory analysis below sets out the Group CEO’s vested remuneration in each of the past five financial years.
                                                                              2014                   2015             2016            2017             2018
       Fixed remuneration ($M)                                                  1.4                   1.4                 1.4          1.4               1.4
       STI ($M)                                                                 2.4                   2.2                   –            –                 –
       LTI ($M)                                                                 2.3                   4.6                 5.2          7.0               7.8
       Total remuneration ($M)                                                  6.1                   8.2                 6.6          8.4               9.2
       Proportion of STI and LTI (%)                                            77                    83                  79           83                85
       Proportion of LTI (%)                                                    38                    56                  79           83                85

       Group CEO remuneration composition at grant and FY18 vesting
       The major contributor to the growth in value of the remuneration outcome for the Group CEO, is the significant Group outperformance
       and security price appreciation. The remuneration structure has provided a clear link between the performance of Goodman and the
       Group CEO’s LTI vesting. Had the Group not outperformed, his total remuneration could have been $1.4 million per annum.
       The value of the LTI is strongly influenced by positive security price performance with the value of vested securities at the vesting date
       (1 September 2017) reflecting an increase of 66% on average versus the security price of the respective tranches at grant date.
       The table below illustrates how the Group’s performance has impacted the Group CEO remuneration between vesting (during FY18)
       and the original grant dates:
                                                                                                            Grant date1                      Vesting date2
                                                                                                      $M                   %           $M                    %
       Fixed                                                                                          1.4                 23           1.4                   15
       LTI                                                                                            4.7                 77           7.8                   85
     1. Calculated using the closing price on the ASX the day the performance rights were granted.
     2. Calculated using the closing price on the ASX the day the performance rights vested.

       Intended FY19 performance rights allocation
       The table below illustrates the value of the Group CEO’s remuneration based on the intended award of performance rights in FY19 with
       regard to his performance in FY18. This award is not reflected in the current year statutory remuneration tables as it did not occur prior
       to 30 June 2018. The Board has determined the Group CEO intended LTI allocation based on the nominal valuation, adjusted for the
       factors which impact the value of the performance rights relative to securities tradeable on the market, and listed under the LTI pricing
       mechanism earlier.
       Pricing and intended allocation of performance rights for the Group CEO
                       Goodman                            Value of                    Nominal value                     Number of                Estimated
                    security price                   distributions                      per security                  performance             nominal value
                                 $                               $                                 $                         rights                       $
                             9.62                             1.14                              8.48                      1,600,000             13,568,000
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                  057




                    5. REMUNERATION OUTCOMES CONTINUED                                     Group CEO
                    Remuneration mix shows alignment across the Group                      FY18 remuneration
                    The long-term focus on delivering sustainable returns for
                    Securityholders and the alignment between pay and long-                                                   STI and LTI
                    term performance is evidenced by the significant portion of                                               Fixed Remuneration




For personal use only
                    remuneration for the Group CEO, the other executives and the           15%
                    organisation as a whole, that is in the form of LTI. In FY18:
                    + 85% of the Group CEO vested remuneration was in the form
                      of LTI, reflecting consistent growth in operating EPS and
                      security price over the period;
                    + 74% of the executives’ vested remuneration (on average) was                                             85%
                      in the form of LTI; and
                    + circa 34% of all employees’ vested remuneration (on average)
                      was in the form of LTI.
                    Future remuneration outcomes will depend on continued
                    outperformance of the Group against its hurdles over the long
                    term. The total at-risk portion of vested remuneration (STI and LTI)
                    is illustrated in the charts below.                                    Executives (including Group CEO)
                                                                                           FY18 remuneration

                                                                                                                              STI and LTI
                                                                                                                              Fixed Remuneration
                                                                                           14%




                                                                                                                              86%




                                                                                           All employees
                                                                                           FY18 remuneration


                                                                                                                              STI and LTI
                                                                                                                              Fixed Remuneration




                                                                                           43%                                57%
       058                                                                 goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
       Continued

       5. REMUNERATION OUTCOMES CONTINUED
       FY18 remuneration allocations
       Group CEO and other executive remuneration outcomes summary

         Key remunerations outcomes




For personal use only
         Fixed remuneration                Group CEO                           No change: base salary still below comparable companies.

                                                                               This is the 10th year that the Group CEO’s base salary has remained
                                                                               unchanged.

                                                                               Fixed remuneration for the Group CEO in FY18 comprised only
                                                                               15% of vested remuneration with the balance at risk and linked to
                                                                               performance.

                                           Other executives                    No change: base salaries still below comparable companies.

                                                                               Fixed remuneration in FY18 comprised only 14% of vested
                                                                               remuneration for other executives, with the balance at risk and linked
                                                                               to performance.

         STI                               Group CEO                           No STI for the Group CEO as per FY17. This is the fourth year the
                                                                               Group CEO has agreed not to take STI, despite strong performance.

                                           Other executives                    STI for other executives in FY18 declined 14% on average compared
                                                                               to FY17 with continuing emphasis on LTI. STI for other executives
                                                                               represented 112% of fixed remuneration (below the cap of 150%).
                                                                               50% of STI will be paid on release of Goodman’s FY18 financial
                                                                               statements and 50% retained for 12 months.

         LTI                               General                             Performance rights awarded for FY18 was Group-wide and in line
                                                                               with FY17. The total unvested performance rights at 30 June 2018
                                                                               was 4.2% of the Group’s issued capital. This reflected:
                                                                               + emphasis on LTI with lower STI in FY18;
                                                                               + significant outperformance of the Group compared with ASX100
                                                                                 and performance hurdles; and
                                                                               + the performance rights are all at risk and if performance
                                                                                 hurdles are achieved, will vest over five years.

                                           Group CEO                           During FY18, $7.8 million1 of performance rights vested, (2017:
                                                                               $7.0 million2). The increase in the value of the LTI compared to FY17,
                                                                               was primarily due to an increase in the Goodman security price of
                                                                               10% and successful vesting outcomes as a consequence of the
                                                                               consistently strong performance over the past five years.
                                                                               In respect of FY18 performance, the Board proposes to award the
                                                                               Group CEO 1.6 million performance rights, in line with the prior year.

                                           Other executives                    In respect of FY18 performance, the Board proposes to issue a
                                                                               similar number3 of performance rights to the other executives in line
                                                                               with FY17, which was a 20% decrease on FY16.
                                                                               The proposed awards to the other executives are:
                                                                               Mr Anthony Rozic – 600,000;
                                                                               Mr Danny Peeters – 550,000;
                                                                               Mr Nick Vrondas – 600,000;
                                                                               Mr Nick Kurtis – 600,000; and
                                                                               Mr Michael O’Sullivan – 400,000.

     1. Based on the closing market price of a Goodman security of $8.27 at the vesting date on 1 September 2017.
     2. Based on the closing market price of a Goodman security of $7.53 at the vesting date on 1 September 2016.
     3. Calculated on a like for like basis given the changes in the KMP.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                                                 059




                    6. EXECUTIVES’ REMUNERATION (STATUTORY ANALYSIS)
                    Details of the nature and amount of each major element of the remuneration of each executive, as calculated under Australian
                    Accounting Standards, are set out below:
                                                                                                                                             Share based                         Performance
                                                               Short-term                                           Long-term                 payments                              related




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                                                  STI + LTI as          LTI as
                                                                                                   Superannuation
                                                                                                                                                    Performance

                                                   Salary     Bonus                                benefits             Bonus                       rights (LTI)4                 percentage of total   percentage of total
                                                 and fees1     (STI)2   Other3         Total                             (STI)2     Other3                               Total
                    Executives                           $         $        $             $                 $                $                                $             $              %                     %
                    Mr Gregory          2018 1,397,236             – 16,810 1,414,046          20,049                           – 24,773      9,262,334 10,721,202                86.4                  86.4
                    Goodman             2017 1,380,337             – 16,163 1,396,500          19,616                           – 24,773      7,450,013 8,890,902                 83.8                  83.8
                    Mr Anthony          2018     691,474           – 18,010        709,484     20,049                 800,000 12,387          3,151,803             4,693,723     84.2                  67.1
                    Rozic               2017     712,073           – 18,010        730,083     19,616                 950,000 12,387          2,576,644             4,288,730     82.2                  60.1
                    Mr Nick Kurtis      2018     671,309           – 18,010        689,319     20,049                 800,000 12,380          3,206,721             4,728,469     84.7                  67.8
                                        2017     667,421           – 18,010        685,431     19,616                 950,000 12,380          2,676,167             4,343,594     83.5                  61.6
                    Mr Nick Vrondas 2018         671,309           – 16,500        687,809     20,049                 800,000       12,387    3,231,772             4,752,017     84.8                  68.0
                                    2017         695,358           – 16,500        711,858     19,616                 950,000       30,480    2,651,284             4,363,238     82.5                  60.8
                    Mr Michael          2018     473,778           – 16,500        490,278     20,049                 550,000        9,318    1,989,621             3,059,266     83.0                  65.0
                    O’Sullivan5         2017           –           –      –              –          –                       –            –            –                     –        –                     –

                                                         €         €         €             €                €                   €       €                     €             €
                    Mr Danny            2018     572,947           –         –     572,947                  –         600,000            –    1,773,396             2,946,343     80.6                  60.2
                    Peeters6            2017     564,950           –         –     564,950                  –         700,000            –    1,537,230             2,802,180     79.8                  54.9
                  1. Salary and fees represents the amounts due under the terms of executives’ service contracts and includes movements in annual leave provisions.
                  2. Executives’ bonus awards are paid in two instalments, 50% on finalisation of Goodman’s financial statements and 50% 12 months later. Under Australian
                     Accounting Standards, this means the entire bonus award is considered as a long-term benefit with regard to the disclosure of individual executive’s
                     remuneration. No bonuses were forfeited during the financial year.
                  3. Other includes reportable fringe benefits, car parking and changes in long service leave provisions.
                  4. Performance rights are a long-term incentive and in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards, the values of the awards are determined using option
                     pricing models and amortised in the income statement over the vesting periods.
                  5. Mr Michael O’Sullivan became a KMP on 1 July 2017.
                  6. The remuneration of Mr Danny Peeters is disclosed in Euros, the currency in which his base remuneration and STI are determined. The value attributed to his
                     performance rights is translated from Australian dollars at the weighted average rate for the relevant financial year.
       060                                                                  goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
       Continued

       7. NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
       Remuneration policy
       Key elements of the                  + The policy is structured to ensure independence of judgement in the performance of their duties.
       Non-Executive Director               + Non-Executive Directors receive fixed fees for being on the Board and additional fees for
       remuneration policy                    membership of committees.




For personal use only
                                            + The fees take into account the size and scope of Goodman’s activities and the responsibilities and
                                              experience of the Directors. Periodically, these fees are benchmarked against data for comparable
                                              entities provided by external advisers.
                                            + As approved by Securityholders at the 2006 Annual General Meeting, total remuneration (including
                                              superannuation) payable by Goodman to all Non-Executive Directors in aggregate must not exceed
                                              $2.5 million per annum. For the current financial year, total Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration
                                              was $2.2 million (2017: $2.3 million).
                                            + The decrease in Non-Executive Director fees compared to the prior financial year was due to the
                                              change in composition of the Board, partly offset by an increase in Board fees (excluding Board
                                              committee fees) from 1 January 2018.
                                            + Non-Executive Directors are not entitled to participate in any STI or LTI schemes as they may be
                                              perceived to create a bias when overseeing executive decision making.
                                            + The Board has a policy, set out in the Directors’ Securities Acquisition Plan, for Non-Executive
                                              Directors to accumulate a significant long-term holding of Goodman securities so that they have an
                                              alignment of interests with those of Securityholders. Under the policy, each Non-Executive Director
                                              is required to acquire securities such that their holding is equal in value to twice their annual base
                                              fees. The value of securities for this purpose equals the higher of purchase cost or market value at
                                              the end of each financial year. This holding may be acquired at any time but where not held at the
                                              beginning of a financial year, the policy is for 25% of base fees (net of tax) during the financial year
                                              to be applied to the on-market purchase of securities.

       Board and committee annual fees
       				                                                                                                                     Risk and          Remuneration
       			          Audit                                                                                                    Compliance          and Nomination
       		 Board Committee                                                                                                     Committee              Committee
       		 $             $                                                                                                              $                      $
       Chairman                                 From 1 Jan 2018                        625,000                50,000               40,000                  40,000
                                  From 1 Jul 2016 to 31 Dec 2017                       561,000                37,500               37,500                  37,500
       Member                                   From 1 Jan 2018                        230,000                25,000               25,000                  25,000
                                  From 1 Jul 2016 to 31 Dec 2017                       204,000                22,500               22,500                  22,500


       Non-Executive Directors’ remuneration (statutory analysis)
       Details of the nature and amount of each major element of the remuneration of Non-Executive Directors, as calculated under Australian
       Accounting Standards, are set out below:
       		                        Salary and                                                                              Superannuation
       		                              fees                                                                                     benefits                      Total
       Non-Executive Directors1		$                                                                                                     $                         $
       Mr Ian Ferrier                                                                      2018             572,951                20,049                593,000
                                                                                           2017             541,384                19,616                561,000
       Mr Philip Fan2                                                                      2018              94,130                     –                 94,130
                                                                                           2017             249,000                     –                249,000
       Mr John Harkness2                                                                   2018              92,406                 7,594                100,000
                                                                                           2017             244,384                19,616                264,000
       Mr Stephen Johns                                                                    2018             251,564                18,874                270,438
                                                                                           2017             103,442                 9,808                113,250
       Ms Anne Keating2                                                                    2018              86,724                 7,594                 94,318
                                                                                           2017             229,384                19,616                249,000
       Ms Rebecca McGrath                                                                  2018             259,451                20,049                279,500
                                                                                           2017             244,384                19,616                264,000
       Mr Phillip Pryke3                                                                   2018             348,890                20,049                368,939
                                                                                           2017             328,231                19,616                347,847
       Mr Jim Sloman                                                                       2018             244,451                20,049                264,500
                                                                                           2017             229,384                19,616                249,000
       Ms Penny Winn4                                                                      2018             108,312                 8,354                116,666
                                                                                           2017                   –                     –                      –
     1. The Non-Executive Directors did not receive any incentive based remuneration.
     2. Mr Philip Fan, Mr John Harkness and Ms Anne Keating retired as Directors on 16 November 2017.
     3. Salary and fees for Mr Phillip Pryke included an amount of A$89,439 (NZ$97,050) (2017: A$83,847 (NZ$88,750)) due in respect of his role on the board and
        audit committee of Goodman (NZ) Limited, the manager of Goodman Property Trust.
     4. Ms Penny Winn was appointed as a Director on 1 February 2018.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                       061




                    8. OTHER REMUNERATION DISCLOSURES
                    Performance rights disclosures
                    Summary of performance relative to the hurdles for the LTIP grants
                    2016 LTIP grant (with a performance testing period that ended on 30 June 2018)
                    Performance rights awarded in FY16 had a performance period ended 30 June 2018. Details of the performance relative to the hurdles




For personal use only
                    are set out below:
                    			                         Out-                                                                             Vested    Weighting          Vesting
                    Hurdle Target Actual performance                                                                                 (%)          (%)     outcome (%)
                    Operating EPS
                    FY16              39.4 cents      40.1 cents        0.7 cents
                    FY17              42.5 cents      43.1 cents        0.6 cents
                    FY18              45.7 cents      46.7 cents        1.0 cents
                    Aggregate				100.0                                                  75.0                                                                      75.0
                    Relative TSR
                    1 July 2015 to
                    30 June 2018   51st percentile 71st percentile 76th percentile 90.0 25.0                                                                      22.5
                    Total vesting						                                                                                                                           97.5
                    Based on the achievement of the performance hurdles, 97.5% of the FY16 performance rights will vest into Goodman securities,
                    subject to meeting the employment conditions, and will be delivered to executives in three tranches on an annual basis commencing
                    from September 2018. Executives must remain employed on each of the three vesting dates in September 2018, 2019 and 2020
                    respectively for the performance rights to vest.
                    2017 and 2018 LTIP grants
                    For the grants made in FY17 and FY18, the performance testing periods run to 30 June 2019 and 30 June 2020 respectively. For both
                    grants, an assessment of operating EPS and relative TSR as at 30 June 2018 indicated that the operating EPS hurdles had been met
                    and relative TSR hurdles were partially achieved. However, the performance hurdles for both grants will need to be assessed over the
                    full three year performance periods to determine whether they are satisfied.
                    Movements in performance rights held by the KMP
                    The movements in the number of performance rights during FY18 are summarised as follows:
                    		 Held at the start                                                            Granted as			                                       Held at the end
                      Year of the year1                                                           compensation Vested Forfeited                             of the year
                    Executive Directors
                    Mr Gregory Goodman                       2018           6,301,370                 1,600,000               (939,297)            –        6,962,073
                                                             2017           4,885,979                 2,400,000               (932,505)      (52,104)       6,301,370
                    Mr Anthony Rozic                         2018           2,262,777                   600,000               (468,153)            –        2,394,624
                                                             2017           2,045,559                   700,000               (459,625)      (23,157)       2,262,777
                    Mr Danny Peeters                         2018           1,967,528                   550,000               (453,070)            –        2,064,458
                                                             2017           1,850,310                   600,000               (459,625)      (23,157)       1,967,528
                    Other executives
                    Mr Nick Kurtis                           2018           2,412,777                    600,000              (468,154)            –        2,544,623
                                                             2017           2,195,559                    700,000              (459,625)      (23,157)       2,412,777
                    Mr Nick Vrondas                          2018           2,362,295                    600,000              (414,417)            –        2,547,878
                                                             2017           2,000,460                    750,000              (367,903)      (20,262)       2,362,295
                    Mr Michael O’Sullivan                    2018           1,505,802                    390,000              (327,293)            –        1,568,509
                                                             2017                   –                          –                     –             –                –
                  1. Relates to performance rights held at the later of the start of the financial year or the date of becoming a KMP.
       062                                                                                                goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
       Continued

       8. OTHER REMUNERATION DISCLOSURES CONTINUED
       Analysis of performance rights held by the KMP
       Details of the awards of performance rights under the LTIP granted by Goodman as compensation to the executives are set out in the
       following tables:




For personal use only
                                                                                                               Total value of
                             Number of              Date of
                                                                                                                                                                                          Value of
                                                                                          Fair value per
                                                                                                               performance rights                                                         performance rights           Financial years in
                                                                                                                                    Vested in prior

                                                                         Financial year
                             performance rights     performance rights

                                                                                                                                                                      Forfeited (%)
                                                                                          performance right1                                          Vested in the

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Expiry date4
                                                                                                               granted1                                                                   vested in the year3

                             granted                granted                               $                    $                    years (%)         year (%)2                           $                            which grant vests

       Executive Directors
       Mr Gregory           1,600,000             16 Nov 2017            2018                  6.70 10,720,000                                 –               –                      –                         –   2021 – 2023             1 Sep 2022
       Goodman              2,400,000             30 Sep 2016            2017                  5.64 13,536,000                                 –               –                      –                         –   2020 – 2022             1 Sep 2021
                            2,000,000             25 Nov 2015            2016                  4.44            8,880,000                       –               –                      –                         –   2019 – 2021             1 Sep 2020
                              995,476             20 Nov 2014            2015                  4.01            3,991,859                       – 33.3                                 –   2,744,193                 2018 – 2020             2 Sep 2019
                              947,368             22 Nov 2013            2014                  3.67            3,476,841 31.5 31.5                                      5.5               2,467,942                 2017 – 2019             3 Sep 2018
                              927,152             16 Nov 2012            2013                  3.37            3,124,502 66.7 33.3                                                    –   2,555,852                 2016 – 2018             1 Sep 2017
       Mr Anthony Rozic       600,000             16 Nov 2017            2018                  6.70            4,020,000                      –                –                      –                         –   2021 – 2023             1 Sep 2022
                              700,000             30 Sep 2016            2017                  5.64            3,948,000                      –                –                      –                         –   2020 – 2022             1 Sep 2021
                              600,000             25 Nov 2015            2016                  4.44            2,664,000                      –                –                      –                         –   2019 – 2021             1 Sep 2020
                              542,987             20 Nov 2014            2015                  4.01            2,177,378                      – 33.3                                  –   1,496,829                 2018 – 2020             2 Sep 2019
                              421,053             22 Nov 2013            2014                  3.67            1,545,265 31.5 31.5                                      5.5               1,096,867                 2017 – 2019             3 Sep 2018
                              463,576             12 Oct 2012            2013                  3.15            1,460,264 66.7 33.3                                                    –   1,277,930                 2016 – 2018             1 Sep 2017
       Mr Danny Peeters       550,000             16 Nov 2017            2018                  6.70            3,685,000                      –                –                      –                         –   2021 – 2023             1 Sep 2022
                              600,000             30 Sep 2016            2017                  5.64            3,384,000                      –                –                      –                         –   2020 – 2022             1 Sep 2021
                              450,000             25 Nov 2015            2016                  4.44            1,998,000                      –                –                      –                         –   2019 – 2021             1 Sep 2020
                              497,738             20 Nov 2014            2015                  4.01            1,995,929                      – 33.3                                  –   1,372,092                 2018 – 2020             2 Sep 2019
                              421,053             22 Nov 2013            2014                  3.67            1,545,265 31.5 31.5                                      5.5               1,096,867                 2017 – 2019             3 Sep 2018
                              463,576             12 Oct 2012            2013                  3.15            1,460,264 66.7 33.3                                                    –   1,277,930                 2016 – 2018             1 Sep 2017
       Refer to the following page for explanatory footnotes.
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                                                                                         063




                    8. OTHER REMUNERATION DISCLOSURES CONTINUED


                                             Number of              Date of
                                                                                                                               Total value of                                                             Value of
                                                                                                          Fair value per
                                                                                                                               performance rights                                                         performance rights           Financial years in
                                                                                                                                                    Vested in prior

                                                                                         Financial year
                                             performance rights     performance rights

                                                                                                                                                                                      Forfeited (%)
                                                                                                          performance right1                                          Vested in the

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Expiry date4
                                                                                                                               granted1                                                                   vested in the year3




For personal use only
                                             granted                granted                               $                    $                    years (%)         year (%)2                           $                            which grant vests

                    Other executives
                    Mr Nick Kurtis            600,000             30 Sep 2017            2018                  6.41            3,846,000                       –               –                      –                         –   2021 – 2023             1 Sep 2022
                                              700,000             30 Sep 2016            2017                  5.64            3,948,000                       –               –                      –                         –   2020 – 2022             1 Sep 2021
                                              750,000             23 Sep 2015            2016                  4.06            3,045,000                       –               –                      –                         –   2019 – 2021             1 Sep 2020
                                              542,987              9 Oct 2014            2015                  4.05            2,199,097                       – 33.3                                 –   1,496,837                 2018 – 2020             2 Sep 2019
                                              421,053             27 Sep 2013            2014                  3.66            1,541,054 31.5 31.5                                      5.5               1,096,867                 2017 – 2019             3 Sep 2018
                                              463,576             12 Oct 2012            2013                  3.15            1,460,264 66.7 33.3                                                    –   1,277,930                 2016 – 2018             1 Sep 2017
                    Mr Nick Vrondas           600,000             30 Sep 2017            2018                  6.41            3,846,000                      –                –                      –                         –   2021 – 2023             1 Sep 2022
                                              750,000             30 Sep 2016            2017                  5.64            4,230,000                      –                –                      –                         –   2020 – 2022             1 Sep 2021
                                              750,000             23 Sep 2015            2016                  4.06            3,045,000                      –                –                      –                         –   2019 – 2021             1 Sep 2020
                                              497,738              9 Oct 2014            2015                  4.05            2,015,839                      – 33.3                                  –   1,372,101                 2018 – 2020             2 Sep 2019
                                              368,421             27 Sep 2013            2014                  3.66            1,348,421 31.5 31.5                                      5.5                  959,758                2017 – 2019             3 Sep 2018
                                              397,351             12 Oct 2012            2013                  3.15            1,251,656 66.7 33.3                                                    –   1,095,370                 2016 – 2018             1 Sep 2017
                    Mr Michael                390,000             30 Sep 2017            2018                  6.41            2,499,900                      –                –                      –                         –   2021 – 2023             1 Sep 2022
                    O’Sullivan                450,000             30 Sep 2016            2017                  5.64            2,538,000                      –                –                      –                         –   2020 – 2022             1 Sep 2021
                                              350,000             23 Sep 2015            2016                  4.06            1,421,000                      –                –                      –                         –   2019 – 2021             1 Sep 2020
                                              418,553              9 Oct 2014            2015                  4.05            1,695,140                      – 33.3                                  –   1,153,814                 2018 – 2020             2 Sep 2019
                                              315,789             27 Sep 2013            2014                  3.66            1,155,788 31.5 31.5                                      5.5                  822,650                2017 – 2019             3 Sep 2018
                                              264,901             12 Oct 2012            2013                  3.15               834,438 66.7 33.3                                                   –      730,249                2016 – 2018             1 Sep 2017
                  1. The fair value was determined at grant date and calculated using a combination of the standard Black Scholes model with a continuous dividend/distribution
                     yield and a Monte Carlo model which simulated total returns for each of the ASX100 entities, and discounted the future value of any potential future vesting
                     performance rights to arrive at a present value.
                  2. As performance rights had an exercise price of $nil, Goodman securities were automatically issued to employees when the performance rights vested.
                     Accordingly, the percentage of performance rights that vested during the financial year equalled the percentage of securities issued during the financial year.
                  3. The value of performance rights vested was calculated using the closing price on the ASX of $8.27 on 1 September 2017, the day the performance
                     rights vested.
                  4. As Goodman securities were automatically issued to employees when the performance rights vested, and lapsed where they failed to do so, the vesting
                     date was also deemed to be the expiry date.
       064                                                                        goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       REMUNERATION REPORT – AUDITED
       Continued

       8. OTHER REMUNERATION DISCLOSURES CONTINUED
       Hedging of unvested performance rights
       The Board’s policy set out in the Securities Trading Policy is that executives and other employees may not enter into any arrangement
       to limit their exposure to risk in relation to unvested performance rights, options or securities issued under an employee incentive plan.
       In accordance with their terms of employment, executives are required to comply with Goodman’s policies. The Corporations Act 2001




For personal use only
       also expressly prohibits KMP from hedging unvested remuneration.
       Service contracts
       Executives are engaged under written employment contracts until notice is given by either Goodman or the executive. Notice periods
       are for six months with the exception of Mr Goodman and Mr Peeters for whom the period is 12 months. Mr Danny Peeters provides
       his services through a management company, DPCON Bvba.
       Movement in Goodman securities held
       The movements during the financial year in the number of Goodman securities held, directly, indirectly or beneficially, by each KMP,
       including their related parties, are set out below:
       			Securities
       			 issued on vesting
       		 Held at the start of performance			                                                                                                 Held at the end
         Year of the year1            rights Acquisitions Disposals                                                                              of the year2
       Non-Executive Directors
       Mr Ian Ferrier                           2018               186,982                            –                   8,992          –          195,974
                                                2017               175,912                            –                  11,070          –          186,982
       Mr Philip Fan                            2018                93,258                            –                       –          –           93,258
                                                2017                72,958                            –                  20,300          –           93,258
       Mr John Harkness                         2018                70,030                            –                       –          –           70,030
                                                2017                95,897                            –                       –    (25,867)          70,030
       Mr Stephen Johns                         2018                15,000                            –                       –          –           15,000
                                                2017                15,000                            –                       –          –           15,000
       Ms Anne Keating                          2018                64,033                            –                       –          –           64,033
                                                2017                64,033                            –                       –          –           64,033
       Ms Rebecca McGrath                       2018                31,821                            –                   4,370          –           36,191
                                                2017                26,406                            –                   5,415          –           31,821
       Mr Phillip Pryke                         2018               114,232                            –                       –    (13,352)         100,880
                                                2017               114,232                            –                       –          –          114,232
       Mr Jim Sloman                            2018                93,273                            –                   4,120          –           97,393
                                                2017                88,128                            –                   5,145          –           93,273
       Ms Penny Winn                            2018                     –                            –                  24,700          –           24,700
                                                2017                     –                            –                       –          –                –
       Executive Directors
       Mr Gregory Goodman                       2018           37,983,175                    939,297                          –   (800,000)      38,122,472
                                                2017           37,984,597                    932,505                          –   (933,927)      37,983,175
       Mr Anthony Rozic                         2018              941,307                    468,153                          –   (300,000)       1,109,460
                                                2017              854,182                    459,625                          –   (372,500)         941,307
       Mr Danny Peeters                         2018            1,843,520                    453,070                          –   (500,030)       1,796,560
                                                2017            1,383,895                    459,625                          –          –        1,843,520
       Other executives
       Mr Nick Kurtis                           2018               705,789                   468,154                          –   (513,591)         660,352
                                                2017               530,099                   459,625                          –   (283,935)         705,789
       Mr Nick Vrondas                          2018               330,000                   414,417                          –   (340,000)         404,417
                                                2017               200,000                   367,903                          –   (237,903)         330,000
       Mr Michael O’Sullivan                    2018               437,674                   327,293                          –          –          764,967
                                                2017                     –                         –                          –          –                –
     1. Relates to securities held at the later of the start of the financial year or the date of becoming a KMP.
     2. Relates to securities held at the earlier of the end of the financial year or the date of ceasing to be a KMP.
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                     065




                    8. OTHER REMUNERATION DISCLOSURES CONTINUED
                    Movement in hybrid securities issued by Goodman PLUS Trust
                    During the year, the Group repurchased all the Goodman PLUS on issue. The movements during the financial year in the number of
                    Goodman PLUS held directly, indirectly or beneficially by the KMP, including their related parties, are set out below:
                    		 Held at the start		                                                                                             Held at the end




For personal use only
                      Year  of the year Repurchased                                                                                        of the year
                    Mr Anthony Rozic                                                          2018            1,000        (1,000)                  –
                                                                                              2017            1,000             –               1,000
                    Mr Nick Vrondas                                                           2018              120          (120)                  –
                                                                                              2017              120             –                 120

                    None of the Non-Executive Directors or other executives had any interests in Goodman PLUS.
                    Movement in Goodman Property Trust securities
                    Throughout the year, Mr Michael O’Sullivan held 349,650 units in Goodman Property Trust (GMT). GMT is listed on the New Zealand
                    Stock Exchange and Goodman owned 21.2% of the issued units at 30 June 2018.
                    Transactions with Directors, executives and their related entities
                    There were no other transactions with Directors, executives and their related entities.
       066                                                            goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       Continued



       ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS                                               NON-AUDIT SERVICES
       Goodman has policies and procedures to identify and                     During the financial year, KPMG, Goodman and GIT’s auditor,
       appropriately address environmental obligations that might arise        performed certain other services in addition to the audit and
       in respect of Goodman’s operations that are subject to significant      review of the financial statements.
       environmental regulation under a law of Australia. The Directors
       have determined that Goodman has complied with those                    The Board has considered the non-audit services provided




For personal use only
       obligations during the financial year and that there has not been       during the financial year by the auditor and, in accordance with
       any material breach.                                                    written advice authorised by a resolution of the Audit Committee,
                                                                               resolved that it is satisfied that the provision of those non-audit
       DISCLOSURE IN RESPECT OF ANY INDEMNIFICATION                            services during the financial year by the auditor is compatible with,
       AND INSURANCE OF OFFICERS AND AUDITORS                                  and did not compromise, the auditor independence requirements
       Pursuant to the Constitution of Goodman, current and former             of the Corporations Act 2001 for the following reasons:
       directors and officers of Goodman are entitled to be indemnified.       + all non-audit services were subject to the corporate
       Deeds of Indemnity have been executed by Goodman, consistent              governance procedures adopted by Goodman and have
       with the Constitution, in favour of each Director. The Deed               been reviewed by the Audit Committee to ensure they do
       indemnifies each Director to the extent permitted by law for              not impact the integrity and objectivity of the auditor; and
       liabilities (other than legal costs) incurred in their capacity as a    + the non-audit services provided do not undermine the
       director of Goodman or a controlled entity and, in respect of             general principles relating to auditor independence as set
       legal costs, for liabilities incurred in defending or resisting civil     out in APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional
       or criminal proceedings.                                                  Accountants, as they did not involve reviewing or auditing
       Goodman has insured to the extent permitted by law, current and           the auditor’s own work, acting in a management or decision
       former directors and officers of Goodman in respect of liability and      making capacity for Goodman, acting as an advocate for
       legal expenses incurred in their capacity as a director or officer.       Goodman or jointly sharing risks and rewards.
       As it is prohibited under the terms of the contract of insurance,       Details of the amounts paid to the auditor of Goodman and GIT,
       the Directors have not included details of the nature of the            KPMG and its network firms, for the audit and non-audit services
       liabilities covered or the amount of the premiums paid.                 provided during the financial year are set out in note 22 to the
       The auditors of Goodman are not indemnified by Goodman or               consolidated financial statements.
       covered in any way by this insurance in respect of the audit.
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                         067




                    QUALIFICATIONS, EXPERIENCE AND                                            Ms Rebecca McGrath – Independent Director
                    SPECIAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS                                     Chairman of the Risk and Compliance Committee and
                    AND COMPANY SECRETARY                                                     Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
                    Board of Directors                                                        Appointed to the board of Goodman Limited and GFML
                                                                                              on 3 April 2012; Tenure 6 years, 3 months
                    Mr Ian Ferrier AM – Independent Chairman




For personal use only
                    Member of the Audit Committee and Remuneration                            Rebecca is currently a non-executive director of Incitec Pivot
                    and Nomination Committee                                                  Limited (since September 2011) and Chairman of OZ Minerals
                    Appointed to the board of Goodman Limited on                              Limited (non-executive director since November 2010). Rebecca
                    1 September 2003; Tenure 14 years, 10 months                              is also Independent Chairman and a director of Investa Office
                    Appointed to the board of GFML on 23 February 2005;                       Management Holdings (since June 2016), an unlisted entity of the
                    Tenure 13 years, 4 months                                                 Investa Group, and the Independent Chairman of Scania Australia
                                                                                              Pty Limited. Rebecca was formerly a director of CSR Limited
                    Ian was appointed Chairman on 28 July 2009 (having been Acting            (February 2012 to October 2016). During her executive career
                    Chairman from 28 November 2008). Ian is a Fellow of Chartered             at BP plc, she held numerous senior roles in finance, operations,
                    Accountants Australia and New Zealand and has in excess of                corporate planning, project management and marketing in
                    40 years of experience in company corporate recovery and                  Australasia, the UK, and Europe. Her most recent executive
                    turnaround practice. Ian is also a director of a number of private        experience was as Chief Financial Officer of BP Australasia.
                    and public companies. He is currently Chairman of Reckon
                    Limited (director since August 2004 to July 2018) and a director          Rebecca holds a Bachelors Degree of Town Planning and a
                    of EnergyOne Limited (since January 2007). He was formerly the            Masters of Applied Science (Project Management) and is a
                    Chairman of InvoCare Limited and Australian Vintage Ltd (from             graduate of the Cambridge University Business and Environment
                    March 1991 to May 2015).                                                  Programme. She is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of
                                                                                              Company Directors.
                    His experience is essentially concerned with understanding the
                    financial and other issues confronting company management,                Mr Danny Peeters – Executive Director, Corporate
                    analysing those issues and implementing policies and strategies           Appointed to the board of Goodman Limited and GFML
                    which lead to success. Ian has significant experience in property         on 1 January 2013; Tenure 5 years, 6 months
                    and development, tourism, manufacturing, retail, hospitality and
                    hotels, infrastructure and aviation and service industries.               Danny has oversight of Goodman’s European and Brazilian
                                                                                              operations and strategy. Danny has been with Goodman since
                    Mr Gregory Goodman – Group Chief Executive Officer                        2006 and has 19 years of experience in the property and logistics
                    Appointed to the board of Goodman Limited on 7 August                     sectors. Danny is a director and/or a representative of Goodman’s
                    1998; Tenure 19 years, 11 months                                          investment management entities, subsidiaries and partnerships in
                    Appointed to the board of GFML on 17 January 1995;                        Europe and Brazil.
                    Tenure 23 years, 5 months
                                                                                              During his career, Danny has built up extensive experience in the
                    Gregory is responsible for Goodman’s overall operations and               design, implementation and outsourcing of pan- European supply
                    the implementation of its strategic plan. He has over 30 years of         chain and real estate strategies for various multinationals. Danny
                    experience in the property industry with significant expertise in the     was Chief Executive Officer of Eurinpro, a developer of tailor-
                    industrial property arena. Gregory was a co-founder of Goodman,           made logistic property solutions in Europe acquired by Goodman
                    playing an integral role in establishing its specialist global position   in May 2006.
                    in the property market through various corporate transactions,
                    including takeovers, mergers and acquisitions.
                    He is a director of Goodman (NZ) Limited (the manager of
                    the New Zealand Exchange listed Goodman Property Trust),
                    and a director and/or a representative on other subsidiaries,
                    management companies and partnerships of Goodman.
                    Mr Stephen Johns – Independent Director
                    Chairman of the Audit Committee and Member of the Risk
                    and Compliance Committee
                    Appointed to the board of Goodman Limited and GFML
                    on 1 January 2017; Tenure 1 year, 6 months
                    Stephen is currently Chairman and a non-executive director
                    of Brambles Limited and was previously Chairman and non-
                    executive director of Leighton Holdings Limited and Spark
                    Infrastructure Group. Stephen is a former executive and a
                    non-executive director of Westfield Group where he had a
                    long executive career during which he held a number of senior
                    positions including that of Finance Director from 1985 to 2002.
                    He has a Bachelor of Economics Degree from The University
                    of Sydney and is a Fellow of Chartered Accountants Australia
                    and New Zealand and a Fellow of the Australian Institute of
                    Company Directors.
       068                                                             goodmAn grouP



       DIRECTORS’ REPORT
       Continued



       QUALIFICATIONS, EXPERIENCE AND                                         Ms Penny Winn – Independent Director
       SPECIAL RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS                                  Member of the Audit Committee and Risk and Compliance
       AND COMPANY SECRETARY                                                  Committee
       Board of Directors continued                                           Appointed to the board of Goodman Limited and GFML
                                                                              on 1 February 2018; Tenure 5 months
       Mr Phillip Pryke – Independent Director




For personal use only
       Chairman of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee                  Penny is currently the Chair of Port Waratah Coal Services
       and Member of the Audit Committee                                      Limited (since June 2015), non-executive director of CSR
       Appointed to the board of Goodman Limited and GFML                     Limited (since November 2015) and non-executive director of
       on 13 October 2010; Tenure 7 years, 9 months                           Caltex Australia Limited (since November 2015). Penny has
                                                                              over 30 years of experience in retail, supply chain and digital
       Phillip is a director of North Ridge Partners Pty Limited and          strategy in senior management roles in Australia and overseas,
       Tru-Test Corporation Limited. He is also a director of Goodman         including as Director Group Retail Services with Woolworths
       (NZ) Limited, the manager of the New Zealand Exchange listed           Limited (2011 to 2015) where she was responsible for leading the
       Goodman Property Trust. He was formerly the Deputy Chairman            Logistics and Information Technology divisions, Online Retailing
       and Lead Independent Director of New Zealand Exchange listed           and the Customer Engagement teams across the organisation.
       Contact Energy Limited.                                                She has previously served as a director of a Woolworths
       Phillip has wide experience in the fishing, energy, financial          business (Greengrocer.com), a Myer business (sass & bide) and
       services, and health and technology industries and holds a             Quantium Group.
       Bachelor of Economics Degree.                                          Penny is a member of the University of Technology, Sydney
       Mr Anthony Rozic – Deputy Group Chief Executive Officer                (UTS) Business School’s Advisory Board and a graduate of the
       and Chief Executive Officer, North America                             Australian Institute of Company Directors. Penny holds a Bachelor
       Appointed to the board of Goodman Limited and GFML                     of Commerce Degree from the Australian National University and
       on 1 January 2013; Tenure 5 years, 6 months                            a Master of Business Administration Degree from UTS.
       Anthony joined Goodman in 2004 as Group Chief Financial                Company Secretary
       Officer and was appointed Group Chief Operating Officer in             Mr Carl Bicego – Group Head of Legal and
       February 2009. He was then subsequently appointed Deputy               Company Secretary
       Chief Executive Officer in August 2010 and Chief Executive             Appointed as Company Secretary of Goodman Limited and
       Officer, North America in September 2016. Anthony’s                    GFML on 24 October 2006
       responsibilities include assisting in setting and managing strategy,
       business performance, corporate transactions and related               Carl is the Group Head of Legal and the Company Secretary of
       operational projects.                                                  the Company. He was admitted as a solicitor in 1996 and joined
                                                                              Goodman from law firm Allens in 2006. Carl holds a Master of
       Anthony is a qualified Chartered Accountant and has over               Laws Degree and Bachelor of Economics/Bachelor of Laws
       20 years of experience in the property industry, having previously     (Hons) Degrees.
       held a number of senior roles in the property funds management
       industry and chartered accountancy profession. He was
       appointed as Executive Director of Goodman in January 2013.
       Mr Jim Sloman, OAM – Independent Director
       Member of the Remuneration and Nomination Committee
       and Risk and Compliance Committee
       Appointed to the board of Goodman Limited and GFML on
       1 February 2006; Tenure 12 years, 5 months
       Jim has over 40 years of experience in the building and
       construction industries in Australia and overseas, including
       experience with Sir Robert McAlpine & Sons in London, Lend
       Lease Corporation in Australia and as Deputy Chief Executive
       and Chief Operating Officer of the Sydney Organising Committee
       for the Olympic Games (SOCOG) from 1997 to 2001. He was
       the CEO and a director of MI Associates Pty Limited, a company
       established by him and comprising some of the leading members
       of the former SOCOG senior management team. He advised on
       major events including the London 2012 Olympic Games and Rio
       de Janiero 2016 Olympic Games. Jim is currently working as an
       advisor to the Qatar 2022 World Cup.
       In addition, Jim is Chairman of Laing O’Rourke Australia Pty
       Limited and of several of its associated companies and a director
       of SHAPE Holdings Pty Limited and of several of its associated
       companies. With his range of experience, Jim brings significant
       property, construction and major projects expertise to Goodman.
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                         069




                    EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO BALANCE DATE                                      The Directors’ report is made in accordance with a resolution
                    Subsequent to 30 June 2018, the Group repaid GBP                       of the Directors.
                    121.0 million of notes on their maturity and BRL 80.8 million
                    on the cancellation of a secured bank facility.
                    Other than as disclosed above, there has not arisen in the interval




For personal use only
                    between the end of the financial year and the date of this report
                    any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature
                    likely, in the opinion of the Directors, to affect significantly the
                    operations of Goodman, the results of those operations, or the
                    state of affairs of Goodman, in future financial years.
                    DECLARATION BY THE GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE
                    OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER                                    Ian Ferrier AM                 Gregory Goodman
                                                                                           Independent Chairman           Group Chief Executive Officer
                    The Group Chief Executive Officer and Group Chief Financial
                    Officer declared in writing to the Board that, in their opinion, the   Sydney, 17 August 2018
                    financial records of Goodman for the year ended 30 June 2018
                    have been properly maintained and the financial report for the
                    year ended 30 June 2018 complies with accounting standards
                    and presents a true and fair view of Goodman’s financial condition
                    and operational results.
                    LEAD AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION
                    UNDER SECTION 307C OF THE CORPORATIONS
                    ACT 2001
                    The lead auditor’s independence declaration is set out on page 70
                    and forms part of this Directors’ report for the financial year.
                    ROUNDING
                    Goodman and GIT are entities of a kind referred to in ASIC
                    Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors’ Reports)
                    Instrument 2016/191, dated 24 March 2016. In accordance
                    with that Instrument, amounts in this Directors’ report and the
                    consolidated financial statements have been rounded to the
                    nearest hundred thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.
       070                                                                                               goodmAn grouP



       LEAD AUDITOR’S INDEPENDENCE DECLARATION
       UNDER SECTION 307C OF THE CORPORATIONS ACT 2001


       TO THE DIRECTORS OF GOODMAN LIMITED AND GOODMAN FUNDS MANAGEMENT LIMITED,
       AS RESPONSIBLE ENTITY FOR GOODMAN INDUSTRIAL TRUST
       I declare that, to the best of my knowledge and belief, in relation to the audits for the financial year ended 30 June 2018 there




For personal use only
       have been:
       (i) no contraventions of the auditor independence requirements as set out in the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audits; and
       (ii) no contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audits.




       KPMG




       John Teer
       Partner
       Sydney, 17 August 2018




       KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG
       network of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG            Liability limited by a scheme approved under
       International Cooperative (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.   Professional Standards Legislation.
                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                      071



                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                    as at 30 June 2018


                                                                                                        Goodman                           GIT
                    		2018                                                                                         2017            2018            2017
                      Note $M                                                                                       $M              $M              $M
                    Current assets
                    Cash and cash equivalents                                 17(a)  2,406.8  2,095.1    2,129.7                                1,882.5
                    Receivables                                                   7    610.0    552.0    2,109.0                                1,737.5




For personal use only
                    Inventories                                                6(d)    520.5    709.7           –                                  23.1
                    Asset held for sale                                        6(b)        –    203.6           –                                     –
                    Other financial assets                                      13       1.6      27.3        1.6                                  27.2
                    Other assets		                                                      17.1      14.7        5.0                                   4.7
                    Total current assets		                                           3,556.0  3,602.4    4,245.3                                3,675.0
                    Non-current assets
                    Receivables                                                  7      71.9      34.8   1,060.9                             1,202.3
                    Inventories                                                6(d)    437.5    525.8        37.5                               37.0
                    Investment properties                                      6(b)  1,774.6  2,010.2    1,222.4                             1,263.5
                    Investments accounted for using the equity method          6(b)  6,585.5  5,522.7    5,021.9                             4,270.8
                    Deferred tax assets                                          5       6.0      10.2          –                                  –
                    Other financial assets                                      13     187.8    215.3      220.6                               238.6
                    Goodwill and intangible assets                              10     816.7    771.9           –                                  –
                    Other assets		                                                      23.4      17.9          –                                  –
                    Total non-current assets		                                       9,903.4  9,108.8    7,563.3                             7,012.2
                    Total assets		                                                  13,459.4 12,711.2   11,808.6                            10,687.2
                    Current liabilities
                    Payables                                                     8     422.5    358.8      542.9                                   93.1
                    Current tax payables                                         5      59.2      63.5          –                                     –
                    Interest bearing liabilities                                12     222.9      28.8     215.9                                      –
                    Provisions                                                   9     270.5    262.8      166.6                                  236.2
                    Other financial liabilities                                 13      54.5    158.4        54.5                                 158.4
                    Total current liabilities		                                      1,029.6    872.3      979.9                                  487.7
                    Non-current liabilities
                    Payables                                                     8     191.1    198.5      465.4                                  163.3
                    Interest bearing liabilities                                12   2,858.6  2,849.5    2,749.0                                2,576.3
                    Deferred tax liabilities                                     5      77.7      45.9       43.2                                  11.8
                    Provisions                                                   9      34.3      46.5          –                                     –
                    Other financial liabilities                                 13      94.4      76.3       94.4                                  76.3
                    Total non-current liabilities		                                  3,256.1  3,216.7    3,352.0                                2,827.7
                    Total liabilities		                                              4,285.7  4,089.0    4,331.9                                3,315.4
                    Net assets		                                                     9,173.7  8,622.2    7,476.7                                7,371.8
                    Equity attributable to Securityholders
                    Issued capital                                            16(a)  8,031.7  8,031.7    7,381.3                                7,310.5
                    Reserves		                                                         185.0     (56.7)     (16.9)                                 (80.9)
                    Retained earnings		                                                957.0    321.4      112.3                                 (183.6)
                    Total equity attributable to Securityholders		                   9,173.7  8,296.4    7,476.7                                7,046.0
                    Comprising:
                    Total equity attributable to GL                           18(a)    582.5    366.1
                    Total equity attributable to other entities stapled to GL 18(b)  8,591.2  7,930.3
                    Total equity attributable to Securityholders		                   9,173.7  8,296.4    7,476.7                                7,046.0
                    Other non-controlling interests                           18(c)        –    325.8           –                                 325.8
                    Total equity		                                                   9,173.7  8,622.2    7,476.7                                7,371.8

                    The consolidated statements of financial position are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
       072                                                      goodmAn grouP



       CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
       for the year ended 30 June 2018


                                                                                        Goodman                  GIT
       		2018                                                                                      2017   2018         2017
         Note $M                                                                                    $M     $M           $M
       Revenue
       Gross property income                                              2     150.4     177.1       82.4   111.9
       Management income		                                                      316.5     266.3          –        –




For personal use only
       Development income                                                 2   1,115.8   1,207.1       34.1        –
       Distributions from investments		                                              –          –      7.4        –
       		                                                                     1,582.7   1,650.5     123.9    111.9
       Property and development expenses
       Property expenses		                                                       (36.4)    (46.9)    (26.7)   (34.5)
       Development expenses                                               2    (808.9)   (919.9)     (27.4)       –
       		                                                                      (845.3)   (966.8)     (54.1)   (34.5)
       Other income
       Net gain from fair value adjustments
       on investment properties                                       6(e)        71.1    180.9       56.0   159.3
       Net gain on disposal of investment properties		                            67.4    128.8       10.3   173.9
       Net gain on disposal of controlled entities                        2          –        0.4      0.2      0.1
       Share of net results of equity accounted investments 6(f)(i), 6(f)(ii)   910.9     587.7     733.7    431.3
       Net gain/(loss) on disposal of equity investments                  2       40.7       (0.1)    39.3      0.9
       Other income		                                                                –          –      0.4      0.5
       		                                                                     1,090.1     897.7     839.9    766.0
       Other expenses
       Employee expenses                                                  2    (180.7)   (195.9)         –        –
       Share based payments expense                                       2    (125.6)     (85.4)        –        –
       Administrative and other expenses		                                       (68.7)    (76.5)    (46.6)   (50.9)
       Impairment losses                                                  2          –     (93.0)        –        –
       		                                                                      (375.0)   (450.8)    (46.6)    (50.9)
       Profit before interest and tax		                                       1,452.5   1,130.6     863.1    792.5
       Net finance income/(expense)
       Finance income                                                   11        35.3      47.9    174.4    166.3
       Finance expense                                                  11     (302.6)   (327.3)   (292.8)  (348.2)
       Net finance expense		                                                   (267.3)   (279.4)   (118.4)  (181.9)
       Profit before income tax		                                             1,185.2     851.2     744.7    610.6
       Income tax (expense)/benefit		                                            (82.4)    (54.4)    (28.8)     5.9
       Profit for the year		                                                  1,102.8     796.8     715.9    616.5
       Profit/(loss) attributable to GL                              18(a)      182.5      (58.2)
       Profit attributable to other entities stapled to GL           18(b)      915.7     836.3
       Profit attributable to Securityholders		                               1,098.2     778.1     711.3    597.8
       Profit attributable to other non-controlling interests        18(c)         4.6      18.7       4.6     18.7
       Profit for the year		                                                  1,102.8     796.8     715.9    616.5
       Basic profit per security (¢)                                  3(a)        61.1      43.5
       Diluted profit per security (¢)                                3(a)        59.4      42.6

       The consolidated income statements are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                 073



                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                    for the year ended 30 June 2018


                                                                                                    Goodman                            GIT
                    		2018                                                                                     2017             2018         2017
                      Note $M                                                                                   $M               $M           $M
                    Profit for the year                                                  1,102.8    796.8   715.9   616.5
                    Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year
                    Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss




For personal use only
                    Actuarial gains/(losses) on defined benefit superannuation funds          6.9     (2.5)      –       –
                    Effect of foreign currency translation		                                 (1.6)     1.4       –       –
                    		                                                                        5.3    (1.1)       –       –
                    Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently
                    to profit or loss
                    (Decrease)/increase due to revaluation of other financial assets         (0.4)    (0.7)   (2.5)    4.9
                    Cash flow hedges:
                    – Change in value of financial instruments                                3.0      1.3     3.0     4.4
                    – Transfers from cash flow hedge reserve                                    –      3.1       –       –
                    Effect of foreign currency translation		                               194.2   (121.2)   37.7    (44.7)
                    		                                                                     196.8   (117.5)   38.2   (35.4)
                    Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year,
                    net of income tax		                                                    202.1   (118.6)   38.2   (35.4)
                    Total comprehensive income for the year		                            1,304.9    678.2   754.1   581.1
                    Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to GL           18(a)   164.9   (104.5)
                    Total comprehensive income attributable
                    to other entities stapled to GL                                18(b) 1,135.4    764.0
                    Total comprehensive income attributable
                    to Securityholders                                                   1,300.3    659.5   749.5   562.4
                    Total comprehensive income attributable
                    to other non-controlling interests                             18(c)      4.6    18.7      4.6    18.7
                    Total comprehensive income for the year		                            1,304.9    678.2   754.1   581.1

                    The consolidated statements of comprehensive income are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
       074                                                                                      goodmAn grouP



       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
       for the year ended 30 June 2018


                                                                                        Attributable to Goodman Securityholders




                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Other non-


                                                                                                                                                                                             Retained earnings
                                                                    Asset revaluation                        Foreign currency
                                                                                        Cash flow hedge                            Employee       Defined benefit



                                                   Issued capital                                                                                                       Total reserves                                                                      Total equity
                                                                                                                                                  funds actuarial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               controlling interests
                                                                                                                                   compensation
                                                                    reserve             reserve              translation reserve




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                   reserve        losses reserve                                                      Total
       Goodman                        Note        $M                    $M                  $M                    $M                     $M              $M            $M                    $M                      $M             $M                     $M

       Balance at 1 July 2016                 8,031.7               (5.3)               (5.9)              (28.2)                  102.5          (30.3)             32.8                   3.0 8,067.5                       325.8 8,393.3
       Total comprehensive
       (loss)/income for the year
       Profit for the year                             –                      –                  –                       –                  –                –              –             778.1                   778.1        18.7                    796.8
       Other comprehensive
       (loss)/income
       Effect of foreign
       currency translation                            –            (0.1)                 0.1             (121.2)                           –          1.4          (119.8)                            –         (119.8)                    –          (119.8)
       Cash flow hedges:
       – Change in value of
          financial instruments                        –                      –           1.3                            –                  –                –         1.3                             –             1.3                    –             1.3
       – Transfers to income
          statement                                    –                      –           3.1                            –                  –                –         3.1                             –             3.1                    –             3.1
       Decrease due to revaluation
       of other financial assets                       –            (0.7)                        –                       –                  –                –        (0.7)                            –            (0.7)                   –            (0.7)
       Actuarial losses on defined
       benefit superannuation funds                    –                      –                  –                       –                  –         (2.5)           (2.5)                            –            (2.5)                   –            (2.5)
       Total other comprehensive
       (loss)/income for the year,
       net of income tax                               –            (0.8)                 4.5             (121.2)                           –         (1.1) (118.6)                                    –         (118.6)                    –          (118.6)
       Total comprehensive
       (loss)/income for the year,
       net of income tax                               –            (0.8)                 4.5             (121.2)                           –        (1.1) (118.6)                        778.1                   659.5        18.7                     678.2
       Transfers                                       –                      –                  –                       –          (33.4)                   –      (33.4)                 33.4                        –                    –                  –
       Contributions by and
       distributions to owners
       Distributions on
       stapled securities               15             –                      –                  –                       –                  –                –              –            (481.2)                 (481.2)                    –          (481.2)
       Distributions on
       Goodman PLUS                   18(c)            –                      –                  –                       –                  –                –              –                          –               –      (18.7)                    (18.7)
       Equity settled share based
       payments expense                  2             –                      –                  –                       –            62.5                   –       62.5                              –           62.5                     –           62.5
       Acquisition of
       non-controlling interest                        –                      –                  –                       –                  –                –              –             (11.9)                  (11.9)                    –           (11.9)
       Balance at 30 June 2017                8,031.7               (6.1)               (1.4)             (149.4)                  131.6          (31.4)             (56.7)              321.4                   8,296.4      325.8 8,622.2
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                                                                                                 075




                                                                                                     Attributable to Goodman Securityholders




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Other non-


                                                                                                                                                                                                          Retained earnings
                                                                                 Asset revaluation                        Foreign currency
                                                                                                     Cash flow hedge                            Employee       Defined benefit



                                                                Issued capital                                                                                                       Total reserves                                                                       Total equity
                                                                                                                                                               funds actuarial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             controlling interests
                                                                                                                                                compensation
                                                                                 reserve             reserve              translation reserve




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                reserve        losses reserve                                                      Total
                    Goodman                        Note        $M                    $M                  $M                    $M                     $M              $M            $M                    $M                      $M              $M                     $M

                    Balance at 1 July 2017                 8,031.7               (6.1)               (1.4)             (149.4)                  131.6          (31.4)            (56.7)               321.4                   8,296.4       325.8 8,622.2
                    Total comprehensive
                    (loss)/income for the year
                    Profit for the year                             –                      –                  –                       –                  –                –              – 1,098.2                            1,098.2           4.6 1,102.8
                    Other comprehensive
                    (loss)/income
                    Effect of foreign
                    currency translation                            –            (0.4)               (0.1)              194.7                            –         (1.6)         192.6                           –             192.6                      –          192.6
                    Cash flow hedges:
                    – Change in value of
                       financial instruments                        –                      –          3.0                             –                  –               –         3.0                           –                3.0                     –             3.0
                    Decrease due to revaluation
                    of other financial assets                       –            (0.4)                       –                        –                  –               –         (0.4)                         –               (0.4)                    –            (0.4)
                    Actuarial gains on defined
                    benefit superannuation funds                    –                      –                 –                        –                  –          6.9            6.9                           –                6.9                     –             6.9
                    Total other comprehensive
                    (loss)/income for the year,
                    net of income tax                               –            (0.8)                2.9               194.7                            –          5.3          202.1                           –             202.1                      –          202.1
                    Total comprehensive
                    (loss)/income for the year,
                    net of income tax                               –            (0.8)                2.9               194.7                            –          5.3          202.1 1,098.2                                1,300.3           4.6 1,304.9
                    Transfers                                       –                      –                 –                        –          (42.8)                  –       (42.8)                41.6                      (1.2)          1.2                        –
                    Contributions by and
                    distributions to owners
                    Dividends/distributions on
                    stapled securities               15             –                      –                 –                        –                  –               –                  –         (504.2)                 (504.2)                     –          (504.2)
                    Distributions on
                    Goodman PLUS                   18(c)            –                      –                 –                        –                  –               –                  –                    –                  –        (4.6)                     (4.6)
                    Equity settled share based
                    payments expense                  2             –                      –                 –                        –            82.4                  –         82.4                          –              82.4                      –           82.4
                    Repurchase of
                    Goodman PLUS                   18(c)            –                      –                 –                        –                  –               –                  –                    –                  –      (327.0)                   (327.0)
                    Balance at 30 June 2018                8,031.7               (6.9)                1.5                45.3                   171.2          (26.1)            185.0                957.0                   9,173.7                     – 9,173.7

                    The consolidated statement of changes in equity is to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes. For an analysis of equity
                    attributable to non-controlling interests, refer to note 18(b).
       076                                                                             goodmAn grouP



       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY CONTINUED
       for the year ended 30 June 2018


                                                                                                  Attributable to Goodman Securityholders




                                                                                                                            Foreign currency                                                                           Other non-
                                                                              Asset revaluation        Cash flow hedge
                                                                                                                                                                                      (Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                  Employee


                                                             Issued capital                                                                                          Total reserves                                                                 Total equity
                                                                                                                                                                                      losses)/retained

                                                                                                                                                                                                                       controlling interests
                                                                                                                                                  compensation
                                                                              reserve                  reserve              translation reserve




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                  reserve                             earnings                Total
       GIT                                      Note        $M                    $M                       $M                    $M                     $M          $M                          $M           $M             $M                     $M

       Balance at 1 July 2016                           7,249.7                  7.4                  (5.9)              (150.5)                     80.9        (68.1)               (318.0) 6,863.6                 325.8 7,189.4
       Total comprehensive
       income/(loss) for the year
       Profit for the year                                       –                      –                      –                        –                  –             –             597.8              597.8        18.7                    616.5
       Other comprehensive
       (loss)/income
       Effect of foreign currency translation                    –                      –                      –          (44.7)                           –     (44.7)                           –       (44.7)                  –             (44.7)
       Cash flow hedges:
       – Change in value of financial
          instruments                                            –                      –               4.4                             –                  –       4.4                            –         4.4                   –               4.4
       Increase due to revaluation
       of other financial assets                                 –               4.9                           –                        –                  –       4.9                            –         4.9                   –               4.9
       Total other comprehensive income/
       (loss) for the year, net of tax                           –               4.9                    4.4               (44.7)                           –     (35.4)                           –       (35.4)                  –             (35.4)
       Total comprehensive
       income/(loss) for the year                                –               4.9                    4.4               (44.7)                           –     (35.4)                597.8             562.4         18.7                    581.1
       Contributions by and
       distributions to owners
       Distributions on ordinary units            15             –                      –                      –                        –                  –              –           (463.4)            (463.4)                    –          (463.4)
       Distributions on Goodman PLUS            18(c)            –                      –                      –                        –                  –              –                         –         –       (18.7)                    (18.7)
       Issue of ordinary units under the
       Goodman’s LTIP                           16(a)     60.8                          –                      –                        –                  –              –                         –     60.8                    –             60.8
       Equity settled share based payments
       transaction relating to Goodman                           –                      –                      –                        –            22.6         22.6                              –     22.6                    –             22.6
       Balance at 30 June 2017                          7,310.5               12.3                    (1.5)              (195.2)                  103.5          (80.9)               (183.6) 7,046.0                 325.8 7,371.8
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                                                                                                   077




                                                                                                               Attributable to Goodman Securityholders




                                                                                                                                         Foreign currency                                                                            Other non-
                                                                                           Asset revaluation        Cash flow hedge
                                                                                                                                                                                                   (Accumulated
                                                                                                                                                               Employee


                                                                          Issued capital                                                                                          Total reserves                                                                  Total equity
                                                                                                                                                                                                   losses)/retained

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     controlling interests
                                                                                                                                                               compensation
                                                                                           reserve                  reserve              translation reserve




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                                               reserve                             earnings                Total
                    GIT                                      Note        $M                    $M                       $M                    $M                     $M          $M                          $M           $M              $M                     $M

                    Balance at 1 July 2017                           7,310.5               12.3                    (1.5)              (195.2)                  103.5          (80.9)               (183.6) 7,046.0                  325.8 7,371.8
                    Total comprehensive
                    income/(loss) for the year
                    Profit for the year                                       –                     –                        –                     –                    –              –            711.3             711.3           4.6                    715.9
                    Other comprehensive
                    income/(loss)
                    Effect of foreign currency translation                    –             0.7                              –          37.0                            –      37.7                            –       37.7                     –             37.7
                    Cash flow hedges:
                    – Change in value of financial
                    instruments                                               –                     –                 3.0                          –                    –       3.0                            –         3.0                    –               3.0
                    Decrease due to revaluation
                    of other financial assets                                 –            (2.5)                             –                     –                    –       (2.5)                          –        (2.5)                   –              (2.5)
                    Total other comprehensive (loss)/
                    income for the year, net of tax                           –            (1.8)                      3.0               37.0                            –      38.2                            –        38.2                    –             38.2
                    Total comprehensive
                    (loss)/income for the year                                –            (1.8)                      3.0               37.0                            –      38.2                 711.3             749.5           4.6                    754.1
                    Transfers                                                 –                     –                        –                     –                    –              –                 (1.2)          (1.2)         1.2                          –
                    Contributions by and
                    distributions to owners
                    Distributions on ordinary units            15             –                     –                        –                     –                    –              –           (414.2)            (414.2)                   –            (414.2)
                    Distributions on Goodman PLUS            18(c)            –                     –                        –                     –                    –              –                       –           –         (4.6)                     (4.6)
                    Issue of ordinary units under the
                    Goodman’s LTIP                           16(a)     70.8                         –                        –                     –                    –              –                       –       70.8                       –           70.8
                    Equity settled share based payments
                    transaction relating to Goodman                           –                     –                        –                     –              25.8         25.8                            –       25.8                       –           25.8
                    Repurchase of Goodman PLUS               18(c)            –                     –                        –                     –                    –              –                       –           –       (327.0)                   (327.0)
                    Balance at 30 June 2018                          7,381.3               10.5                       1.5             (158.2)                  129.3          (16.9)                112.3 7,476.7                                 – 7,476.7

                    The consolidated statement of changes in equity is to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
       078                                                       goodmAn grouP



       CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
       for the year ended 30 June 2018


                                                                                              Goodman                         GIT
       		2018                                                                                           2017        2018               2017
         Note $M                                                                                         $M          $M                 $M
       Cash flows from operating activities
       Property income received		                                                  148.3             178.2           83.5             113.7
       Cash receipts from development activities		                               1,460.3           1,040.1           38.2                   –




For personal use only
       Other cash receipts from services provided		                                285.5             271.8               –                  –
       Property expenses paid		                                                     (42.1)            (49.2)        (26.3)             (32.4)
       Payments for development activities		                                      (731.5)           (867.6)           (0.6)              (1.2)
       Other cash payments in the course of operations		                          (287.8)           (260.2)         (48.0)             (52.6)
       Distributions received from equity accounted investments		                  465.3             440.4         340.2              273.3
       Interest received		                                                           32.1              22.2          28.2               17.8
       Finance costs paid		                                                       (109.3)           (143.0)       (108.0)            (130.2)
       Net income taxes (paid)/received		                                           (59.6)            (46.3)           0.1               (0.5)
       Net cash provided by operating activities                  17(b)          1,161.2             586.4         307.3              187.9
       Cash flows from investing activities
       Net proceeds from disposal of investment properties		                        459.9          1,121.5         102.8            1,141.7
       Net proceeds from disposal of equity investments		                           208.2               (0.3)         5.2               10.0
       Cash recognised on restructure of Brazil operations		                             –               0.5            –                  –
       Acquisition of non-controlling interest		                                         –            (12.1)            –                  –
       Payments for investment properties		                                        (118.1)          (113.7)         (16.6)             (35.4)
       Payments for equity investments		                                           (571.1)          (260.7)       (361.4)            (157.3)
       Payments for plant and equipment		                                             (5.4)             (5.2)           –                  –
       Net cash (used in)/provided by investing activities		                        (26.5)           730.0        (270.0)             959.0
       Cash flows from financing activities
       Repurchase of Goodman PLUS		                                                (327.0)                 –      (327.0)                   –
       Net cash flows from loans with related parties		                              (10.1)           (11.2)       956.5              107.5
       Proceeds from borrowings		                                                 1,867.1              48.4      1,867.1                13.5
       Payments on borrowings and derivative financial instruments		             (1,678.6)          (114.6)     (1,615.5)            (107.2)
       Cash outflow on debt restructure/modification		                             (162.2)            (17.8)      (162.2)              (17.8)
       Distributions paid		                                                        (488.4)          (461.1)       (488.4)            (443.3)
       Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities		                       (799.2)          (556.3)        230.5             (447.3)
       Net increase in cash held		                                                  335.5            760.1         267.8              699.6
       Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year		                   2,095.1          1,337.0       1,882.5            1,183.6
       Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held		                           (23.8)             (2.0)       (20.6)               (0.7)
       Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year           17(a)           2,406.8          2,095.1       2,129.7            1,882.5

       The consolidated cash flow statements are to be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
       Non-cash transactions are included in note 17(c).
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                            079



                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                    BASIS OF PREPARATION                                                     The consolidated financial statements are prepared on the
                                                                                             historical cost basis, subject to any impairment of assets, except
                        This section sets out the general basis upon which                   that the following assets and liabilities are stated at fair value:
                        Goodman and GIT have prepared their financial statements
                        and information that is disclosed to comply with the                 + investment properties;
                        Australian Accounting Standards, Corporations Act 2001               + derivative financial instruments;
                                                                                             + financial instruments classified as available for sale; and




For personal use only
                        or Corporations Regulations.
                                                                                             + liabilities for cash settled share based payment arrangements.
                        Specific accounting policies can be found in the section
                        to which they relate.                                                In accordance with ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/
                                                                                             Directors’ Reports) Instrument 2016/191, amounts in these
                                                                                             consolidated financial statements have been rounded to the
                    1. BASIS OF PREPARATION                                                  nearest hundred thousand dollars, unless otherwise stated.
                    Goodman Limited and Goodman Industrial Trust are for profit
                    entities domiciled in Australia.                                         (c) Foreign currency translation
                                                                                             Functional and presentation currency
                    (a) Statement of compliance
                                                                                             Items included in the consolidated financial statements of each
                    These consolidated financial statements are general purpose              of the controlled entities are measured using the currency of
                    financial statements which have been prepared in accordance              the primary economic environment in which the entity operates
                    with Australian Accounting Standards adopted by the Australian           (functional currency). The consolidated financial statements are
                    Accounting Standards Board (AASB) and the Corporations Act               presented in Australian dollars, which is the Company’s and the
                    2001. International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) form the        Trust’s functional and presentation currency.
                    basis of Australian Accounting Standards adopted by the AASB.
                    The consolidated financial statements also comply with IFRS.             Transactions
                    The consolidated financial statements are presented in Australian        Foreign currency transactions are translated to each entity’s
                    dollars and were authorised for issue by the Directors on                functional currency at rates approximating to the foreign
                    17 August 2018.                                                          exchange rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Amounts
                                                                                             receivable and payable in foreign currencies at the balance
                    (b) Basis of preparation of the consolidated                             date are translated at the rates of exchange ruling on that date.
                    financial reports                                                        Resulting exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss.
                    The stapling of the Company, the Trust and GLHK was                      Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms
                    implemented on 22 August 2012. Shares in the Company, units              of historical cost are translated at rates of exchange applicable
                    in the Trust and CDIs over shares in GLHK are stapled to one             at the date of the initial transaction. Non-monetary items which
                    another and are quoted as a single security on the ASX. Australian       are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated
                    Accounting Standards require an acquirer to be identified and            using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value
                    an in-substance acquisition to be recognised. In relation to the         was determined.
                    stapling of the Company, the Trust and GLHK, the Company is
                    identified as having acquired control over the assets of the Trust       Translation of controlled foreign operations
                    and GLHK. In the consolidated statement of financial position of         The assets and liabilities of controlled foreign operations are
                    the Group, equity attributable to the Trust and the CDIs over the        translated into Australian dollars at foreign exchange rates ruling
                    shares of GLHK are presented as non-controlling interests.               at the balance date.
                    As permitted by the relief provided in ASIC Instrument 18-0353,          Revenue and expenses are translated at weighted average rates
                    these financial statements present both the financial statements         for the financial year. Exchange differences arising on translation
                    and accompanying notes of Goodman and GIT. GLHK, which is                are taken directly to the foreign currency translation reserve.
                    incorporated and domiciled in Hong Kong, prepares its financial          On cessation of operations in a foreign region, the cumulative
                    statements under Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards                 exchange differences relating to the operations in that region, that
                    and the applicable requirements of the Hong Kong Companies               have been included in the foreign currency translation reserve, are
                    Ordinance and accordingly the financial statements of GLHK               reclassified to profit or loss.
                    have not been combined and included as adjacent columns in
                    this report. The financial statements of GLHK have been included         Exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part
                    as an appendix to this report.                                           of the net investment in a foreign operation are recognised in the
                                                                                             foreign currency translation reserve on consolidation.
       080                                                           goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Basis of preparation continued
       1. BASIS OF PREPARATION CONTINUED
       (c) Foreign currency translation continued
       Exchange rates used
       The following exchange rates are the main exchange rates used in translating foreign currency transactions, balances and financial




For personal use only
       statements to Australian dollars:
                                                                                         Weighted average                      As at 30 June
       Australian dollar (AUD) to                                                       2018            2017                2018             2017
       New Zealand dollars (NZD)                                                      1.0851           1.0585            1.0922             1.0482
       Hong Kong dollars (HKD)                                                        6.0659           5.8554            5.8015             5.9935
       Chinese yuan (CNY)                                                             5.0429           5.1339            4.8975             5.1939
       Japanese yen (JPY)                                                            85.5326          82.2666           81.9120            86.2610
       Euros (EUR)                                                                    0.6498           0.6920            0.6332             0.6727
       British pounds sterling (GBP)                                                  0.5760           0.5948            0.5604             0.5902
       United States dollars (USD)                                                    0.7752            0.754            0.7394             0.7678
       Brazilian real (BRL)                                                           2.5684           2.4316            2.8565             2.5385

       (d) Changes in accounting policies                                       In addition, the nature of expenses related to those leases will
       There are no significant changes in accounting policies for the          now change as AASB 16 replaces the operating lease expense
       current financial year.                                                  with a depreciation charge for right-of-use asset and interest
                                                                                expense for lease liabilities. However, this will only impact the
       (e) Australian Accounting Standards issued but not                       treatment of office buildings, motor vehicles, etc as expenses
       yet effective                                                            associated with development land leases will be capitalised
       As at the date of this consolidated financial report, the following      to inventories.
       Australian Accounting Standards were available for early adoption
                                                                              (f) Critical accounting estimates used in the preparation
       but have not been applied in preparing these financial statements:
                                                                              of the consolidated financial statements
       + Revised AASB 9 Financial Instruments include requirements            The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires
         for the classification and measurement of financial assets           estimates and assumptions concerning the application of
         and replaces AASB 139 Financial Instruments: Recognition             accounting policies and the future to be made by Goodman.
         and Measurement. Revised AASB 9 Financial Instruments                Estimates are continually evaluated and are based on historical
         will become mandatory for the FY19 financial statements              experience and other factors, including expectations of
         but is not expected to have a material impact for Goodman            future events that are believed to be reasonable under the
         and GIT;                                                             circumstances.
       + AASB 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers provides
         a single revenue recognition model based on the transfer of          The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of
         goods and services and the consideration expected to be              causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets
         received in return for that transfer. The new standard does          and liabilities within the next financial year can be found in the
         not apply to the recognition of rental income from investment        following notes:
         properties and therefore is not expected to have a material          + Note 6 – Property assets;
         impact on GIT’s financial statements. Goodman’s other                + Note 10 – Goodwill and intangible assets; and
         principal revenue streams have been reviewed and based               + Note 14 – Financial risk management.
         on current contractual arrangements, there will be no change
         to the Group’s revenue recognition. There will however, be           The accounting impacts of revisions to estimates are recognised
         additional disclosures in respect of contractual arrangements        in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future
         where Goodman’s management and development                           periods affected.
         performance obligations are satisfied over time; and                 Measurement of fair values
       + AASB 16 Leases introduces a single, on-balance sheet lease
         accounting model for lessees. A lessee recognises a right-           A number of Goodman’s accounting policies and disclosures
         of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset      require the measurement of fair values, for both financial and non-
         and a lease liability representing its obligation to make lease      financial assets and liabilities.
         payments. Lessor accounting remains similar to the current           When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, Goodman
         standard i.e. lessors continue to classify leases as finance or      uses market observable data as far as possible. Fair values are
         operating leases. The new standard will be effective for the         categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy and have
         FY20 financial statements.                                           been defined as follows:
         As a lessee, GIT has no material leases and therefore the
         new standard will not have a material impact. Goodman                + Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for
         leases office buildings, motor vehicles and development land           identical assets or liabilities;
         (classified as inventories) and as at 30 June 2018 the Group’s       + Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within Level
         future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable                    1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
         operating leases were $166.1 million, on an undiscounted               (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and
         basis, of which $114.2 million relates to leases of development      + Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on
         land (inventories). The most significant factor in determining the     observable market data (unobservable inputs).
         impact for FY20 is likely to be acquisitions and disposals of land   Further information about the assumptions made in measuring fair
         leases (inventories), but this is not expected to be material in     values is included in the following notes:
         the context of the Group’s statement of financial position.
                                                                              + Note 6 – Property assets; and
                                                                              + Note 14 – Financial risk management.
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                          081




                    RESULTS FOR THE YEAR                                                   Net gain on disposal of investment properties
                                                                                           The disposal of an investment property is recognised when the
                        The notes in this section focus on the significant items in the    significant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred.
                        income statement, and include the profit per security, analysis
                        of the results by operating segment and taxation details.          Employee expenses
                                                                                           Wages, salaries and annual leave




For personal use only
                    2. PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX                                            Wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, and
                    Gross property income                                                  annual leave that are expected to be settled within 12 months
                    Gross property income comprises rental income entitlements             of the balance date represent present obligations resulting from
                    under operating leases (net of incentives provided) and amounts        employees’ services provided to the balance date. These are
                    billed to customers for outgoings (e.g. rates, levies, cleaning,       calculated at undiscounted amounts based on rates that are
                    security, etc). Amounts billed to customers for outgoings is a cost    expected to be paid as at balance date including related on-
                    recovery for Goodman and is recognised once the expense has            costs, such as workers’ compensation insurance and payroll tax.
                    been incurred. The expense is included in property expenses.           Bonus
                    Rental income entitlements under operating leases are recognised       A liability is recognised in other payables and accruals for bonuses
                    on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease contract. Where    where there is a contractual obligation or where there is a past
                    operating lease rental income is recognised relating to fixed          practice that has created a constructive obligation. Liabilities for
                    increases in rentals in future years, an asset is recognised. This     bonuses that are expected to be settled within 12 months are
                    asset is a component of the relevant investment property carrying      measured at the amounts expected to be paid, including related
                    amount. The cost of lease incentives provided to customers is          on-costs, when they are settled. Liabilities for bonuses, including
                    amortised on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease as a     related on-costs, which are expected to be settled after more
                    reduction of gross property income.                                    than 12 months are discounted to reflect the estimated timing
                                                                                           of payments.
                    Management income
                    Fee income derived from investment management and property             Superannuation
                    services is recognised progressively as the services are provided.     Defined contribution funds
                    Any performance related investment management income is                Obligations for contributions to defined contribution funds are
                    recognised when the services have been performed and the               recognised as an expense as incurred.
                    income can be reliably measured.
                                                                                           Defined benefit plans
                    Development income
                                                                                           The net obligation in respect of defined benefit funds is
                    Development income comprises income from disposal of                   recognised in the statement of financial position and is calculated
                    inventories, fee income from development management services           separately for each plan by estimating the amount of future
                    and income from fixed price construction contracts.                    benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior
                    The disposal of inventories is recognised when the significant risks   periods, discounting that amount and deducting the fair value of
                    and rewards of ownership have been transferred. The gain or loss       any plan assets. The calculation of defined benefit obligations is
                    on disposal of inventories is calculated as the difference between     performed annually by a qualified actuary using the projected unit
                    the carrying amount of the asset at the time of disposal and the       credit method. Remeasurements of the net defined benefit liability,
                    proceeds on disposal (less transaction costs and any provision for     which comprise actuarial gains and losses and the return on plan
                    future rental guarantees) and is included in the income statement      assets (excluding interest), are recognised immediately in other
                    in the period of disposal.                                             comprehensive income. Net interest expense and other expenses
                                                                                           related to defined benefit plans are recognised in profit or loss.
                    Where Goodman contracts to sell a completed development
                    asset either prior to or during the development phase and certain
                    conditions are met, then development profit is recognised in the
                    income statement in proportion to the stage of completion of the
                    development. In these circumstances, the asset will be transferred
                    from inventories to receivables.
                    Fee income from development management services is
                    recognised progressively as the services are provided in
                    proportion to the stage of completion by reference to costs
                    incurred. Any performance related development management
                    income is recognised on attainment of the performance
                    related consideration.
                    Certain development activities on land owned by third parties are
                    assessed as being fixed price construction contracts. Revenue
                    and expenses relating to these construction contracts are
                    recognised in the income statement in proportion to the stage
                    of completion of the relevant contracts.
       082                                                            goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Results for the year continued
       2. PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX CONTINUED
       Profit before income tax has been arrived at after crediting/(charging) the following items:
                                                                                                  Goodman                       GIT
       		2018                                                                                                2017      2018            2017




For personal use only
         Note $M                                                                                              $M        $M              $M
       Gross property income
       Rental income		                                                                 131.0                148.2      66.6            89.2
       Recovery of property outgoings		                                                 19.4                 28.9      15.8            22.7
       Gross property income		                                                         150.4                177.1      82.4           111.9
       Development activities
       Income from disposal of inventories		                                            402.7            318.0         34.1               –
       Net gain on disposal of special purpose development entities		                    25.9             17.7            –               –
       Other development income		                                                       687.2            871.4            –               –
       Development income		                                                           1,115.8          1,207.1         34.1               –
       Inventory cost of sales		                                                       (362.4)          (271.8)       (27.4)              –
       Other development expenses		                                                    (446.5)          (648.1)           –               –
       Development expenses		                                                          (808.9)          (919.9)       (27.4)              –
       Disposal of equity investments
       Net consideration from disposal of associates
       and joint ventures (JVs)		                                                       340.8                 6.5     126.5            10.2
       Carrying value of associates and JVs disposed        6(f)(i), 6(f)(ii)          (300.1)               (6.6)     (87.2)           (9.3)
       Net profit/(loss) on disposal of equity investments		                             40.7                (0.1)      39.3             0.9
       Disposal of controlled entities
       Net consideration received and receivable from
       the disposal of controlled entities		                                                –                 0.4       0.2             0.1
       Net gain on disposal of controlled entities		                                        –                 0.4       0.2             0.1
       Employee expenses
       Wages, salaries and on-costs		                                                  (168.5)          (162.0)            –              –
       Annual and long service leave		                                                    (4.2)             (1.8)          –              –
       Superannuation costs		                                                             (8.0)             (7.9)          –              –
       Restructure costs		                                                                   –            (24.2)           –              –
       Employee expenses		                                                             (180.7)          (195.9)            –              –
       Share based payments
       Equity settled share based payments expense		                                     (82.4)             (62.5)         –              –
       Cash settled share based payments expense		                                       (29.9)             (15.0)         –              –
       Other share based payments related costs		                                        (13.3)               (7.9)        –              –
       Share based payments expense		                                                  (125.6)              (85.4)         –              –
       Amortisation and depreciation
       Amortisation of leasehold improvements		                                          (0.9)               (0.6)         –              –
       Depreciation of plant and equipment		                                             (5.3)               (7.9)         –              –
       Amortisation and depreciation		                                                   (6.2)               (8.5)         –              –
       Impairment losses
       Impairment of inventories                                      6(d)                  –               (75.5)         –              –
       Impairment of equity accounted investments                    6(f)(i)                –               (17.5)         –              –
       Impairment losses		                                                                  –               (93.0)         –              –
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                            083




                    Results for the year continued
                    3. PROFIT PER SECURITY
                    Basic profit per security of the Group is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to the Securityholders by the weighted average
                    number of securities outstanding during the year. Diluted profit per security is determined by adjusting the profit attributable to the
                    Securityholders and weighted average number of securities outstanding for all dilutive potential securities, which comprise performance




For personal use only
                    rights issued under the LTIP and securities contingently issuable on conversion of hybrid securities.
                    		2018                                                                                                                                     2017
                    (a) Goodman		¢                                                                                                                                ¢
                    Profit per security
                    Basic profit per security		                                                                                           61.1                 43.5
                    Diluted profit per security		                                                                                         59.4                 42.6

                    Profit after tax used in calculating basic and diluted profit per security:
                    		2018                                                                                                                                     2017
                    		$M                                                                                                                                        $M
                    Profit per security
                    Profit after tax used in calculating basic profit per security		                                                   1,098.2             778.1
                    Distribution on Goodman PLUS                                      18(c)                                                4.6              18.7
                    Profit after tax used in calculating diluted profit per security		                                                 1,102.8             796.8

                    Weighted average number of securities used in calculating basic and diluted profit per security:
                                                                                                                                          2018           2017
                                                                                                                                           Number of securities
                    Weighted average number of securities used in calculating basic profit per security		 1,798,818,105 1,787,315,792
                    Effect of performance rights on issue		                                                    48,199,884    45,754,728
                    Effect of issue of securities to Goodman PLUS holders		                                    10,155,659    39,334,150
                    Weighted average number of securities used in calculating diluted profit per security		 1,857,173,648 1,872,404,670

                    The calculation of profit per security is not required for GIT.
                    (b) Goodman Limited
                    Under Australian Accounting Standards, the issued units of the Trust and the CDIs over the shares of GLHK are presented as non-
                    controlling interests. As a consequence, the Directors are required to present a profit/(loss) per share and a diluted profit/(loss) per
                    share based on Goodman Limited’s consolidated result after tax but excluding the results attributable to the Trust and GLHK and
                    also the other non-controlling interests (Goodman PLUS).
                    		2018                                                                                                                                     2017
                    		¢                                                                                                                                           ¢
                    Profit/(loss) per Goodman Limited share
                    Basic profit/(loss) per Goodman Limited share		                                                                       10.1                 (3.3)
                    Diluted profit/(loss) per Goodman Limited share		                                                                      9.9                 (3.3)

                    The profit after tax used in calculating the basic and diluted profit/(loss) per Goodman Limited share was $182.5 million and
                    $183.6 million respectively (2017: loss of $58.2 million) and the weighted average number of securities used in calculating basic
                    and diluted profit/(loss) per Goodman Limited share was 1,798,818,105 and 1,857,173,648 respectively (2017: 1,787,315,792).
       084                                                             goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Results for the year continued
       4. SEGMENT REPORTING
       An operating segment is a component of Goodman that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur
       expenses. Goodman reports the results and financial position of its operating segments based on the internal reports regularly reviewed
       by the Group Chief Executive Officer in order to assess each segment’s performance and to allocate resources to them.




For personal use only
       Operating segment information is reported on a geographic basis and Goodman has determined that its operating segments are
       Australia and New Zealand (reported on a combined basis), Asia (Greater China and Japan), Continental Europe (primarily Germany,
       France and Poland), United Kingdom and the Americas (North America and Brazil).
       The United Kingdom is not a material operating segment for GIT.
       The activities and services undertaken by the operating segments include:
       + property investment, including both direct ownership and cornerstone investments in managed partnerships;
       + management activities, both fund and property management; and
       + development activities, including development of directly owned assets (predominantly disclosed as inventories) and management
         of development activities for managed partnerships.
       The segment results that are reported to the Group Chief Executive Officer are based on profit before net finance expense and income
       tax expense, and also exclude non-cash items such as fair value adjustments and impairments, corporate expenses and incentive
       based remuneration. The assets allocated to each operating segment primarily include inventories, investment properties and the
       operating segment’s investments in managed partnerships, but exclude inter-entity funding, income tax receivables and corporate
       assets. The liabilities allocated to each operating segment primarily relate to trade and other payables associated with the operating
       activities, but exclude interest bearing liabilities, derivative financial instruments, provisions for distributions and corporate liabilities.
       The accounting policies used to report segment information are the same as those used to prepare the consolidated financial
       statements of Goodman and GIT.
       There are no intersegment revenues and costs.
       Information regarding the operations of each reportable segment is included on the following pages.
       Information about reportable segments
                                             Australia and 		                     Continental
       Goodman                               New Zealand        Asia                 Europe        United Kingdom    Americas               Total
                                           2018    2017    2018  2017           2018     2017      2018    2017   2018   2017           2018    2017
       Income statement                     $M        $M    $M     $M            $M       $M        $M       $M    $M      $M            $M       $M
       External revenues
       Gross property income              111.4    142.0      2.9      1.3      12.6       9.3      5.0      4.5      18.5    20.0     150.4   177.1
       Management income                  122.8     99.3    134.4    110.7      53.6      44.8      2.5      9.2       3.2     2.3     316.5   266.3
       Development income                  94.5    249.5     79.0     52.0     660.3     816.9    188.5     73.0      93.5    15.7   1,115.8 1,207.1
       Total external revenues            328.7    490.8    216.3    164.0     726.5     871.0    196.0     86.7     115.2    38.0   1,582.7 1,650.5
       Reportable segment
       profit before tax                  474.2    505.3    245.1    229.4     226.2     204.9      14.9    25.7      94.8    35.0   1,055.2 1,000.3
       Share of net results
       of equity accounted
       investments                        285.3    326.1    246.9    174.6     133.5      56.0      12.5    (17.3)   232.7    48.3     910.9     587.7
       Material non-cash items
       not included in reportable
       segment profit before tax
       Net gain from fair
       value adjustments on
       investment properties               71.1    180.9         –        –         –        –       –        –          –      –        71.1    180.9
       Reversals of impairments/
       (impairment losses)                     –        –        –        –         –      0.2       –      (93.2)       –      –           –     (93.0)

                                           2018     2017     2018     2017      2018     2017      2018     2017     2018     2017      2018      2017
       Statement of financial position      $M       $M       $M       $M        $M       $M        $M       $M       $M       $M        $M        $M
       Reportable segment assets        4,848.0 4,827.0 2,208.1 1,859.2 2,012.1 1,822.0           736.3 1,042.1 1,342.4 1,047.9 11,146.9 10,598.2
       Non-current assets               4,527.9 4,718.5 1,979.9 1,665.4 1,621.5 1,350.0           440.6    442.9 1,124.4     713.1   9,694.3 8,889.9
       Included in reportable
       segment assets are:
       Investment properties            1,744.1 1,958.8          –        –         –     22.5      30.5     28.9        –      –    1,774.6 2,010.2
       Investments accounted
       for using the equity method      2,736.8 2,670.6 1,816.2 1,471.3        798.3     615.4    118.6    265.4 1,115.6     703.6   6,585.5 5,726.3
       Reportable segment liabilities 201.5        223.8    100.4     87.5      90.7      68.1      80.1     94.3     73.7    45.1     546.4     518.8
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                     085




                    Results for the year continued
                    4. SEGMENT REPORTING CONTINUED
                                                                             Australia and 		                       Continental
                    GIT                                                      New Zealand         Asia                 Europe         Americas          Total
                                                                             2018     2017  2018     2017          2018    2017    2018   2017     2018    2017




For personal use only
                    Income statement                                          $M       $M    $M       $M            $M      $M      $M      $M      $M       $M
                    External revenues
                    Gross property income                                    80.9       109.7       –         –        –       –       –       –    80.9   109.7
                    Distributions from investments                               –          –       –         –      7.4       –       –       –     7.4       –
                    Other income                                              (0.1)         –       –         –      0.5     0.5       –       –     0.4     0.5
                    Total external revenues                                  80.8       109.7       –         –      7.9     0.5       –       –    88.7   110.2
                    Reportable segment profit before tax                    249.1       401.6    29.6       29.1    68.6    27.5    24.9    13.8   372.2   472.0
                    Share of net results of equity accounted investments    242.5       284.2   150.4       49.3   116.6    50.0   224.2    46.6   733.7   430.1
                    Material non-cash items
                    not included in reportable
                    segment profit before tax
                    Net gain from fair value adjustments
                    on investment properties                                 56.0       159.3       –         –       –       –       –        –    56.0   159.3

                                                                             2018        2017    2018      2017    2018    2017    2018    2017    2018    2017
                    Statement of financial position                           $M          $M      $M        $M      $M      $M      $M      $M      $M      $M
                    Reportable segment assets                              3,803.1 3,634.3      900.8      748.1   703.4   550.1 1,075.7   678.3 6,483.0 5,610.8
                    Non-current assets                                     3,629.4 3,619.4      900.8      748.1   698.5   550.0 1,075.6   678.2 6,304.3 5,595.7
                    Included in reportable segment assets are:               									
                    Investment properties                             1,222.4 1,263.5     –     –     –     –       –     – 1,222.4 1,263.5
                    Investments accounted for using the equity method 2,369.5 2,318.2 900.8 748.0 676.0 526.3 1,075.6 678.3 5,021.9 4,270.8
                    Reportable segment liabilities                          142.6       167.3       –         –      3.4     0.1    43.7    13.5   189.7   180.9
       086                                                                      goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Results for the year continued
       4. SEGMENT REPORTING CONTINUED
       Reconciliation of reportable segment revenues, profit or loss, assets and liabilities
                                                                                                              Goodman                                       GIT
       		2018                                                                                                              2017                 2018                 2017




For personal use only
         Note $M                                                                                                            $M                   $M                   $M
       Revenues
       Total revenue for reportable segments		                                 1,582.7     1,650.5         88.7      110.2
       Total revenue for other segments1		                                             –           –       35.6          2.2
       Consolidated revenues		                                                 1,582.7     1,650.5       124.3       112.4
       Profit or loss
       Total profit before tax for reportable segments2
       Property investment earnings		                                            384.8       396.7
       Management earnings		                                                     316.5       266.6
       Development earnings		                                                    490.6       482.9
       Operating expenses allocated to reportable segments		                    (136.7)     (145.9)
       Reportable segment profit before tax		                                  1,055.2     1,000.3       372.2       472.0
       Profit before tax for other segments		                                          –           –         8.0         3.8
       Corporate expenses not allocated to reportable segments		                (112.7)     (102.3)       (46.0)      (49.1)
       		                                                                        942.5       898.0       334.2       426.7
       Valuation and other items not included in reportable
       segment profit before tax:
       – Profit on disposal of investment properties		                                 –       49.0            –           –
       – Net gain from fair value adjustments on
          investment properties                                       6(e)         71.1      180.9         56.0      159.3
       – Share of fair value adjustments attributable
          to investment properties in associates and JVs
          after tax                                         6(f)(i), 6(f)(ii)    602.7       265.8       508.3       249.4
       – Impairment losses                                                2            –      (93.0)           –           –
       – Share of fair value adjustments on derivative
          financial instruments in associates and JVs       6(f)(i), 6(f)(ii)     (34.3)      (50.6)      (32.6)      (49.5)
       – Straight lining of rental income		                                          0.8        (0.3)        0.7        (0.4)
       – Restructure costs                                                2            –      (24.2)           –           –
       – Share based payments expense                                     2     (125.6)       (85.4)           –           –
       – Net capital losses not distributed and
           tax deferred adjustments		                                               (4.7)       (9.6)       (3.5)        7.0
       Profit before interest and tax		                                        1,452.5     1,130.6       863.1       792.5
       Net finance expense                                              11      (267.3)     (279.4)     (118.4)     (181.9)
       Consolidated profit before income tax		                                 1,185.2       851.2       744.7       610.6
       Assets
       Assets for reportable segments		                                       11,146.9    10,598.2     6,483.0     5,610.8
       Cash		                                                                  2,102.3     1,877.8     2,102.3     1,877.6
       Other unallocated amounts3		                                              210.2       235.2     3,223.3     3,198.8
       Consolidated total assets		                                            13,459.4    12,711.2    11,808.6    10,687.2
       Liabilities
       Liabilities for reportable segments		                                     546.4       518.8       189.7       180.9
       Interest bearing liabilities		                                          3,081.5     2,878.3     2,964.9     2,576.3
       Provisions for dividends/distributions		                                  256.6       236.2       166.6       236.2
       Other unallocated amounts3		                                              401.2       455.7     1,010.7       322.0
       Consolidated total liabilities		                                        4,285.7     4,089.0     4,331.9     3,315.4
     1. The revenue for other segments for GIT in FY18 related to the disposal of the final directly held property in the United Kingdom. It was determined to sell this
        property as part of the decision to exit from business parks in FY16.
     2. The allocation of GIT’s segment results to property investment, management and development is not reported to the Group Chief Executive Officer.
     3. Other unallocated amounts in Goodman and GIT included other financial assets and liabilities, deferred tax assets, tax payables and provisions which did not
        relate to the reportable segments. Additionally, other unallocated assets and liabilities in GIT included loans due from/to controlled entities of Goodman.
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                087




                    Results for the year continued
                    5. TAXATION
                    Income tax is recognised in the income statement except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which
                    case it is recognised in equity.
                    Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the financial year and any adjustment to tax payable in respect




For personal use only
                    of previous financial years.
                    Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
                    reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. The following temporary differences are not accounted for:
                    + goodwill;
                    + the initial recognition of assets or liabilities that affect neither accounting nor taxable profit; and
                    + differences relating to investments in controlled entities to the extent that they will probably not reverse in the foreseeable future.
                    The amount of deferred tax provided is based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount of assets and
                    liabilities. Deferred tax assets or liabilities in respect of investment properties held at fair value are calculated on the presumption that
                    the carrying amount of the investment property will be recovered through sale. A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent that
                    it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the asset can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are reduced to the
                    extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised.
                    Additional income taxes that arise from dividends/distributions are recognised at the same time as the liability to pay the related
                    dividends/distributions.
                    (a) Goodman
                                                                                                                                                 Goodman
                                                                                                                                           2018		        2017
                                                                                                                                            $M		          $M
                    Current tax expense recognised in the income statement
                    Current year                                                                                                           (48.8)               (54.1)
                    Adjustment for current tax in prior periods                                                                              1.7                  5.3
                    Current tax expense                                                                                                    (47.1)               (48.8)
                    Deferred tax expense recognised in the income statement
                    Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                      (35.3)                 (5.6)
                    Deferred tax expense                                                                                                   (35.3)                (5.6)
                    Total income tax expense                                                                                               (82.4)               (54.4)

                    Reconciliation of income tax expense to profit before income tax
                                                                                                                                           2018		                2017
                                                                                                                                            $M		                  $M
                    Profit before income tax                                                                                            1,185.2              851.2
                    Prima facie income tax expense calculated at 30% (2017: 30%) on the profit before income tax                         (355.6)            (255.4)
                    Decrease/(increase) in income tax due to:
                    – Profit attributable to GIT Unitholders                                                                              223.4                 183.7
                    – Current year losses for which no deferred tax asset was recognised                                                     (9.4)               (26.0)
                    – Non–deductible impairment losses and fair value movements                                                               4.1                  (5.5)
                    – Other non-assessable/(deductible) items, net                                                                          40.9                  27.4
                    – Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                                                     29.7                  13.1
                    – Difference in overseas tax rates                                                                                      14.0                  11.0
                    – Adjustment for current tax in prior periods                                                                             1.7                   5.3
                    – Withholding tax on distributions from partnerships                                                                   (34.2)                  (7.3)
                    – Other items                                                                                                             3.0                  (0.7)
                    Income tax expense                                                                                                    (82.4)                (54.4)
       088                                                               goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Results for the year continued
       5. TAXATION CONTINUED
       (a) Goodman continued
       Current tax receivable/payable
                                                                                                                            2018		              2017




For personal use only
                                                                                                                             $M		                $M
       Net income tax payable
       Net income tax payable at the beginning of the year                                                                 (61.5)              (61.2)
       Decrease/(increase) in current tax payable due to:
       – Net income taxes paid                                                                                              59.6                46.3
       – Current tax expense                                                                                               (47.1)              (48.8)
       – Other                                                                                                               (1.1)               2.2
       Net income tax payable at the end of the year                                                                       (50.1)              (61.5)
       Current tax receivables (refer to note 7)                                                                              9.1                2.0
       Current tax payables                                                                                                (59.2)              (63.5)
                                                                                                                           (50.1)              (61.5)

       Deferred tax assets and liabilities
       Deferred tax assets/(liabilities) are attributable to the following:
                                                                                          Deferred tax assets               Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                         2018            2017               2018               2017
                                                                                          $M               $M                $M                   $M
       Investment properties                                                                –                –             (69.6)               (95.6)
       Receivables                                                                          –              0.4               (8.1)                (6.9)
       Tax losses                                                                         0.5             47.6                  –                    –
       Payables                                                                             –             11.1                  –                    –
       Provisions                                                                         5.5              7.7                  –                    –
       Tax assets/(liabilities)                                                           6.0             66.8             (77.7)             (102.5)
       Set off of tax                                                                       –            (56.6)                 –                56.6
       Net tax assets/(liabilities)                                                       6.0             10.2             (77.7)              (45.9)

       Deferred tax assets of $294.4 million (2017: $308.9 million) in relation to tax losses and payables have not been recognised
       by Goodman.
       (b) GIT
       Under current Australian income tax legislation, the Trust is not liable for income tax, including capital gains tax, provided that
       Securityholders are presently entitled to the distributable income of the Trust as calculated for trust law purposes. The controlled
       entities of the Trust that operate in certain foreign jurisdictions are liable to pay tax in those jurisdictions.
       The income tax (expense)/benefit recorded by GIT relates to withholding taxes on actual distributions and deferred taxes on potential
       future distributions from managed partnerships. At 30 June 2018, deferred tax liabilities of $43.2 million (2017: $11.8 million) have been
       recognised in relation to potential future distributions from managed partnerships.
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                        089




                    OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES                                        Classification of investment properties
                                                                                            Investment properties are classified as either properties under
                        The notes in this section focus on Goodman’s property assets,       development or stabilised properties. Investment properties under
                        working capital and goodwill and intangible assets.                 development include land, new investment properties in the
                                                                                            course of construction and investment properties that are being
                    6. PROPERTY ASSETS                                                      redeveloped. Stabilised investment properties are all investment




For personal use only
                    (a) Principles and policies                                             properties not classed as being under development and would
                                                                                            be completed properties that are leased or are available for lease
                    Investment in property assets includes both inventories and
                                                                                            to customers.
                    investment properties (including those under development), which
                    may be held either directly or through investments in managed           For investment properties under development, the carrying values
                    partnerships (both associates and JVs).                                 are reviewed by management at each reporting date to consider
                                                                                            whether they reflect the fair value and at completion external
                    Inventories
                                                                                            valuations are obtained to determine the fair values.
                    Inventories relate to land and property developments that are
                    held for sale or development and sale in the normal course of           For stabilised investment properties, independent valuations are
                    business. Where property developments are forecast to be                obtained at least every three years to determine the fair values.
                    completed and sold more than 12 months after the balance date,          At each reporting date between obtaining independent valuations,
                    then the inventories are classified as non-current.                     the carrying values are reviewed by management to ensure they
                                                                                            reflect the fair values.
                    Work in progress in relation to land subdivision and development
                    projects includes the costs of acquisition, planning, management        Deposits for investment properties
                    and development and holding costs such as interest and taxes.           Deposits and other costs associated with acquiring investment
                                                                                            properties that are incurred prior to obtaining legal title are
                    Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net realisable value.
                                                                                            recorded at cost and disclosed as other assets in the statement
                    Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the normal
                                                                                            of financial position.
                    course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and
                    selling expenses. The calculation of net realisable value requires
                    estimates and assumptions which are continually evaluated
                    and are based on historical experience and expectations
                    of future events that are believed to be reasonable under
                    the circumstances.
                    Investment properties
                    Investment properties comprise investment interests in land and
                    buildings held for the purpose of leasing to produce rental income
                    and/or for capital appreciation. Investment properties are carried
                    at fair value. The calculation of fair value requires estimates and
                    assumptions which are continually evaluated and are based on
                    historical experience and expectations of future events that are
                    believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Investment
                    properties are not depreciated as they are subject to continual
                    maintenance and regularly revalued on the basis described below.
                    Changes in the fair value of investment properties are recognised
                    directly in the income statement.
                    Components of investment properties
                    Land and buildings (including integral plant and equipment)
                    comprising investment properties are regarded as composite
                    assets and are disclosed as such in the consolidated
                    financial report.
                    Investment property carrying values include the costs of acquiring
                    the assets and subsequent costs of development, including
                    costs of all labour and materials used in construction, costs
                    of managing the projects, holding costs and borrowing costs
                    incurred during the development periods.
                    Amounts provided to customers as lease incentives and
                    assets relating to fixed rental income increases in operating
                    lease contracts are included within investment property values.
                    Lease incentives are amortised over the term of the lease on a
                    straight-line basis. Direct expenditure associated with leasing a
                    property is also capitalised within investment property values and
                    amortised over the term of the lease.
       090                                                            goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Operating assets and liabilities continued
       6. PROPERTY ASSETS CONTINUED
       (b) Summary of investment in property assets
                                                                                                Goodman                                  GIT
       		2018                                                                                               2017               2018                2017




For personal use only
         Note $M                                                                                             $M                 $M                  $M
       Inventories
       Current                                            6(d)      520.5   709.7       –    23.1
       Non-current                                        6(d)      437.5   525.8    37.5    37.0
       		                                                           958.0 1,235.5    37.5    60.1
       Investment properties – non-current
       Stabilised investment properties		                         1,624.3 1,833.8 1,211.6 1,246.0
       Investment properties under development		                    150.3   176.4    10.8    17.5
                                                          6(e)    1,774.6 2,010.2 1,222.4 1,263.5
       Investments accounted for using the equity method
       Current
       Associate – held for sale                         6(f)(i)        –   203.6       –       –
       		                                                               –   203.6       –       –
       Non-current
       Associates                                        6(f)(i)  4,162.4 3,703.4 3,569.8 3,159.0
       JVs                                               6(f)(ii) 2,423.1 1,819.3 1,452.1 1,111.8
       		                                                         6,585.5 5,522.7 5,021.9 4,270.8
       Total property assets		                                    9,318.1 8,972.0 6,281.8 5,594.4

       (c) Estimates and assumptions in determining property carrying values
       Inventories
       For both inventories held directly and inventories held in managed partnerships, external valuations are not performed but instead
       valuations are determined using the feasibility studies supporting the land and property developments. The end values of the
       developments in the feasibility studies are based on assumptions such as capitalisation rates, letting up periods and incentives that
       are consistent with those observed in the relevant market. Where the feasibility study calculations indicate that the forecast cost of
       a completed development will exceed the net realisable value, then the inventories are impaired.
       Investment properties
       Stabilised investment properties
       The fair value of stabilised investment properties is based on current prices in an active market for similar properties in the same
       location and condition and subject to similar lease and other contracts. The current price is the estimated amount for which a property
       could be exchanged between a willing buyer and a willing seller in an arm’s length transaction after proper marketing wherein the
       parties had each acted knowledgably, prudently and without compulsion.
       Approach to determination of fair value
       The approach to determination of fair value of investment properties is applied to both investment properties held directly and
       investment properties held in managed partnerships.
       Valuations are determined based on assessments and estimates of uncertain future events, including upturns and downturns in
       property markets and availability of similar properties, vacancy rates, market rents and capitalisation and discount rates. Recent
       and relevant sales evidence and other market data are taken into account. Valuations are either based on an external, independent
       valuation or on an internal valuation.
       External valuations are undertaken only where market segments were observed to be active. In making the determination of whether
       a market segment is active, the following characteristics are considered:
       + function of the asset (distribution/warehouse or suburban office);
       + location of asset (city, suburb or regional area);
       + carrying value of the asset (categorised by likely appeal to private (including syndicates), national and institutional investors); and
       + categorisation as primary or secondary based on a combination of location, weighted average lease expiry, quality of tenant
         covenant (internal assessment based on available market evidence) and age of construction.
       Each property asset is assessed and grouped with assets in the same or similar market segments. Information on all relevant recent
       sales is also analysed using the same criteria to provide a comparative set. Unless three or more sales are observed in an individual
       market segment (taken together with any comparable market segments as necessary), that market segment is considered inactive.
       Where a market segment is observed to be active, then external, independent valuations are performed for stabilised investment
       properties where there has been more than a 25 basis point movement in capitalisation rates and/or there has been a material change
       in tenancy profile and/or there has been significant capital expenditure, and/or there has been a change in use (or zoning) of the asset
       and/or it has been three years since the previous external, independent valuation. For all other stabilised investment properties in an
       active market segment, an internal valuation is performed based on observable capitalisation rates and referenced to independent
       market data.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                       091




                    Operating assets and liabilities continued
                    6. PROPERTY ASSETS CONTINUED
                    (c) Estimates and assumptions in determining property carrying values continued
                    Where a market segment is observed to be inactive, then no external, independent valuations are performed and internal valuations
                    are undertaken based on discounted cash flow (DCF) calculations. The DCF calculations are prepared over a 10 year period. The key




For personal use only
                    inputs considered for each individual calculation are rental growth rates, discount rates, market rental rates and letting up incentives.
                    Discount rates are computed using the 10 year bond rate or equivalent in each jurisdiction plus increments to reflect country risk,
                    tenant credit risk and industry risk. Where possible, the components of the discount rate are benchmarked to available market data.
                    Market assessment
                    At 30 June 2018, all markets in which Goodman operated were observed to be active and no adjustments were made to the
                    carrying value of stabilised investment properties arising from internal valuations using DCF calculations. The overall weighted average
                    capitalisation rates for the divisional portfolios (including managed partnerships) are as set out in the table below:
                                        Total portfolio weighted
                                      average capitalisation rate
                                Goodman                                                                                                                              GIT
                    		2018               2017              2018                                                                                                                 2017
                    Division		%            %                  %                                                                                                                   %
                    Australia and New Zealand1		
                                               5.9 6.1 5.8                                                                                                                       6.1
                    Asia		                     5.0 5.4 4.6                                                                                                                       5.2
                    Continental Europe		       5.4 6.0 5.5                                                                                                                       6.1
                    United Kingdom		           5.4 6.3   –                                                                                                                         –
                    Americas		                 4.2 4.3 4.2                                                                                                                       4.3
                  1. For Australia and New Zealand, the weighted average capitalisation rate excluded assets rezoned for residential mixed use that were valued on a rate per
                     residential unit site basis.

                    During the current financial year, the fair values of 69% (2017: 100%) of stabilised investment properties held directly by Goodman
                    and GIT (by reference to carrying value) were determined based on a valuation by an independent valuer who held a recognised and
                    relevant professional qualification and had recent experience in the location and category of the investment property being valued.
                    For investments in managed partnerships, typically 100% of the stabilised investment property portfolios are valued by an independent
                    valuer in each financial year.
                    Investment properties under development
                    External valuations are generally not performed for investment properties under development, but instead valuations are determined
                    using the feasibility studies supporting the developments. The end values of the developments in the feasibility studies are based on
                    assumptions such as capitalisation rates, letting up periods and incentives that are consistent with those observed in the relevant
                    market adjusted for a profit and risk factor. This profit and risk factor is dependent on the function, location, size and current status
                    of the development and is generally in a market range of 10% to 15%. This adjusted end value is then compared to the forecast cost
                    of a completed development to determine whether there is an increase or decrease in value.
                    This practice of determining fair value by reference to the development feasibility is generally also applied for investments in managed
                    partnerships. However, certain partnerships do obtain independent valuations for investment properties under development each
                    financial year.
       092                                                            goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Operating assets and liabilities continued
       6. PROPERTY ASSETS CONTINUED
       (d) Inventories
                                                                                                Goodman                                 GIT
       		2018                                                                                               2017              2018            2017




For personal use only
       		$M                                                                                                  $M                $M              $M
       Current
       Land and development properties		 520.5 709.7    – 23.1
       		                                520.5 709.7    – 23.1
       Non-current
       Land and development properties		 437.5 525.8 37.5 37.0
       		                                437.5 525.8 37.5 37.0

       Goodman
       During the financial year, impairments of $nil (2017: $75.5 million) were recognised to write down land and development properties to
       net realisable value.
       During the financial year, borrowing costs of $67.8 million (2017: $37.1 million) previously capitalised into the carrying value of
       inventories were expensed to the income statement on disposal of the inventories.
       (e) Investment properties
       Reconciliation of carrying amount of directly held investment properties
                                                                                                Goodman                                 GIT
       		2018                                                                                               2017              2018            2017
       		$M                                                                                                  $M                $M              $M
       Carrying amount at the beginning of the year		      2,010.2   2,720.7   1,263.5   2,079.5
       Acquisitions		                                          53.2         –         –          –
       Capital expenditure		                                   76.7     96.7      12.8         7.8
       Disposals:
       – Carrying value of properties disposed		            (415.0)   (985.0)   (109.6)   (956.7)
       – On disposal of interests in controlled entities		        –         –         –     (24.9)
       Transfers to inventories		                             (23.5)     (1.1)        –          –
       Net gain from fair value adjustments		                  71.1    180.9      56.0     159.3
       Effect of foreign currency translation		                 1.9      (2.0)     (0.3)      (1.5)
       Carrying amount at the end of the year		            1,774.6   2,010.2   1,222.4   1,263.5
       Analysed by segment:
       Australia and New Zealand		                         1,744.1   1,958.8   1,222.4   1,263.5
       Continental Europe		                                       –     22.5          –          –
       United Kingdom		                                        30.5     28.9          –          –
       		                                                  1,774.6   2,010.2   1,222.4   1,263.5

       Goodman
       During the financial year, borrowing costs of $40.4 million (2017: $38.5 million) previously capitalised into the carrying value of
       investment properties were expensed to the income statement on disposal of the investment properties.
       Other information regarding directly held investment properties
       The fair value measurement approach for directly held investment properties has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value based on the
       inputs to the valuation method used (see notes 1(f) and 6(c)). The majority of directly held investment properties are in Australia and
       the valuation technique used in measuring the fair value, as well as the values assumed for the significant unobservable inputs, are
       summarised in the table below:
       Valuation technique                 Significant unobservable inputs                                                  2018              2017
       Income capitalisation               Range of net market rents (per square metre per annum)                    $40 to $276       $40 to $276
                                           Capitalisation rate (weighted average)                                           5.8%              6.1%
       The estimated fair value would increase if net market rents were higher and/or if capitalisation rates were lower. The estimated fair value
       would decrease if the net market rents were lower and/or if the capitalisation rates were higher.
       In the prior year, there were assets in Sydney, NSW that had been rezoned for residential mixed use. The valuations of these were
       determined by reference to comparable sales data, as summarised in the table below:
       Valuation technique Significant unobservable input                               2018        2017
       Direct comparison   Sales price for comparable residential sites (rate per unit)   n/a $200,000 to
       			$250,000
       The weighted average lease expiries of Goodman’s and GIT’s directly held investment properties in Australia are 3.9 and 2.9 years
       respectively.
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                          093




                    Operating assets and liabilities continued
                    6. PROPERTY ASSETS CONTINUED
                    (e) Investment properties continued
                    Non-cancellable operating lease commitments receivable from investment property customers
                    The analysis in the table below reflects the gross property income, excluding recoverable outgoings, based on existing lease




For personal use only
                    agreements. It assumes that leases will not extend beyond the next review date, where the customer has an option to end the lease.
                                                                                                            Goodman                                GIT
                    		2018                                                                                             2017              2018              2017
                    		$M                                                                                                $M                $M                $M
                    Non-cancellable operating lease commitments receivable:
                    – Within one year		                                      84.1 105.8  55.5  60.4
                    – One year or later and no later than five years		      188.5 267.3 110.8 121.7
                    – Later than five years		                               146.9 284.3  23.2  23.9
                    		                                                      419.5 657.4 189.5 206.0

                    (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method
                    Investments accounted for using the equity method comprise associates and JVs, which are collectively referred to as managed
                    partnerships.
                    Associates
                    An associate is an entity in which Goodman exercises significant influence but not control over its financial and operating policies. In the
                    consolidated financial statements, investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method. Investments in associates are
                    carried at the lower of the equity accounted amount and recoverable amount. Under this method, Goodman’s share of post-acquisition
                    gains or losses of associates is recognised in the consolidated income statement and its share of post-acquisition movements in
                    reserves is recognised in consolidated reserves. Cumulative post-acquisition movements in both profit or loss and reserves are
                    adjusted against the cost of the investment.
                    JVs
                    A JV is an arrangement in which Goodman has joint control, whereby Goodman has rights to the net assets of the arrangement,
                    rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities. In the consolidated financial statements, investments in JVs are
                    accounted for using the equity method. Investments in JVs are carried at the lower of the equity accounted amount and recoverable
                    amount. Goodman’s share of the JVs’ net profit or loss is recognised in the consolidated income statement from the date joint control
                    commences to the date joint control ceases. Movements in reserves are recognised directly in consolidated reserves.
                    Transactions eliminated on consolidation
                    Unrealised gains resulting from transactions with associates and JVs, including those relating to contributions of non-monetary assets
                    on establishment, are eliminated to the extent of Goodman’s interest. Unrealised gains relating to associates and JVs are eliminated
                    against the carrying amount of the investment. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains unless they
                    evidence an impairment of an asset.
                    (i) Investments in associates
                    Investments in associates are summarised below:
                                                                                                            Goodman                                GIT
                    		2018                                                                                             2017              2018              2017
                    		$M                                                                                                $M                $M                $M
                    Associates
                    Current assets – held for sale		       –   203.6       –       –
                    Non-current assets		             4,162.4 3,703.4 3,569.8 3,159.0
                    		                               4,162.4 3,907.0 3,569.8 3,159.0

                    During the financial year, Goodman disposed of its entire interest in the Arlington Business Parks Partnership.
       094                                                                  goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Operating assets and liabilities continued
       6. PROPERTY ASSETS CONTINUED
       (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method continued
       (i) Investments in associates continued
       Investments in associates are set out below:




For personal use only
                                                                       Goodman                                                       GIT
                                                       Share of         Ownership          Investment           Share of         Ownership              Investment
                                                     net results          interest    carrying amount         net results          interest        carrying amount
                               Country of         2018     2017      2018    2017       2018     2017      2018      2017     2018    2017           2018     2017
       Name of associate       establishment       $M       $M         %        %         $M      $M        $M        $M        %        %             $M      $M

       Property investment
       Goodman Australia
       Industrial Partnership
       (GAIP)                 Australia          128.5    135.9     27.9      27.5 1,319.7 1,256.7        128.5    135.9      27.9         27.5 1,319.7 1,256.6
       Goodman Australia
       Partnership (GAP)       Australia          76.2    100.4     19.9      19.9    673.4     628.1      76.2    100.4      19.9         19.9    673.4      628.1
       Goodman Property
       Trust (GMT)1            New Zealand        37.6     40.2     21.2      21.0    354.9     342.8          –          –      –            –         –          –
       Goodman Hong Kong
       Logistics Partnership Cayman
       (GHKLP)               Islands             150.3     49.3     20.0      20.0    900.8     748.1     150.3     49.3      20.0         20.0    900.8      748.1
       Goodman Japan Core
       Partnership (GJCP)2 Japan                  22.2     27.7     17.3      16.8    237.7     201.5          –          –      –            –         –          –
       Goodman European
       Partnership (GEP)       Luxembourg        116.6     50.0     20.4      20.4    675.9     526.2     116.6     50.0      20.4         20.4    675.9      526.2
       Arlington Business
       Parks Partnership       United
       (ABPP)                  Kingdom               –    (22.5)        –     43.1          –   203.6          –          –      –            –         –          –
                                                531.4     381.0                      4,162.4 3,907.0      471.6    335.6                          3,569.8 3,159.0
     1. GMT is listed on the New Zealand Stock Exchange (NZX). The market value of Goodman’s investment in GMT at 30 June 2018 using the quoted price on the
        last day of trading was $350.8 million (2017: $315.1 million).
     2. Goodman’s ownership interest in GJCP reflected the weighted average ownership interest in the various property investment vehicles.

       The reconciliation of the carrying amount of investments in associates is set out as follows:
                                                                                                        Goodman                                      GIT
       		2018                                                                                                      2017                2018                    2017
       Movement in carrying amount of investments in associates		$M                                                 $M                  $M                      $M
       Carrying amount at the beginning of the year		                        3,907.0   3,733.0    3,159.0                                                   2,947.4
       Share of net results after tax (before fair value adjustments)		        236.1     249.6      204.5                                                     193.4
       Share of fair value adjustments attributable
       to investment properties after tax		                                    329.6     182.3      299.7                                                     192.0
       Share of fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments		    (34.3)    (50.9)     (32.6)                                                    (49.8)
       Share of net results		                                                  531.4     381.0      471.6                                                     335.6
       Share of movements in reserves		                                           2.4        0.6       2.4                                                       0.6
       Impairment		                                                                 –     (17.5)         –                                                         –
       Acquisitions		                                                          122.5       79.8       97.2                                                      51.5
       Disposals		                                                            (212.9)       (3.2)        –                                                         –
       Distributions received and receivable		                                (256.8)   (203.7)    (226.5)                                                   (150.4)
       Effect of foreign currency translation		                                  68.8     (63.0)      66.1                                                     (25.7)
       Carrying amount at the end of the year		                              4,162.4   3,907.0    3,569.8                                                   3,159.0
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                           095




                    Operating assets and liabilities continued
                    6. PROPERTY ASSETS CONTINUED
                    (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method continued
                    (i) Investments in associates continued
                    The table below includes further information regarding associates held at the end of the financial year:




For personal use only
                                                                        GAIP                 GAP                  GMT               GHKLP                GJCP2                  GEP
                                                                   2018   2017          2018   2017          2018   2017         2018  2017          2018   2017         2018     2017
                                                                    $M      $M           $M      $M           $M      $M          $M    $M            $M     $M           $M        $M
                    Summarised statement
                    of financial position
                    Total current assets                          231.8 630.8     270.2 226.0      36.0    27.0    74.5 227.8 103.9 102.9 1,081.6 191.9
                    Total non-current assets                    6,561.8 5,991.6 3,437.7 3,326.7 2,343.5 2,430.5 5,922.2 4,504.8 2,215.4 1,926.3 4,605.0 4,271.2
                    Total current liabilities                     285.8 326.6      41.6 124.8      32.8    68.0    95.1    81.6    25.2    15.5 262.8 170.0
                    Total non-current liabilities               1,887.1 1,789.4   281.1 273.3 703.5 787.0 1,404.6 917.0 917.4 822.6 2,105.4 1,709.6
                    Net assets (100%)                           4,620.7 4,506.4 3,385.2 3,154.6 1,643.2 1,602.5 4,497.0 3,734.0 1,376.7 1,191.1 3,318.4 2,583.5
                    Summarised statement
                    of comprehensive income
                    Revenue                                       414.9     402.5      257.7     264.4     140.5     137.1      233.0     245.8     163.3    331.5      284.9     242.8
                    Profit after tax and revaluations             461.9     493.6      382.5     504.5 178.0         192.6      751.5     246.4     120.1    146.1      574.7     247.8
                    Other comprehensive (loss)/income                 –       (0.2)      2.8       (6.3)   –             –       14.1         –         –        –          –         –
                    Total comprehensive
                    income (100%)                                 461.9     493.4      385.3     498.2     178.0     192.6      765.6     246.4     120.1    146.1      574.7     247.8
                    Goodman
                    Consolidated ownership interest          27.9% 27.5%              19.9% 19.9% 21.2% 21.0% 20.0% 20.0% 17.3% 16.8% 20.4% 20.4%
                    Consolidated share of net assets       1,289.5 1,240.5             674.0 628.1 348.3 336.5 899.4 746.8 237.9 200.1 675.9 526.2
                    Other items, including capitalised costs    0.8      –               (1.4)   –   6.6   6.3   1.4   1.3   (0.2) 1.4     –     –
                    Distributions receivable1                  29.4   16.2                0.8    –     –     –     –     –      –    –     –     –
                    Carrying amount of investment               1,319.7 1,256.7        673.4     628.1     354.9     342.8      900.8     748.1     237.7    201.5      675.9     526.2
                    Distributions received
                    and receivable                                123.0      65.7       32.5       22.1      16.7      16.8      30.7      29.9      13.6      36.5      40.3      32.7
                    GIT
                    Consolidated ownership interest          27.9% 27.5%              19.9% 19.9%                –         – 20.0% 20.0%                 –         – 20.4% 20.4%
                    Consolidated share of net assets       1,289.5 1,240.4             674.0 628.1               –         – 899.4 746.8                 –         – 675.9 526.2
                    Other items, including capitalised costs    0.8      –               (1.4)   –               –         –    1.4   1.3                –         –     –     –
                    Distributions receivable1                  29.4   16.2                0.8    –               –         –      –     –                –         –     –     –
                    Carrying amount of investment               1,319.7 1,256.6        673.4     628.1           –         –    900.8     748.1          –         –    675.9     526.2
                    Distributions received
                    and receivable                                123.0      65.7       32.5       22.1          –         –     30.7      29.9          –         –     40.3      32.7
                  1. Distributions receivable related to distributions provided for but not paid by the associates at 30 June 2018. This was applicable to trusts in Australia where
                     unitholders were presently entitled to income at the end of the financial year.
                  2. The consolidated ownership interest in GJCP reflected the weighted average ownership interest in the various property investment vehicles.
       096                                                                    goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Operating assets and liabilities continued
       6. PROPERTY ASSETS CONTINUED
       (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method continued
       (ii) Investments in JVs
       A summary of the results and ownership interest of principal JVs is set out below:




For personal use only
                                                                         Goodman                                                           GIT
                                                          Share of         Ownership          Investment             Share of          Ownership              Investment
                                                        net results          interest    carrying amount           net results           interest        carrying amount
                                Country of
                                establishment/      2018      2017     2018      2017      2018     2017       2018      2017      2018          2017      2018       2017
       Name of JV               incorporation        $M        $M        %         %        $M       $M         $M        $M         %             %        $M         $M
       Property investment
       KWASA Goodman
       Industrial Partnership
       (KGIP)                 Australia             16.2     38.8      40.0      40.0    166.5     158.3       16.2      38.8      40.0          40.0    166.5      158.3
       KWASA Goodman
       Germany (KGG)1           Luxembourg          16.5       6.0     19.7      23.9    121.7      89.1           –          –        –            –         –           –
       Property
       development
       Goodman Japan
       Development
       Partnership (GJDP)       Japan               17.4     57.4      50.0      50.0    127.4      68.6           –          –        –            –         –           –
       Property investment
       and development
       Goodman China
       Logistics Partnership Cayman
       (GCLP)                Islands                58.4     40.2      20.0      20.0    545.8     447.6           –          –       –             –         –           –
       Goodman UK               United
       Partnership (GUKP)       Kingdom             12.6       3.1     33.3      33.3    109.4      48.2           –          –       –             –         –           –
       Goodman North
       America Partnership
       (GNAP)                   USA               232.7      48.3      55.0      55.0 1,104.9      703.6      224.1      46.6      53.0          53.0 1,064.9       678.2
       Other JVs                                    25.7     12.9                        247.4     303.9       21.8      10.3                            220.7      275.3
                                                  379.5     206.7                       2,423.1 1,819.3       262.1      95.7                           1,452.1 1,111.8
     1. The consolidated ownership interest in KGG reflected the weighted average ownership in the various property investment vehicles.

       The reconciliation of the carrying amount of investments in JVs is set out as follows:
                                                                                                           Goodman                                         GIT
       		2018                                                                                                          2017                  2018                    2017
       Movement in carrying amount of investments in JVs		$M                                                            $M                    $M                      $M
       Carrying amount at the beginning of the year		                        1,819.3   1,615.1    1,111.8                                                           945.9
       Share of net results after tax (before fair value adjustments)		        106.4     122.9        53.5                                                           38.0
       Share of fair value adjustments attributable to investment
       properties after tax		                                                  273.1       83.5     208.6                                                             57.4
       Share of fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments		        –        0.3         –                                                              0.3
       Share of net results		                                                  379.5     206.7      262.1                                                             95.7
       Share of movements in reserves		                                          26.6     (15.4)         –                                                                –
       Acquisitions		                                                          415.5     298.2      232.6                                                           222.2
       Disposals		                                                              (87.2)      (3.4)    (87.2)                                                            (9.3)
       Distributions/dividends received and receivable		                      (209.3)   (236.2)    (106.3)                                                         (122.4)
       Effect of foreign currency translation		                                  78.7     (45.7)      39.1                                                           (20.3)
       Carrying amount at the end of the year		                              2,423.1   1,819.3    1,452.1                                                         1,111.8
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                097




                    Operating assets and liabilities continued
                    6. PROPERTY ASSETS CONTINUED
                    (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method continued
                    (ii) Investments in JVs continued
                    The table below includes further information regarding principal JVs held at the end of the financial year:




For personal use only
                                                                     KGIP              KGG1                  GJDP               GCLP                GUKP             GNAP
                                                             2018        2017      2018   2017           2018   2017        2018   2017          2018  2017       2018  2017
                                                              $M          $M        $M      $M            $M      $M         $M      $M           $M    $M         $M     $M
                    Summarised statement
                    of financial position
                    Current assets
                    Cash and cash equivalents                 1.9        2.3      57.9         29.4     93.0      24.3     191.3     150.4        3.5     4.0     22.0       24.5
                    Other current assets                      0.8        0.9       2.9          1.6     28.6      35.7      23.4      26.6        3.3     1.7     18.0       22.7
                    Total current assets                      2.7        3.2      60.8         31.0    121.6      60.0     214.7     177.0        6.8     5.7     40.0       47.2
                    Total non-current assets               662.4       639.5 1,156.5         692.6     413.7     250.9 3,326.7 2,752.8          325.1   142.7 2,023.9 1,286.9
                    Current liabilities
                    Other current liabilities                 6.4       28.5      49.9         15.3       3.0       1.1 1,962.1 1,863.9           4.8     4.9     62.4       62.1
                    Current liabilities                       6.4       28.5      49.9         15.3       3.0       1.1 1,962.1 1,863.9           4.8     4.9     62.4       62.1
                    Non-current liabilities
                    Financial liabilities                  240.0       215.0     514.6       310.0     280.4     178.6     428.2     394.0          –       –       1.0         –
                    Other non-current liabilities            2.4         3.4      33.8        23.4       3.1       1.7     215.7     152.7          –       –         –       0.9
                    Total non-current liabilities          242.4       218.4     548.4       333.4     283.5     180.3     643.9     546.7          –       –       1.0       0.9
                    Net assets (100%)                      416.3       395.8     619.0       374.9     248.8     129.5     935.4     519.2      327.1   143.5 2,000.5 1,271.1
                    Summarised statement
                    of comprehensive income
                    Revenue                                  44.4       44.3       97.2       38.2      38.0     128.8     130.3     109.9        9.3     5.0     56.2       46.3
                    Net finance expense                       (8.3)      (5.0)      (6.9)      (6.4)     (0.1)        –     (21.7)    (14.7)        –       –      (0.2)      (0.2)
                    Income tax expense                           –          –     (17.2)       (4.4)     (3.0)    (13.7)    (26.8)      (9.0)       –       –      (0.1)      (0.1)
                    Profit after tax and revaluations        40.5       96.3       73.1       27.4      34.9     114.6     292.2     201.5       37.9     9.4    317.9       87.9
                    Other comprehensive income                   –        0.7          –          –         –         –    133.2           –        –       –         –          –
                    Total comprehensive
                    income (100%)                            40.5       97.0      73.1        27.4      34.9     114.6     425.4     201.5       37.9     9.4    317.9       87.9
                    Goodman
                    Consolidated ownership interest       40.0%       40.0%      19.7%       23.9%     50.0%     50.0%     20.0%     20.0%      33.3% 33.3% 55.0%          55.0%
                    Consolidated share of net assets       166.5       158.3      121.7        89.1     124.4      64.8     187.8     103.8      109.0  47.8 1,100.3        699.1
                    Shareholder loan 2                         –           –          –           –         –         –     355.6     341.4          –     –       –            –
                    Other items, including
                    capitalised costs                            –          –         –           –       2.3       2.2       2.4       2.4       0.4     0.4       4.6       4.5
                    Distributions receivable                     –          –         –           –       0.7       1.6         –         –         –       –         –         –
                    Carrying amount of investment 166.5                158.3     121.7         89.1    127.4      68.6     545.8     447.6      109.4    48.2 1,104.9      703.6
                    Distributions/dividends received
                    and receivable                            8.0       94.0        6.2         7.0     48.1     100.2        8.8       3.4         –       –     31.9       17.2
                    GIT
                    Consolidated ownership interest       40.0%       40.0%           –           –        –          –         –         –         –       – 53.0%        53.0%
                    Consolidated share of net assets       166.5       158.3          –           –        –          –         –         –         –       – 1,060.3       673.7
                    Other items, including
                    capitalised costs                           –          –          –          –         –          –         –         –         –       –       4.6       4.5
                    Carrying amount of investment 166.5                158.3          –          –         –          –         –         –         –       – 1,064.9      678.2
                    Distributions/dividends received
                    and receivable                            8.0       94.0          –          –         –          –         –         –         –       –     30.7       16.5
                  1. The consolidated ownership interest in KGG reflected the weighted average ownership in the various property investment vehicles.
                  2. Shareholder loans have been provided by investors of GCLP in proportion to their ownership interest. The shareholder loans are interest free, unsecured and
                     have no fixed terms of repayment. The shareholder loans are not expected to be repaid within 12 months from the end of the reporting period and the Directors
                     consider the loan to form part of Goodman’s investment in GCLP.

                    With respect to Goodman’s other JVs, the total profit after tax and revaluations is $72.9 million (2017: $94.8 million) and total other
                    comprehensive income is $nil (2017: $nil). With respect to GIT’s other JVs, the total profit after tax and revaluations is $64.5 million
                    (2017: $52.2 million) and total other comprehensive income was $nil (2017: $nil).
       098                                                                      goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Operating assets and liabilities continued
       7. RECEIVABLES
       Receivables comprise trade and other receivables and loans to related parties and are recognised on the date that they are originated,
       initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, receivables are measured at
       amortised cost using the effective interest rate method, less any impairment losses.




For personal use only
       Receivables are derecognised when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the receivable expire or it transfers the rights to
       receive the contractual cash flows on the receivable in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and rewards of the receivable
       are transferred.
                                                                                                   Goodman                                  GIT
       		2018                                                                                                  2017               2018              2017
       		$M                                                                                                     $M                 $M                $M
       Current
       Trade receivables		                56.7  33.2       –     2.2
       Tax receivables		                   9.1   2.0       –       –
       Other receivables		               244.4 421.4    23.9       –
       Amounts due from related parties1		
                                         295.6  92.1   128.7     4.3
       Loans to related parties1		         4.2   3.3 1,956.4 1,731.0
       		                                610.0 552.0 2,109.0 1,737.5
       Non-current
       Other receivables		                 2.3   2.6       –       –
       Loans to related parties1		        69.6  32.2 1,060.9 1,202.3
       		                                 71.9  34.8 1,060.9 1,202.3
     1. Refer to note 20 for details of amounts due from and loans to related parties.

       8. PAYABLES
       Trade and other payables are recognised initially at trade date fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent
       to initial recognition, trade and other payables are measured at amortised cost.
       Trade and other payables are derecognised when the contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled or expire.
       Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statement of financial position when, and only when,
       there is a legal right to offset the amounts and an intention to either settle on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability
       simultaneously.
                                                                                                   Goodman                                  GIT
       		2018                                                                                                  2017               2018              2017
       		$M                                                                                                     $M                 $M                $M
       Current
       Trade payables		                     67.5  61.2   2.0   4.2
       Other payables and accruals		       355.0 297.6  67.5  55.5
       Rental income received in advance		     –     –   1.8   2.6
       Loans to related parties1		             –     – 471.6  30.8
       		                                  422.5 358.8 542.9  93.1
       Non-current
       Other payables and accruals		       191.1 198.5 130.4 163.3
       Loans to related parties1		             –     – 335.0     –
       		                                  191.1 198.5 465.4 163.3
     1. Refer to note 20 for details of amounts due from and loans to related parties.
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                              099




                    Operating assets and liabilities continued
                    9. PROVISIONS
                    A provision is recognised when there is a legal, equitable or constructive obligation as a result of a past event and it is probable that
                    a future sacrifice of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation, the timing or amount of which is uncertain.
                                                                                                             Goodman                                GIT




For personal use only
                    		2018                                                                                              2017              2018              2017
                      Note $M                                                                                            $M                $M                $M
                    Current
                    Dividends/distributions to Securityholders                    15 256.6 236.2 166.6 236.2
                    Other provisions		                                                13.9  26.6     –     –
                    		                                                               270.5 262.8 166.6 236.2
                    Non-current
                    Net defined benefit superannuation funds in the United Kingdom		  25.1  35.1     –     –
                    Other provisions		                                                 9.2  11.4     –     –
                    		                                                                34.3  46.5     –     –

                    10. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                    Goodman recognises both goodwill and indefinite life management rights in its statement of financial position.
                    Goodwill
                    Goodwill arising on the acquisition of controlled entities is stated at cost less any accumulated impairment losses (refer below).
                    No amortisation is provided.
                    Management rights
                    When fund and/or investment management activities are acquired as part of a business combination, management rights are recorded
                    where they arise from contractual or other legal rights, and the fair value can be measured reliably.
                    Management rights are stated at cost less impairment. Management rights are not amortised as they are assumed to have an indefinite
                    life given they are routinely renewed at minimal cost.
                    Impairment
                    The carrying amounts of goodwill and management rights are tested annually for impairment. For the purpose of impairment testing,
                    goodwill and management rights are allocated to the related cash-generating units monitored by management. An impairment loss
                    is recognised whenever the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is the
                    greater of the fair value (net of disposal costs) and the value in use but given that goodwill and management rights are not frequently
                    traded (i.e. fair value is difficult to ascertain), the recoverable amount will be equal to the value in use of the cash-generating unit. In
                    assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
                    current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the cash-generating unit.
                    Impairment losses are recognised in the income statement. Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units are
                    allocated first to reduce the goodwill allocated to the cash-generating unit, then to the carrying amount of the management rights
                    allocated to the cash-generating unit and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets in the cash-generating unit on a pro
                    rata basis.
                    An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. An impairment loss for management rights is reversed only to the extent that
                    its carrying amount does not exceed its original cost.
                    A summary of Goodman’s goodwill and intangible assets are set out by below:
                    				2018                                                                                                                                2017
                    				 $M                                                                                                                                  $M
                    Goodwill		          		712.3 671.5
                    Management rights		   104.4 100.4
                    		                    816.7 771.9
       100                                                             goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Operating assets and liabilities continued
       10. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS CONTINUED
       The carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets is analysed by division in the table below:
       				                2018                                                                                                             2017
       Carrying amounts				 $M                                                                                                               $M




For personal use only
       Goodwill
       Continental Europe – Logistics		 		600.5                                                                                            565.2
       United Kingdom – Logistics		     		87.9                                                                                              83.4
       Other		                             23.9                                                                                             22.9
       Subtotal – goodwill		              712.3                                                                                            671.5
       Management rights
       Continental Europe – Logistics		 		34.1                                                                                              32.2
       Other		                             70.3                                                                                             68.2
       Subtotal – management rights		     104.4                                                                                            100.4
       Total		                            816.7                                                                                            771.9

       A reconciliation of the movement in the cost of goodwill and management rights during the financial year is set out below:
       		                  Effect of			                       Effect of
       		 foreign			foreign
            Balance at    currency    Balance at		           currency                                                                  Balance at
            1 July 2016 translation 30 June 2017 Disposals translation                                                               30 June 2018
       Cost         $M          $M           $M        $M          $M                                                                         $M
       Goodwill
       Continental Europe – Logistics                         572.5             (0.2)          572.3            –             35.7         608.0
       United Kingdom – Logistics                             126.8             (6.1)          120.7            –              6.4         127.1
       Other                                                   32.1             (2.2)           29.9            –              1.5          31.4
       Subtotal – goodwill                                    731.4             (8.5)          722.9            –             43.6         766.5
       Management rights
       Continental Europe – Logistics                          32.2                 –          32.2             –              1.9          34.1
       United Kingdom – Business Parks                        186.0              (9.2)        176.8        (186.2)             9.4             –
       Other                                                   80.9              (2.1)         78.8             –              2.7          81.5
       Subtotal – management rights                           299.1            (11.3)         287.8        (186.2)            14.0         115.6
       Total                                                1,030.5            (19.8)       1,010.7        (186.2)            57.6         882.1

       A reconciliation of the movement in the impairment losses during the financial year is set out below:
       		                               Effect of			                       Effect of
       		 foreign			foreign
                         Balance at    currency    Balance at		           currency                                                     Balance at
                         1 July 2016 translation 30 June 2017 Disposals translation                                                  30 June 2018
       Impairment losses         $M          $M           $M        $M          $M                                                            $M
       Goodwill
       Continental Europe – Logistics                            7.1               –             7.1            –              0.4           7.5
       United Kingdom – Logistics                               39.1            (1.9)           37.2            –              2.0          39.2
       Other                                                     7.1               –             7.1            –              0.4           7.5
       Subtotal – goodwill                                      53.3            (1.9)           51.4            –              2.8          54.2
       Management rights
       United Kingdom – Business Parks                        186.0              (9.1)         176.9       (186.3)             9.4             –
       Other                                                   10.6              (0.1)          10.5            –              0.7          11.2
       Subtotal – management rights                           196.6             (9.2)          187.4       (186.3)            10.1          11.2
       Total                                                  249.9            (11.1)          238.8       (186.3)            12.9          65.4

       United Kingdom – Business Parks
       The management rights associated with UK – Business Parks were disposed on the sale of the Group’s investment in ABPP.
       These management rights have previously been impaired to $nil.
       Impairments and reversals of impairments
       There were no impairment losses or reversals of impairment losses during either the current or prior financial year.
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                   101




                    Operating assets and liabilities continued                                    One of the key assumptions in relation to the impairment testing
                    10. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS CONTINUED                                  for each intangible asset balance is that Goodman’s management
                                                                                                  contracts are assessed to have an indefinite life given that these
                    Impairment testing for intangible assets                                      contracts have been typically renewed at minimal cost and on
                    The carrying values of both goodwill and indefinite life                      broadly similar financial terms.
                    management rights are assessed for impairment annually. For
                                                                                                  A summary of the other key assumptions for those divisions




For personal use only
                    the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill and indefinite life
                    management rights are allocated to the Goodman divisions that                 where the carrying amount of goodwill or indefinite life
                    represent the lowest level within Goodman at which the goodwill               management rights was significant in comparison with
                    and indefinite life management rights are monitored for internal              Goodman’s total carrying amount of intangible assets is
                    management purposes. Where goodwill and management rights                     set out below.
                    arise in the same division, impairment testing has been performed             All amounts were calculated in local currency and translated to
                    on the combined intangible asset.                                             Australian dollars at the closing exchange rate at the end of the
                    The impairment tests for all intangible assets are based on each              financial period. Averages related to average amounts over the
                    division’s value in use. Value in use is determined by discounting            five year forecast period.
                    the future cash flows generated from continuing operations.
                    These cash flows are based on both investment and development
                    forecasts and then estimating a year five terminal value using a
                    terminal growth rate and the division’s discount rate.
                    The estimation of future cash flows requires assumptions to
                    be made regarding uncertain future events. The cash flows
                    associated with management rights require management to
                    make assumptions regarding the period over which the future
                    fee income streams continue to be received, the likelihood of
                    renewal at minimal cost of contractual agreements to manage
                    partnerships, and the future financial performance of the
                    managed partnerships which generate those future fee income
                    streams. The cash flows associated with goodwill are often similar
                    to management rights but may also include cash flows from other
                    development activities undertaken by the businesses acquired.

                        		Continental                                                                                                                                  United
                        		  Europe –                                                                                                                               Kingdom –
                        		Logistics                                                                                                                                 Logistics
                        Value in use (A$M)1                                                                                      2018             1,201.8               261.2
                                                                                                                                 2017               949.3               269.2
                        Pre-tax discount rate (per annum)                                                                        2018              11.5%                9.1%
                                                                                                                                 2017              11.5%                9.4%
                        Average annual development (million square metres)                                                       2018                0.71                0.15
                                                                                                                                 2017                0.70                0.25
                        Average annual growth in assets under management (AUM)2                                                  2018               8.7%               27.3%
                                                                                                                                 2017               7.8%               46.1%
                        Average annual increase in operating expenses                                                            2018               3.0%                2.2%
                                                                                                                                 2017               3.0%                0.8%
                  1. When assessing a potential impairment, the value in use was compared against the sum of the intangible asset balance and the plant and equipment balance
                     for each division. The value in use balance was translated at the foreign currency exchange rate as at the end of the financial year.
                  2. AUM growth rate in United Kingdom – Logistics reflects the anticipated growth in GUKP, which is supported by equity commitments to GUKP from Goodman
                     and its investment partners.
       102                                                             goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Operating assets and liabilities continued                              Sources of funding for development activity
       10. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS CONTINUED                            Capital inflows required to fund acquisitions and development
       Impairment testing for intangible assets continued                      activity in each division are assumed to arise from the following
                                                                               sources: equity investment directly into managed partnerships
       The key driver of value in respect of these intangible assets is        (including distribution reinvestment plans) by Goodman and
       the forecast level of and profitability of development activity and     its investment partners; lending facilities (general term facilities




For personal use only
       management income from managed partnerships, which is                   or construction financing facilities) advanced to managed
       primarily related to the size of the managed partnerships.              partnerships; debt capital markets; customer-funded turnkey
       Discount rates                                                          developments; and proceeds from rotation of assets. It is not
       The post-tax discount rates were determined using the capital           practicable to determine the percentage of the total which will
       asset pricing model, with individual assumptions referenced to          flow from each source.
       market data, where available, and adjusting for specific factors        Funds available to Goodman and its investment partners are
       associated with each division. A risk premium was included in           assumed to be sourced from available global markets and are
       each division’s discount rate, reflecting the level of forecasting,     not limited to lending markets in the regions to which the relevant
       size, country and financing risks for that division. The value in use   intangible asset relates.
       was determined using the after-tax cash flows and the post-tax
       discount rates, with the discount rates then converted to the           The cash flow forecasts have not assumed a downturn in
       equivalent pre-tax rates.                                               earnings that might arise in the event of severe adverse
                                                                               market conditions.
       Development activity and margins
                                                                               AUM
       Demand for modern, well-located industrial product in both
       Continental Europe and the United Kingdom continues to be               For Continental Europe – Logistics, the average annual increase
       driven by customers’ desire to adopt more efficient distribution        in AUM of 8.7% (2017: 7.8%) over the forecast period is broadly
       methods and the growth of e-commerce. Earnings forecasts                consistent with the prior year forecasts and is a result of the
       for each division include projects which have not yet been              ongoing development activity, albeit this is partly offset by the
       contracted. The majority of developed product is expected               selective rotation of assets. For the purpose of the forecasts,
       to be owned by Goodman’s managed partnerships although                  capitalisation rates are expected to be stable over the period.
       sales to third parties have also been assumed. Margins from
       development activity are expected to be consistent with those           For United Kingdom – Logistics, the forecasts assume that
       achieved historically.                                                  over the next five years, the division will increase its AUM
                                                                               from £181 million to approximately £606 million, as GUKP
       Continental Europe – Logistics                                          draws down committed equity from its investors to fund the
       The forecasts assume the development starts (by area) over              expected development activity. For the purpose of the forecasts,
       the five year period are 0.71 million square metres each year,          capitalisation rates are expected to be stable over the period.
       consistent with historical performance. The estimated total cash        Operating expenses
       outflow (from Goodman and its managed partnerships) required
       to finance the assumed development pipeline across the forecast         Operating expenses in Continental Europe – Logistics and United
       period is A$0.76 billion per annum.                                     Kingdom – Logistics are forecast to increase over the forecast
                                                                               period by an average of 3.0% per annum and 2.2% per annum
       United Kingdom – Logistics                                              respectively as the divisions increase AUM.
       Investor demand is expected to remain strong for well-let assets
       with supply especially limited in core locations. The division’s
       development activity over the next five years is forecast to be
       maintained at the existing levels of 0.17 million square metres per
       annum (on average). The estimated cash outflow (from Goodman
       and its managed partnerships) required to finance the assumed
       development pipeline across the forecast period is on average
       A$0.32 billion per annum.

       Assumptions impacting the terminal year
       		Continental                                                                                                                           United
       		  Europe –                                                                                                                        Kingdom –
       		Logistics                                                                                                                          Logistics
       Growth rate applied to future cash flows (per annum)                                                2018               1.0%               1.5%
                                                                                                           2017               1.0%               1.3%
       Development in terminal year (million square metres)                                                2018                0.70               0.17
                                                                                                           2017                0.70               0.22
       Development in terminal year (cost in A$B)                                                          2018                0.76               0.32
                                                                                                           2017                0.68               0.28

       Long-term growth rates have been used to extrapolate cash flow projections beyond the period covered by the five year forecast.
       For both Continental Europe – Logistics and United Kingdom – Logistics, the growth rate was based on the average consumer price
       indices over the past five years. For Continental Europe – Logistics, a weighted average was estimated based on the value of AUM for
       each of the countries in which Goodman operated.
       The forecast cost of developments in year five represents the estimated total funding requirements for both directly held developments
       and developments within managed partnerships. The cost of developments in Australian dollars has remained relatively stable.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                     103




                    CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

                        The notes in this section focus on Goodman and GIT’s financing activities, capital structure and management of the financial
                        risks involved.

                    11. NET FINANCE EXPENSE




For personal use only
                    Interest income and expense are recognised using the effective interest rate method.
                    Finance costs relating to a qualifying asset are capitalised as part of the cost of that asset using a weighted average cost of debt.
                    Qualifying assets are assets which take a substantial time to get ready for their intended use or sale. All other finance costs are
                    expensed using the effective interest rate method.
                                                                                                                       Goodman                                      GIT
                    		2018                                                                                                           2017                2018                2017
                    		$M                                                                                                              $M                  $M                  $M
                    Finance income
                    Interest income from:
                    – Related parties		                                                        0.8      0.8     93.1    146.4
                    – Other parties		                                                        34.5      22.4     31.1      18.5
                    Foreign exchange gain1		                                                     –     24.7     50.2        1.4
                    		                                                                       35.3      47.9   174.4     166.3
                    Finance expense
                    Interest expense from third party loans, overdrafts and derivatives		   (87.7)  (111.6)    (68.8)    (89.0)
                    Interest expense from related party loans		                                  –        –    (12.6)         –
                    Debt restructure/modification expense2		                                (82.8)  (205.3)    (82.8)  (205.3)
                    Other borrowing costs		                                                   (9.7)   (11.5)     (7.8)     (9.4)
                    Fair value adjustments on derivative financial instruments		          (131.4)     (45.6) (120.8)     (45.6)
                    Foreign exchange loss1		                                                  (8.5)       –         –         –
                    Capitalised borrowing costs3		                                           17.5      46.7         –       1.1
                    		                                                                    (302.6)   (327.3)  (292.8)   (348.2)
                    Net finance expense		                                                 (267.3)   (279.4)  (118.4)   (181.9)
                  1. The foreign exchange gain/(loss) in Goodman and GIT included a loss of $8.7 million (2017: gain of $25.5 million) relating to unrealised (losses)/gains on
                     translation of liabilities which do not qualify for net investment hedging.
                  2. Following the modification of certain tranches of the USD denominated notes in June 2017, Goodman completed additional liability management initiatives
                     during the 2018 year. These included repurchasing certain of the USD denominated notes and GBP denominated notes and issuing new USD denominated
                     notes maturing in 10.5 years and 20 years and EUR denominated notes maturing in 8 years. The debt restructure expense as a result of these activities related
                     to transaction costs, tender premiums associated with the USD denominated notes maturing in 2021 and 2022 and the GBP denominated notes maturing in
                     2018, and also ‘make-whole’ costs associated with the USD denominated notes maturing in 2020.
                  3. Borrowing costs were capitalised to inventories and investment properties under development during the financial year at rates between 0.9% and 5.9% per
                     annum (2017: 2.1% and 6.7% per annum).
       104                                                               goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Capital management continued
       12. INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES
       Interest bearing liabilities comprise bank loans, notes issued in the capital markets and private placements. Interest bearing liabilities are
       recognised initially at fair value plus any directly attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, interest bearing liabilities
       are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method.




For personal use only
                                                                                                    Goodman                                  GIT
       		2018                                                                                                   2017               2018              2017
         Note $M                                                                                                 $M                 $M                $M
       Current
       Secured:
       – Bank loans                 12(a)        7.1      15.4          –         –
       – Foreign securitised notes  12(b)          –      13.9          –         –
       Borrowing costs		                        (0.1)      (0.5)        –         –
       Unsecured:
       – GBP denominated notes      12(d)    215.9            –    215.9          –
       		                                    222.9        28.8     215.9          –
       Non–current
       Secured:
       – Bank loans                 12(a)      21.2       43.9          –         –
       – Foreign securitised notes  12(b)          –    120.7           –         –
       Unsecured:
       – Bank loans                 12(c)      91.6     238.6           –    122.7
       – GBP denominated notes      12(d)          –    423.6           –    423.6
       – USD denominated notes      12(e)  1,823.5    1,892.3    1,823.5   1,892.3
       – EUR denominated notes       12(f)   789.6            –    789.6          –
       – Foreign private placements 12(g)    152.6      144.9      152.6     144.9
       Borrowing costs		                      (19.9)     (14.5)     (16.7)     (7.2)
       		                                  2,858.6    2,849.5    2,749.0   2,576.3

       (a) Bank loans, secured
       Secured bank loans at 30 June 2018 are summarised as follows:
       		                                                                                                                  Facility limit Amounts drawn
       Facility maturity date		                                                                                                       $M             $M
       26 Sep 2023		 28.3                                                                                                                             28.3
       2018		28.3                                                                                                                                     28.3
       2017		59.3                                                                                                                                     59.3

       The secured bank loans relate to facilities funding the operations in Brazil. Repayments are made monthly and include capital and
       interest, with interest referenced to the benchmark rate "Taxa Referencial" determined by the Central Bank of Brazil.
       Subsequent to the end of the financial year, the loan of A$28.3 million has been repaid in full.
       (b) Foreign securitised notes
       As at 30 June 2018, Goodman had no notes on issue as the controlled entity that issued the notes was sold to the Goodman Brazil
       Logistics Partnership.
                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                            105




                    Capital management continued
                    12. INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES CONTINUED
                    (c) Bank loans, unsecured
                    		                                                                                                       Facility limit Amounts drawn
                    Facility maturity date		                                                                                            $M             $M




For personal use only
                    31 Jul 2019		  89.2                                                                                                                  –
                    31 Jan 2021		  50.0                                                                                                                  –
                    31 Jul 2021		 135.2                                                                                                                  –
                    31 Mar 2022		  75.0                                                                                                                  –
                    30 Sep 2022		  50.7                                                                                                                  –
                    30 Sep 2022		  37.5                                                                                                                  –
                    30 Sep 2022		  97.7                                                                                                               32.0
                    30 Sep 2022		 183.1                                                                                                               59.6
                    30 Sep 2022		 183.1                                                                                                                  –
                    31 Dec 2022		  75.0                                                                                                                  –
                    31 Dec 2022		  50.0                                                                                                                  –
                    31 Dec 2022		 118.4                                                                                                                  –
                    2018		1,144.9                                                                                                                     91.6
                    2017		1,349.3                                                                                                                    238.6

                    The majority of the unsecured bank loans are multi-currency facilities. At 30 June 2018, the amounts drawn by Goodman were
                    A$91.6 million (2017: A$238.6 million).
                    (d) GBP denominated notes
                    As at 30 June 2018, Goodman and GIT had A$215.9 million (30 June 2017: A$423.6 million) of GBP denominated notes issued under
                    Goodman’s Euro medium-term note programme. The notes have a fixed coupon of 9.75% payable annually. During the financial year,
                    Goodman and GIT repurchased A$230.3 million of the notes.
                    Subsequent to the end of the financial year, the remainder of the notes have been repaid upon maturity. The notes were listed on the
                    Singapore Stock Exchange and the market value of the notes using the quoted price at 30 June 2018 was A$216.5 million (30 June
                    2017: A$461.1 million).
                    (e) USD denominated notes
                    As at 30 June 2018, Goodman and GIT had notes on issue in the United States 144A/Reg S bond market as follows:
                    			Coupon
                                         Carrying amount      Face value           (fixed)
                    Notes maturity date A$M          US$M A$M            US$M per annum
                    15 Apr 2021                                                 257.2            190.2            236.1            174.5          6.375%
                    22 Mar 2022                                                 416.8            308.2            377.7            279.3          6.000%
                    15 Mar 2028                                                 710.0            525.0            710.0            525.0          3.700%
                    15 Oct 2037                                                 439.5            325.0            439.5            325.0          4.500%
                    2018                                                      1,823.5          1,348.4          1,763.3          1,303.8
                    2017                                                      1,892.3          1,453.0          1,725.4          1,324.8

                    During the financial year, Goodman and GIT repurchased certain of the 2021 and 2022 notes, following a successful tender process,
                    and repurchased in full the 2020 notes in accordance with the ‘make-whole’ provisions contained within their terms of issue. Goodman
                    and GIT also issued new notes, US$525.0 million maturing in 2028 and US$325.0 million maturing in 2037.
                    (f) EUR denominated notes
                    During the financial year, Goodman and GIT issued A$789.6 million (€500.0 million) new Reg S EUR denominated senior notes
                    maturing 27 September 2025. The notes have a fixed coupon of 1.375% per annum.
                    (g) Foreign private placements
                    As at 30 June 2018, Goodman and GIT had A$152.6 million (2017: A$144.9 million) (¥12.5 billion) foreign private placements
                    denominated in Japanese yen. The facility has a fixed coupon of 3.32% payable semi-annually and expires on 3 April 2023.
       106                                                                         goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Capital management continued
       12. INTEREST BEARING LIABILITIES CONTINUED
       (h) Finance facilities
                                                                                                                Goodman                                          GIT
       		Facilities                                                                                                   Facilities                    Facilities         Facilities




For personal use only
       		available                                                                                                      utilised                    available           utilised
       		$M                                                                                                                  $M                            $M                 $M
       At 30 June 2018
       Secured:
       – Bank loans		                    28.3    28.3       –       –
       Unsecured:
       – Bank loans		                 1,144.9    91.6   681.1       –
       – GBP denominated notes		        215.9   215.9   215.9   215.9
       – USD denominated notes1		     1,763.3 1,763.3 1,763.3 1,763.3
       – EUR denominated notes		        789.6   789.6   789.6   789.6
       – Foreign private placements		   152.6   152.6   152.6   152.6
       – Bank guarantees2		                 –    30.4       –    30.4
       		                             4,094.6 3,071.7 3,602.5 2,951.8
       At 30 June 2017
       Secured:
       – Bank loans		                    59.3    59.3       –       –
       – Foreign securitised notes		    134.6   134.6       –       –
       Unsecured:
       – Bank loans		                 1,349.3   238.6   908.8   122.7
       – GBP denominated notes		        423.6   423.6   423.6   423.6
       – USD denominated notes1		1,725.4      1,725.4 1,725.4 1,725.4
       – Foreign private placements		   144.9   144.9   144.9   144.9
       – Bank guarantees2		–                     42.0       –    42.0
       		3,837.1                              2,768.4 3,202.7 2,458.6
     1. Facilities available and facilities utilised in respect of the United States senior notes represent the face value of the notes on issue.
     2. Bank guarantees are drawn from facilities available under unsecured bank loans.

       13. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
       Other financial assets and liabilities are recognised initially on the trade date at which Goodman and GIT become a party to the
       contractual provisions of the instrument.
       Derivative financial instruments and hedging
       Goodman and GIT use derivative financial instruments to hedge their economic exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate risks
       arising from operating, investing and financing activities. In accordance with their treasury policy, Goodman and GIT do not hold or issue
       derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes.
       Goodman and GIT’s derivative financial instruments are not designated as a hedge for accounting purposes, and accordingly movements
       in the fair value of derivative financial instruments are recognised in the income statement.
       Cash flow hedges
       Certain of Goodman and GIT’s associates and JVs continue to designate derivative financial instruments as cash flow hedges for
       accounting purposes. Goodman and GIT’s share of the effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivative financial instruments in
       associates and JVs that are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges is recognised in the cash flow hedge reserve. The gain or loss
       relating to any ineffective portion is recognised in the income statement.
       Other financial assets
                                                                                                                  Goodman                                         GIT
       		2018                                                                                                                   2017                    2018               2017
       		$M                                                                                                                      $M                      $M                 $M
       Current
       Derivative financial instruments		                    1.6  27.3   1.6  27.2
       		                                                    1.6  27.3   1.6  27.2
       Non-current
       Derivative financial instruments1		                 187.1 214.7 198.0 214.7
       Investments in unlisted securities, at fair value		   0.7   0.6  22.6  23.9
       		                                                  187.8 215.3 220.6 238.6
     1. Includes fair values of derivative financial instruments equating to $154.3 million (2017: $169.8 million) that hedge Goodman’s net investments in Continental
        Europe and the United Kingdom.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                       107




                    Capital management continued
                    13. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES CONTINUED
                    Other financial liabilities
                                                                                                                          Goodman                                      GIT
                    		2018                                                                                                             2017                 2018                 2017




For personal use only
                    		$M                                                                                                                $M                   $M                   $M
                    Current
                    Derivative financial instruments		 54.5 158.4 54.5 158.4
                    		                                 54.5 158.4 54.5 158.4
                    Non-current
                    Derivative financial instruments1		94.4  76.3 94.4  76.3
                    		                                 94.4  76.3 94.4  76.3
                  1. Includes fair values of derivative financial instruments equating to $31.9 million (2017: $nil) that hedge Goodman’s net investments in Continental Europe and
                     the United Kingdom.


                    14. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT                                                     Goodman’s key financial risks are market risk (including foreign
                    The Directors have ultimate responsibility for Goodman’s financial                exchange and interest rate risk), liquidity risk and credit risk.
                    risk management (FRM) processes and have established policies,                    (a) Market risk
                    documented in the FRM policy document, to manage Goodman’s
                    exposure to financial risks and to utilise capital in an efficient                Foreign exchange risk
                    manner.                                                                           Goodman is exposed to foreign exchange risk through its
                                                                                                      investments in New Zealand, Hong Kong, China, Japan,
                    The Group Investment Committee is Goodman’s primary forum                         Continental Europe, the United Kingdom, North America and
                    where recommendations regarding capital allocation and financial                  Brazil. Foreign exchange risk represents the loss that would be
                    risk management (in accordance in the FRM policy) are discussed                   recognised from adverse fluctuations in currency prices against
                    and approved. The Group Investment Committee meets every                          the Australian dollar as a result of Goodman’s net investment in
                    week during the financial year.                                                   foreign operations, future commercial transactions, and other
                    Goodman’s treasury function is responsible for preparing the                      foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities.
                    following reports for consideration at each of Goodman’s                          In managing foreign exchange risks, Goodman aims to reduce
                    board meetings:                                                                   the impact of short-term fluctuations on Goodman’s earnings and
                    + analysis of capital allocation and funding requirements                         net assets. However, over the long term, permanent changes
                      against Goodman’s gearing constraint;                                           in foreign exchange will have an impact on both earnings and
                    + analysis of Goodman’s liquidity and funding position;                           net assets.
                    + analysis of Goodman’s debt maturity profile;                                    Goodman’s capital hedge policy for each overseas region is to
                    + a review of all the hedge exposures and the                                     hedge between 65% and 90% of foreign currency denominated
                      completed hedges;                                                               assets with foreign currency denominated liabilities. This is
                    + compliance with Goodman’s hedging policy and                                    achieved by borrowing in the same currency as the overseas
                      recommendations for future hedging strategies; and                              investments to form a natural economic hedge against any
                    + full mark to market of all derivative positions.                                foreign currency fluctuations and/or using derivatives such as
                    Under the FRM policy, Goodman’s derivative financial instruments                  cross currency interest rate swaps (CCIRS) and foreign exchange
                    are not designated as a hedge for accounting purposes, and                        contracts (FEC).
                    accordingly such derivative financial instruments are marked to
                    market, with the movement in value recognised in profit or loss.
                    Capital management
                    Goodman’s principal capital management objectives are to
                    maintain a strong capital base and provide funds for operating
                    activities (including development expenditure), capital expenditure
                    and investment opportunities as they arise. This is achieved
                    through an appropriate mix of debt and equity.
                    Goodman is able to alter the capital mix by issuing new
                    Goodman securities or hybrid securities, through the operation
                    of a distribution reinvestment plan, adjusting the timing of
                    development and capital expenditure and selling assets to
                    reduce borrowings. Goodman also manages capital through its
                    distribution policy in which distributions made to Securityholders
                    are based on the greater of 60% of Goodman’s operating profit or
                    taxable income of the Trust.
                    Goodman monitors capital on the basis of both the gearing ratio
                    and the weighted average cost of debt. The gearing ratio for
                    Goodman is calculated as the total interest bearing liabilities less
                    cash as a percentage of the total assets excluding cash.
       108                                                           goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Capital management continued
       14. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT CONTINUED
       (a) Market risk continued
       Foreign exchange risk continued
       As at 30 June 2018, the principal that was hedged and the weighted average exchange rates, by currency, are set out below:




For personal use only
       Goodman and GIT
                       2018                          2017
       			                  Weighted 			                  Weighted
       			                   average 			                   average
        Amounts   Amounts   exchange  Amounts   Amounts   exchange
         payable receivable      rate  payable receivable      rate
                                                  NZD’M               A$M         AUD/NZD              NZD’M               A$M          AUD/NZD
       AUD receivable/NZD payable                 (300.0)            274.2           1.0943             (100.0)            65.4           1.1674
                                                  HKD’M               A$M         AUD/HKD              HKD’M               A$M         AUD/HKD
       AUD receivable/HKD payable               (3,390.0)            571.0           5.9927           (3,390.0)           529.4           6.5396
                                                  EUR’M               A$M         AUD/EUR              EUR’M               A$M          AUD/EUR
       AUD receivable/EUR payable                 (420.0)            615.3           0.6851             (705.0)           965.7           0.7341
                                                  GBP’M               A$M         AUD/GBP              GBP’M               A$M          AUD/GBP
       AUD receivable/GBP payable                   (80.0)           136.3           0.5869              (65.0)            84.9           0.5898
                                                  CNY’M             US$’M         USD/CNY              CNY’M             US$’M          USD/CNY
       USD receivable/CNY payable               (1,590.5)            217.6           7.3091           (1,614.6)           225.0           7.1759

       At 30 June 2018, Goodman’s notes issued in the United States 144A/Reg S bond market created a foreign currency risk exposure.
       Goodman’s policy is to minimise its exposure to foreign currency and exchange rate movements, and accordingly Goodman has
       entered into both USD/EUR and USD/GBP derivatives, to provide a capital hedge against assets denominated in EUR and GBP. Details
       of these derivatives are set out below:
                       2018                          2017
       			                  Weighted 			                  Weighted
       			                   average 			                   average
        Amounts   Amounts   exchange  Amounts   Amounts   exchange
         payable receivable      rate  payable receivable      rate
                                                  EUR’M            USD’M          USD/EUR              EUR’M             USD’M          USD/EUR
       USD receivable/EUR payable                   (76.5)            95.0           0.8048             (123.1)           205.0           0.6012
                                                  GBP’M            USD’M          USD/GBP              GBP’M             USD’M          USD/GBP
       USD receivable/GBP payable                 (112.5)            160.0           0.7033              29.5                  –                  –

       During the financial year, GIT entered into a FEC with a controlled entity of GL to hedge that entity’s USD exposure. On maturity of the
       contract, GIT will receive USD 240.0 million and pay GBP 156.2 million.
       Sensitivity analysis
       Throughout the financial year, if the Australian dollar had been 5% stronger against all other currencies, with all other variables held
       constant, the profit attributable to Securityholders, excluding derivative mark to market and unrealised foreign exchange movements,
       would have decreased by A$40.4 million (2017: A$18.2 million decrease) for Goodman and A$19.8 million (2017: A$8.6 million
       decrease) for GIT. If the Australian dollar had been 5% weaker against all other currencies, with all other variables held constant, the
       profit attributable to Securityholders, excluding derivative mark to market and unrealised foreign exchange movements, would have
       increased by A$40.4 million (2017: A$18.2 million increase) for Goodman and A$19.8 million (2017: A$8.6 million increase) for GIT.
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                     109




                    Capital management continued
                    14. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT CONTINUED
                    (a) Market risk continued
                    Interest rate risk
                    Goodman’s interest rate risk arises from variable rate borrowings and also fixed rate to floating rate CCIRS that hedge the currency risk




For personal use only
                    associated with the USD denominated notes. Goodman adopts a policy of ensuring that between 60% and 100% of its current year
                    exposure to changes in interest rates on borrowings is on a fixed rate basis. Goodman enters into interest rate swaps (IRS) to manage
                    cash flow risks associated with the interest rates on borrowings that are floating. The IRS contracts are for 90 day intervals and involve
                    quarterly payments or receipts of the net amount of interest.
                    As at 30 June 2018, Goodman and GIT’s interest rate risk exposure based on existing interest bearing liabilities and derivative financial
                    instruments is set out below:
                    Goodman
                                                                                                  Interest bearing                 Impact of derivatives            Net interest
                                                                                                         liabilities              CCIRS1               IRS        rate exposure
                                                                                                              A$M                   A$M               A$M                  A$M
                    As at 30 June 2018
                    Fixed rate liabilities		    2,981.6 (344.9)  222.3  2,859.0
                    Floating rate liabilities		   119.9  346.2  (222.3)   243.8
                    		                          3,101.5    1.3       –  3,102.8
                    As at 30 June 2017
                    Fixed rate liabilities		    2,460.8 (755.4)  848.0  2,553.4
                    Floating rate liabilities		   432.5  774.4  (848.0)   358.9
                    		 2,893.3                            19.0       –  2,912.3
                  1. The impact of the CCIRS amends the total borrowings exposure as a result of the difference in the foreign currency exchange rate between the contracted rate
                     and the year end spot rate.

                    GIT
                                                                                                  Interest bearing                 Impact of derivatives            Net interest
                                                                                                         liabilities              CCIRS1               IRS        rate exposure
                                                                                                              A$M                   A$M               A$M                  A$M
                    As at 30 June 2018
                    Fixed rate liabilities		    2,981.6 (344.9)  222.3  2,859.0
                    Floating rate liabilities		       –  346.2  (222.3)   123.9
                    		                          2,981.6    1.3       –  2,982.9
                    As at 30 June 2017
                    Fixed rate liabilities		    2,460.8 (755.4)  848.0  2,553.4
                    Floating rate liabilities		   122.7  774.4  (848.0)    49.1
                    		 2,583.5                            19.0       –  2,602.5
                  1. The impact of the CCIRS amends the total borrowings exposure as a result of the difference in the foreign currency exchange rate between the contracted rate
                     and the year end spot rate.
       110                                                               goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Capital management continued
       14. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT CONTINUED
       (a) Market risk continued
       Interest rate risk continued
       As a result of the fixed rate interest bearing liabilities and derivative financial instruments that exist at the end of the financial year,




For personal use only
       Goodman and GIT would have the following fixed interest rate exposure at the end of each of the next five financial years. This
       assumes all interest bearing liabilities and derivative financial instruments mature in accordance with current contractual terms.
                                                                                                     2018                               2017
       		                                                                                   Fixed         Weighted             Fixed               Weighted
       		                                                                            interest rate         average      interest rate               average
       Number of years                                                                  exposure       interest rate       exposure             interest rate
       post balance date                                                                     A$M      % per annum               A$M            % per annum
       1 year		                                                                           2,380.6               3.04         2,392.9                    4.59
       2 years		                                                                          2,173.3               3.05         2,096.9                    3.61
       3 years		                                                                          1,931.4               3.05         1,840.9                    3.67
       4 years		                                                                          1,690.3               2.81         1,372.3                    3.43
       5 years		                                                                          1,762.8               2.68           710.5                    2.79

       Sensitivity analysis
       Throughout the financial year, if interest rates on borrowings (based on the interest bearing liabilities and derivative financial instruments
       in place at the end of the year) had been 100 basis points higher/lower, with all other variables held constant, the profit attributable
       to Securityholders would have decreased/increased by A$2.4 million (2017: A$3.6 million) for Goodman and by A$1.2 million
       (2017: A$0.5 million) for GIT.
       Price risk
       Goodman and GIT are not materially exposed to price risk.
       (b) Liquidity risk
       Liquidity risk is the risk that Goodman will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. Goodman’s objective is to
       maintain sufficient liquidity to fund working capital, capital expenditure, investment opportunities, debt expiries and distributions.
       This is achieved through the monthly preparation of a three year cash flow forecast to understand the uses of funds and to identify
       potential shortfalls in funding. This allows Goodman to plan for renewal of debt facilities, negotiation of new debt facilities, new issues
       of securities, including the distribution reinvestment plan, and other potential sources of funding.
       Goodman’s treasury function is responsible for reporting details of all debt maturities to the Board at its regular meetings. Goodman’s
       treasury function is also responsible for reporting to the Board all the information and term sheets relating to any financing
       arrangements being contemplated or negotiated by Goodman, for its review and approval.
       Goodman seeks to spread its debt maturities such that the total debt repayable in a single financial year does not exceed Board
       approved policy levels.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                    111




                    Capital management continued
                    14. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT CONTINUED
                    (b) Liquidity risk continued
                    The contractual maturities of financial liabilities are set out below:
                                                    Carrying     Contractual        Less than					 More than




For personal use only
                                                     amount       cash flows           1 year 1–2 years 2–3 years 3–4 years 4–5 years 5 years
                    Goodman                              $M               $M              $M        $M        $M        $M        $M      $M
                    As at 30 June 2018
                    Non-derivative
                    financial liabilities
                    Payables                      613.6                 613.6            422.5            128.5               23.5              10.5              5.8        22.8
                    Bank loans, secured             28.3                 28.3              7.2                –                  –                 –                –        21.1
                    Bank loans, unsecured1          91.6                 91.6                –                –                  –                 –             91.6           –
                    GBP denominated notes,
                    unsecured                     215.9                 236.8            236.8                  –                 –                 –                –           –
                    USD denominated notes,
                    unsecured                   1,823.5               2,558.2            105.4              85.2             317.8             441.1             46.7      1,562.0
                    EUR denominated notes,
                    unsecured                     789.6                 877.7              19.3             11.0              11.0              11.0             11.0       814.4
                    Foreign private placements,
                    unsecured                     152.6                 178.3               6.4              5.2                5.1               5.1           156.5            –
                    Total non-derivative
                    financial liabilities       3,715.1               4,584.5            797.6            229.9              357.4             467.7            311.6      2,420.3
                    Derivative financial
                    (assets)/liabilities – net
                    Net settled2                   (21.3)                  (8.1)            3.4              3.8             (14.6)              (1.5)             0.6         0.2
                    Gross settled:3
                    (Inflow)                       (18.5)               (583.7)           (91.4)           (97.5)           (103.6)             (98.6)           (69.8)     (122.8)
                    Outflow                            –                 581.4           108.6              67.7              72.6             133.4            102.6         96.5
                    Total derivative
                    financial (assets)/
                    liabilities – net             (39.8)                 (10.4)            20.6            (26.0)            (45.6)             33.3             33.4        (26.1)
                    As at 30 June 2017
                    Non-derivative
                    financial liabilities
                    Payables                      557.3                 557.3            358.8              94.0              41.9              23.5             10.5        28.6
                    Bank loans, secured             59.3                 59.3             15.4                 –                 –                 –                –        43.9
                    Foreign securitised notes     134.6                 134.6             13.9                 –                 –                 –                –       120.7
                    Bank loans, unsecured1        238.6                 238.6                –              75.0             115.9              47.7                –           –
                    GBP denominated notes,
                    unsecured                     423.6                 506.0              80.6           425.4                   –                 –                –           –
                    USD denominated notes,
                    unsecured                   1,892.3               2,173.0            117.4            109.0              109.3          1,157.5             679.8            –
                    Foreign private placements,
                    unsecured                     144.9                 174.3               6.1              4.9                4.9               4.9              8.6      144.9
                    Total non-derivative
                    financial liabilities       3,450.6               3,843.1            592.2            708.3              272.0          1,233.6             698.9       338.1
                    Derivative financial
                    (assets)/liabilities – net
                    Net settled2                   (17.0)                  (6.0)           (5.1)                –              (2.5)              1.9             (1.0)        0.7
                    Gross settled:3
                    (Inflow)                           –                (506.9)           (98.4)           (90.0)           (101.2)           (155.2)           (58.2)        (3.9)
                    Outflow                          9.7                 502.0           176.5              83.1              42.3              40.3             98.1        61.7
                    Total derivative
                    financial (assets)/
                    liabilities – net               (7.3)                (10.9)            73.0              (6.9)           (61.4)           (113.0)            38.9        58.5
                  1. Contractual cash flows relating to bank loans exclude any estimate of interest payments that might arise under Goodman’s revolving loan facilities.
                  2. Net settled includes IRS and FEC.
                  3. Gross settled includes CCIRS.
       112                                                                      goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Capital management continued
       14. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT CONTINUED
       (b) Liquidity risk continued
       The contractual maturities of financial liabilities are set out below:
                                        Carrying     Contractual         Less than					 More than




For personal use only
                                         amount       cash flows            1 year 1–2 years 2–3 years 3–4 years 4–5 years 5 years
       GIT                                   $M               $M               $M        $M        $M        $M        $M      $M
       As at 30 June 2018
       Non-derivative
       financial liabilities
       Payables                    1,008.3                1,008.3            542.9             402.8               23.5              10.5                  5.8      22.8
       GBP denominated notes,
       unsecured                     215.9                  236.8            236.8                   –                 –                  –                  –          –
       USD denominated notes,
       unsecured                   1,823.5                2,558.2            105.4               85.2             317.8             441.1                 46.7    1,562.0
       EUR denominated notes,
       unsecured                     789.6                  877.7              19.3              11.0              11.0              11.0                 11.0     814.4
       Foreign private placements,
       unsecured                     152.6                  178.3               6.4               5.2                5.1               5.1           156.5              –
       Total non-derivative
       financial liabilities       3,989.9                4,859.3            910.8             504.2              357.4             467.7            220.0        2,399.2
       Derivative financial
       (assets)/liabilities – net
       Net settled2                   (21.3)                   (8.1)            3.4               3.8              (14.6)              (1.5)            0.6           0.2
       Gross settled:3                    –                       –               –                 –                  –                  –               –             –
       (Inflow)                       (18.4)                (583.7)           (91.4)            (97.5)           (103.6)             (98.6)           (69.8)       (122.8)
       Outflow                            –                  581.4           108.6               67.7               72.6            133.4            102.6           96.5
       Total derivative
       financial (assets)/
       liabilities – net             (39.7)                  (10.4)            20.6             (26.0)            (45.6)             33.3                 33.4      (26.1)
       As at 30 June 2017
       Non-derivative
       financial liabilities
       Payables                      256.4                  256.4              93.1              58.8              41.9              23.5                 10.5      28.6
       Bank loans, unsecured1        122.7                  122.7                 –              75.0                 –              47.7                    –         –
       GBP denominated notes,
       unsecured                     423.6                  506.0              80.6            425.4                   –                  –                  –          –
       USD denominated notes,
       unsecured                   1,892.3                2,173.0            117.4             109.0              109.3          1,157.5             679.8              –
       Foreign private placements,
       unsecured                     144.9                  174.3               6.1               4.9                4.9               4.9                 8.6     144.9
       Total non-derivative
       financial liabilities       2,839.9                3,232.4            297.2             673.1              156.1          1,233.6             698.9         173.5
       Derivative financial
       (assets)/liabilities – net
       Net settled2                   (17.0)                   (6.0)            (5.1)                –              (2.5)              1.9                (1.0)       0.7
       Gross settled:3
       (Inflow)                           –                 (506.9)           (98.4)            (90.0)           (101.2)           (155.2)            (58.2)         (3.9)
       Outflow                          9.7                  502.0           176.5               83.1              42.3              40.3              98.1         61.7
       Total derivative
       financial (assets)/
       liabilities – net               (7.3)                 (10.9)            73.0              (6.9)            (61.4)           (113.0)                38.9      58.5
     1. Contractual cash flows relating to bank loans exclude any estimate of interest payments that might arise under GIT’s revolving loan facilities.
     2. Net settled includes IRS and FEC.
     3. Gross settled includes CCIRS.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                   113




                    Capital management continued
                    14. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT CONTINUED
                    (c) Credit risk
                    Credit risk represents the loss that would be recognised if counterparties failed to perform as contracted.
                    The maximum exposure to credit risk on financial assets, excluding investments, which have been recognised on the statement of




For personal use only
                    financial position, is equal to the carrying amount.
                    Goodman has a policy of assessing the creditworthiness of all potential customers and is not materially exposed to any one customer.
                    Goodman evaluates all customers’ perceived credit risk and may require the lodgement of rental bonds or bank guarantees, as
                    appropriate, to reduce credit risk. In addition, all rents are payable monthly in advance. Bank guarantees are accepted from financial
                    institutions which have an investment grade credit rating from a major rating agency.
                    Concentration of credit risk exists from time to time on receivables for the proceeds of disposals of investment properties. The credit
                    risk is minimised as legal title is only transferred upon receipt of proceeds for the sale of those assets and typically Goodman will have
                    either received a cash deposit or be the beneficiary of a bank guarantee for 10% to 20% of the total proceeds.
                    In relation to material bank deposits, Goodman minimises credit risk by dealing with major financial institutions. The counterparty must
                    have a long-term credit rating that is a minimum of an “A” category (or equivalent) from a major rating agency. The amounts and other
                    terms associated with bank deposits are formally reviewed monthly.
                    The credit risks associated with derivative financial instruments are managed by:
                    + transacting with multiple derivatives counterparties that have a long-term investment grade credit rating;
                    + utilising International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) agreements with derivative counterparties in order to limit exposure
                      to credit risk through netting of amounts receivable and amounts payable to individual counterparties (refer below); and
                    + formal review of the mark to market position of derivative financial instruments by counterparty on a monthly basis.
                    Master netting or similar agreements
                    Goodman enters into derivative transactions under ISDA master netting off agreements. Under these agreements, where certain credit
                    events occur (such as a default), all outstanding transactions under the agreement are terminated and a single net termination value is
                    payable in full and final settlement.
                    As Goodman does not have any current legally enforceable right to offset, the fair values associated with derivative financial instruments
                    have been presented gross in the statement of financial position. However, if a credit event occurred, the ISDA master netting off
                    agreement would allow A$89.2 million (2017: A$108.4 million) of financial assets and financial liabilities in relation to Goodman’s and
                    GIT’s derivative financial instruments to be offset.
                    (d) Fair values of financial instruments
                    The carrying amounts shown in the statement of financial position and fair values of financial assets and liabilities are as follows:
                                         Goodman                                  GIT
                    		Carrying		              Carrying 		Carrying		                   Carrying
                    		     amount Fair value   amount Fair value amount Fair value     amount                                                                            Fair value
                    		2018              2018     2017       2017   2018       2018       2017                                                                                  2017
                      Note    $M         $M        $M        $M     $M         $M          $M                                                                                   $M
                    Financial assets
                    Cash and cash
                    equivalents                   17(a) 2,406.8 2,406.8 2,095.1                                2,095.1          2,129.7         2,129.7        1,882.5    1,882.5
                    Receivables                      7    681.9   681.9   586.8                                  586.8          3,169.9         3,169.9        2,939.8    2,939.8
                    Other financial assets:         13
                    – IRS		                                25.5    25.5    29.5                                   29.5              25.5            25.5          29.4       29.4
                    – CCIRS		                             135.8   135.8   196.3                                  196.3             135.8           135.8         196.3      196.3
                    – FEC		                                27.4    27.4    16.2                                   16.2              38.2            38.2          16.2       16.2
                    – Investments in
                       unlisted securities		                0.7     0.7     0.6                                    0.6             22.6            22.6           23.9       23.9
                    		                                  3,278.1 3,278.1 2,924.5                                2,924.5          5,521.7         5,521.7        5,088.1    5,088.1
                    Financial liabilities
                    Payables                         8    613.6   613.6   557.3                                  557.3          1,008.3         1,008.3          256.4      256.4
                    Interest bearing liabilities1   12  3,081.5 3,022.1 2,878.3                                2,982.9          2,964.9         2,902.2        2,576.3    2,673.1
                    Other financial liabilities:    13
                    – IRS		                                 4.2     4.2    12.5                                   12.5              4.2             4.2           12.5       12.5
                    – CCIRS		                             117.6   117.6   197.7                                  197.7            117.6           117.6          197.6      197.6
                    – FEC		                                27.1    27.1    24.5                                   24.5             27.1            27.1           24.6       24.6
                    		                                  3,844.0 3,784.6 3,670.3                                3,774.9          4,122.1         4,059.4        3,067.4    3,164.2
                  1. The fair value of certain fixed rate interest bearing liabilities has been determined by reference to the quoted market prices at 30 June 2018.
       114                                                                  goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Capital management continued
       14. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT CONTINUED
       (d) Fair values of financial instruments continued
       Fair value hierarchy
       The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method (see note 1(f)):




For personal use only
                                                                     Goodman                                                         GIT
                                                   Level 1        Level 2      Level 3          Total         Level 1         Level 2       Level 3            Total
                                                      $M             $M           $M              $M             $M              $M            $M                $M
       As at 30 June 2018
       Available for sale financial assets               –             –            0.7          0.7                 –             –          22.6             22.6
       Derivative financial assets                       –         188.7              –        188.7                 –         199.6             –            199.6
                                                         –         188.7            0.7        189.4                 –         199.6          22.6            222.2
       Derivative financial liabilities                  –         148.9              –        148.9                 –         148.9             –            148.9
                                                         –         148.9              –        148.9                 –         148.9             –            148.9
       As at 30 June 2017
       Available for sale financial assets               –             –            0.6          0.6                 –             –          23.9             23.9
       Derivative financial assets                       –         242.0              –        242.0                 –         241.9             –            241.9
                                                         –         242.0            0.6        242.6                 –         241.9          23.9            265.8
       Derivative financial liabilities                  –         234.7              –        234.7                 –         234.7             –            234.7
                                                         –         234.7              –        234.7                 –         234.7             –            234.7

       There were no transfers between the levels during the year.
       Valuation techniques used to derive Level 2 and Level 3 fair values
       The Level 2 derivative financial instruments held by Goodman and GIT consist of IRS, CCIRS and FEC.
       The fair values of derivative financial instruments are determined using generally accepted pricing models which discount estimated
       future cash flows based on the terms and maturity of each contract and current market interest rates and/or foreign currency rates,
       adjusted for specific features of the instruments.
       15. DIVIDENDS AND DISTRIBUTIONS
       Dividends and distributions are recognised when they are declared and before deduction of any withholding tax. Any non-recoverable
       withholding tax is included in income tax.
       Goodman
                                                                                                               Dividends/
                                                                                                             distributions      Total amount                 Date of
                                                                                                        cents per security               $M                 payment
       FY18 dividends/distributions
       GL                                                                                                                 –                   –                  n/a
       GIT:
       – 31 Dec 2017                                                                                                13.75               247.6         26 Feb 2018
       – 30 Jun 2018                                                                                                 9.25               166.6         29 Aug 2018
       GLHK                                                                                                          5.00                90.0         29 Aug 2018
                                                                                                                    28.00               504.2
       FY17 dividends/distributions
       GL                                                                                                                 –                   –                  n/a
       GIT:
       – 31 Dec 2016                                                                                                12.70               227.2         24 Feb 2017
       – 30 Jun 2017                                                                                                13.20               236.2         28 Aug 2017
       GLHK1                                                                                                            –                   –                  n/a
                                                                                                                    25.90               463.4
     1. On 26 August 2016, GLHK declared and paid a final dividend of 1.0 cent per security amounting to $17.8 million relating to GLHK’s FY16 performance.

       GIT
       In FY18, GIT’s distributions were 23.0 cents per security (2017: 25.9 cents per security) amounting to $414.2 million
       (2017: $463.4 million).
       Movement in provision for distributions to Securityholders
                                                                                                          Goodman                                     GIT
       		2018                                                                                                         2017                 2018                2017
       		$M                                                                                                            $M                   $M                  $M
       Balance at the beginning of the year		                                                    236.2               197.4               236.2                 197.4
       Provisions for dividends/distributions		                                                  504.2               463.4               414.2                 463.4
       Dividends/distributions paid		                                                           (483.8)             (424.6)             (483.8)               (424.6)
       Balance at the end of the year		                                                          256.6               236.2               166.6                 236.2
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                              115




                    Capital management continued
                    16. ISSUED CAPITAL
                    (a) Ordinary securities
                    Ordinary securities are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to issues of ordinary securities are recognised as
                    a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.




For personal use only
                                                                                                              Goodman                                GIT
                    		2018            2017                                                             2018              2017              2018                2017
                        Number of securities                                                            $M                $M                $M
                    Stapled securities
                    – issued and fully paid      1,800,763,877 1,789,121,143                       8,192.2           8,192.2            7,529.8            7,459.0
                    Less: Accumulated issue costs			                                                (160.5)           (160.5)            (148.5)            (148.5)
                    Total issued capital				                                                       8,031.7           8,031.7            7,381.3            7,310.5

                    Terms and conditions
                    Stapled security means one share in the Company stapled to one unit in the Trust and one CDI over a share in GLHK. Holders of
                    stapled securities are entitled to receive dividends or distributions as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per
                    security at Securityholders’ meetings. In the event of a winding up, Securityholders rank after creditors and are fully entitled to any
                    proceeds of liquidation.
                    Movement in ordinary securities
                    		                                                                          Number of         Issue price         Goodman                   GIT
                    Date Details                                                                 securities                 $              $M                   $M
                    30 Jun 2016  Balance before accumulated issue costs        1,778,318,630		  8,192.2                                                    7,398.2
                    31 Aug 2016  Securities issued to employees under the LTIP    10,802,513  –       –                                                       60.8
                    30 Jun 2017  Balance before accumulated issue costs        1,789,121,143		  8,192.2                                                    7,459.0
                    31 Aug 2017  Securities issued to employees under the LTIP    11,642,734  –       –                                                       70.8
                                 Less: Accumulated issue costs			                                (160.5)                                                    (148.5)
                    30 June 2018		                                             1,800,763,877		 8,031.7                                                     7,381.3

                    Share based payments transactions
                    The fair value of performance rights over securities at the grant date is expensed with a corresponding increase in the employee
                    compensation reserve. The share based payments expense is calculated over the period to the vesting date and is adjusted to reflect
                    the actual number of performance rights for which the related service and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be met. The
                    accumulated share based payments expense of performance rights which have vested or lapsed is transferred from the employee
                    compensation reserve to retained earnings/(accumulated losses). The fair values of performance rights are measured at grant date
                    using a combination of Black Scholes pricing models and Monte Carlo simulations.
                    LTIP
                    Performance rights issued under the LTIP entitle an employee to either acquire Goodman securities for $nil consideration or, in certain
                    jurisdictions, to receive an amount in cash equal to the value of the securities, subject to the vesting conditions having been satisfied.
                    Further details regarding the vesting conditions are included in the remuneration report section of the Directors’ report.
       116                                                           goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Capital management continued
       16. ISSUED CAPITAL CONTINUED
       (a) Ordinary securities continued
       During the year, the movement in the number of equity settled and cash settled performance rights under the LTIP was as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                                                                             Number of rights
                                                                                                                            2018            2017
       Outstanding at the beginning of the year		 		71,270,400     62,508,840
       Granted		                                  		20,180,899     23,859,250
       Exercised		                                		(12,835,205)  (11,526,728)
       Forfeited		                                    (3,181,471)   (3,570,962)
       Outstanding at the end of the year		          75,434,623    71,270,400
       Exercisable at the end of the year		                    –             –

       The model inputs for performance rights awarded during the current financial year included the following:
       			                                                                                                                Rights           Rights
       			                                                                                                             issued on        issued on
       			                                                                                                           16 Nov 2017      30 Sep 2017
       Fair value at measurement date ($)		                                                                                 6.70             6.41
       Security price ($)		                                                                                                 8.65             8.24
       Exercise price ($)		                                                                                                    –                –
       Expected volatility (%)		                                                                                           14.88            19.49
       Rights’ expected weighted average life (years)		                                                                      3.8              3.9
       Dividend/distribution yield per annum (%)		                                                                          3.93             3.85
       Average risk free rate of interest per annum (%)		                                                                   2.22             2.43

       The fair value of services received in return for performance rights granted under the LTIP is measured by reference to the fair value of
       the performance rights granted. The fair value of the performance rights granted during the year was measured as follows:
       + operating EPS tranche: these rights were valued as a granted call option, using the standard Black Scholes model with a continuous
         dividend/distribution yield; and
       + RTSR tranche: these rights were valued using a Monte Carlo model which simulated total returns for each of the ASX100 stocks and
         discounted the future value of any potential future vesting performance rights to arrive at a present value. The model uses statistical
         analysis to forecast total returns, based on expected parameters of variance and co-variance.
       At 30 June 2018, a liability of $45.1 million (2017: $25.1 million) was recognised in relation to cash settled performance rights.
       Goodman’s New Zealand Long Term Incentive Plan
       Under Goodman’s New Zealand Long Term Incentive Plan, employees receive approximately half of their LTI in the form of performance
       rights over GMT units that vest subject to meeting performance hurdles based on the achievement of distributable earnings targets by
       GMT and the relative total unitholder return from holding GMT units compared to other NZX property vehicles. On vesting, delivery of
       units in GMT is made from units held by Goodman or acquired on market.
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                         117




                    OTHER ITEMS

                        The notes in this section sets out other information that is required to be disclosed to comply with the Australian Accounting
                        Standards, Corporations Act 2001 or Corporations Regulations.

                    17. NOTES TO THE CASH FLOW STATEMENTS




For personal use only
                    (a) Reconciliation of cash
                    For the purpose of the cash flow statements, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand at the bank and short-term deposits at
                    call. Cash at the end of the year as shown in the cash flow statements is reconciled to the related items in the statements of financial
                    position as follows:
                                                                                                                Goodman                            GIT
                    		2018                                                                                                 2017           2018             2017
                    		$M                                                                                                    $M             $M               $M
                    Bank balances		   895.6   795.1   618.5   582.5
                    Call deposits		 1,511.2 1,300.0 1,511.2 1,300.0
                    		              2,406.8 2,095.1 2,129.7 1,882.5

                    (b) Reconciliation of profit for the year to net cash provided by operating activities
                                                                                                                Goodman                            GIT
                    		2018                                                                                                 2017           2018             2017
                    		$M                                                                                                    $M             $M               $M
                    Profit for the year                                                            1,102.8                796.8         715.9            616.5
                    Items classified as investing activities
                    Net gain on disposal of investment properties                                     (67.4)          (128.8)            (10.3)          (173.9)
                    Net gain on disposal of controlled entiites                                           –              (0.4)             (0.2)            (0.1)
                    Net (gain)/loss on disposal of equity investments                                 (40.7)              0.1            (39.3)             (0.9)
                    Non-cash items
                    Amortisation and depreciation                                                        6.2             8.5                  –                –
                    Share based payments expense                                                      125.6             85.4                  –                –
                    Net gain from fair value adjustments on investment properties                      (71.1)         (180.9)             (56.0)         (159.3)
                    Impairment losses                                                                      –            93.0                  –                –
                    Share of net results of equity accounted investments                             (910.9)          (587.7)           (733.7)          (431.3)
                    Net finance expense                                                               267.3            279.4             118.4            181.9
                    Income tax expense/(benefit)		                                                      82.4            54.4               28.8             (5.9)
                                                                                                      494.2            419.8               23.6            27.0
                    Changes in assets and liabilities during the year:
                    – Decrease/(increase) in receivables                                              160.2           (139.4)             (4.5)             0.1
                    – Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                              176.2             14.8             22.5              (2.6)
                    – Increase in other assets                                                         (17.1)            (4.1)            (0.8)             3.7
                    – Increase/(decrease) in payables                                                   31.2            13.4               6.0             (0.7)
                    – (Decrease)/increase in provisions		                                              (12.0)             8.6                –                –
                                                                                                      832.7            313.1             46.8             27.5
                    Distributions/dividends received from equity accounted investments                465.3            440.4            340.2            273.3
                    Net finance costs paid, excluding cash outflow
                    on debt restructure/modification                                                  (77.2)          (120.8)            (79.8)          (112.4)
                    Net income taxes (paid)/received		                                                (59.6)            (46.3)             0.1              (0.5)
                    Net cash provided by operating activities		                                    1,161.2             586.4            307.3             187.9

                    (c) Non-cash transactions
                    During the current and prior financial years, there were no significant non-cash transactions.
       118                                                        goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Other items continued
       17. NOTES TO THE CASH FLOW STATEMENTS
       (d) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                                                                    Interest    Derivatives
                                                                                    bearing       used for     Provision for




For personal use only
                                                                                  liabilities     hedging      distributions        Total
       Goodman                                                                            $M            $M               $M           $M
       Balance at 1 July 2017		                                       2,878.3                          (7.3)         236.2      3,107.2
       Changes from financing cash flows
       Proceeds from borrowings		                                     1,867.1                            –                –      1,867.1
       Payments on borrowings and derivative financial instruments		 (1,508.6)                      (170.0)               –     (1,678.6)
       Cash outflow on debt restructure/modification		                 (162.2)                           –                –       (162.2)
       Distributions paid		–                                                                             –           (488.4)      (488.4)
       Total changes from financing cash flows		                        196.3                       (170.0)          (488.4)      (462.1)
       Changes arising from obtaining or losing
       control of subsidiaries or other businesses		                   (142.0)                           –                –       (142.0)
       Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates		                      79.7                         5.8                –         85.5
       Changes in fair value		                                           (19.5)                      131.7                –        112.2
       Other changes
       Other borrowing costs		                                             5.8                           –               –          5.8
       Debt restructure expense		                                         82.9                           –               –         82.9
       Distributions declared		–                                                                         –           508.8        508.8
       Total other changes		                                              88.7                           –           508.8        597.5
       Balance at 30 June 2018		                                      3,081.5                        (39.8)          256.6      3,298.3
       		     Interest                                                       Derivatives 		                     Loans with
       		     bearing                                                          used for  Provision for              related
       		   liabilities                                                        hedging    distributions         parties, net        Total
       GIT		 $M                                                                      $M             $M                   $M           $M
       Balance at 1 July 2017		                              2,576.3                    (7.2)        236.2         (2,902.5)       (97.2)
       Changes from financing cash flows
       Net cash flows from loans to related parties		              –                       –             –           956.5        956.5
       Proceeds from borrowings		                            1,867.1                       –             –               –      1,867.1
       Payments on borrowings and derivative
       financial instruments		                              (1,445.5)               (170.0)              –                –     (1,615.5)
       Cash outflow on debt restructure/modification          (162.2)                    –               –                –       (162.2)
       Distributions paid		                                         –                    –          (488.4)               –       (488.4)
       Total changes from financing cash flows		               259.4                (170.0)         (488.4)          956.5         557.5
       Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates		             59.7                  5.9               –            (68.5)         (2.9)
       Changes in fair value		                                  (19.5)               120.6               –                –        101.1
       Other changes
       Issue of units		                                            –                      –              –             (70.8)      (70.8)
       Equity settled share based payments		                       –                      –              –             (25.8)      (25.8)
       Interest income		                                           –                      –              –             (93.1)      (93.1)
       Interest expense		                                          –                      –              –              12.6        12.6
       Interest paid		                                             –                      –              –             (19.1)      (19.1)
       Other borrowing costs		                                   6.2                      –              –                 –         6.2
       Debt restructure expense		                               82.8                      –              –                 –        82.8
       Distributions declared		                                    –                      –          418.8                 –      418.8
       Total other changes		                                    89.0                      –          418.8           (196.2)      311.6
       Balance at 30 June 2018		                             2,964.9                  (50.7)         166.6         (2,210.7)      870.1
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                                                        119




                    Other items continued
                    18. EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO GOODMAN LIMITED AND NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
                    Under Australian Accounting Standards, stapled entities are required to separately identify equity attributable to the parent entity from
                    equity attributable to other entities stapled to the parent. The equity attributable to other entities stapled to the parent are presented as
                    non-controlling interests in the statement of financial position of the Group. The tables below in notes 18(a), 18(b) and 18(c) provide an




For personal use only
                    analysis of equity, profit for the year and total comprehensive income for the year attributable to each of Goodman Limited, the other
                    entities stapled to Goodman Limited (non-controlling interests) and other non-controlling interests respectively.
                    (a) Equity attributable to Goodman Limited
                                                                                                                     Attributable to Goodman Limited



                                                                                                 Asset revaluation
                                                                                                                       Foreign currency                                                         (Accumulated
                                                                                                                                          Employee       Defined benefit


                                                                            Issued capital                                                                                     Total reserves
                                                                                                                       translation        compensation   funds actuarial                        losses)/retained

                                                                                                 reserve               reserve            reserve        losses reserve                         earnings                Total
                    Goodman                                                $M                        $M                        $M               $M              $M            $M                        $M             $M
                    Balance at 1 July 2016                              483.2                  (21.6)                      17.3              10.5         (30.3)           (24.1)                (11.7)             447.4
                    Total comprehensive loss for the year
                    Loss for the year                                           –                           –                      –               –                –              –              (58.2)            (58.2)
                    Other comprehensive (loss)/income
                    Effect of foreign currency translation                      –                           –            (45.2)                    –          1.4          (43.8)                           –       (43.8)
                    Actuarial losses on defined benefit                         –                           –                 –                    –         (2.5)           (2.5)                          –         (2.5)
                    superannuation funds
                    Total comprehensive loss for the year,                      –                           –           (45.2)                     –         (1.1)         (46.3)                (58.2)            (104.5)
                    net of income tax
                    Transfers                                                   –                21.6                              –       (33.4)                   –      (11.8)                   11.8                 –
                    Contributions by and distributions
                    to owners
                    Equity settled share based payments                         –                           –                      –         35.1                   –       35.1                            –        35.1
                    expense
                    Acquisition of non-controlling interest                     –                           –                      –               –                –              –              (11.9)            (11.9)
                    Balance at 30 June 2017                             483.2                               –           (27.9)               12.2         (31.4)           (47.1)                (70.0)             366.1
                    Total comprehensive income
                    for the year
                    Profit for the year                                         –                          –                       –               –                –              –             182.5              182.5
                    Other comprehensive income/(loss)
                    Effect of foreign currency translation                      –                          –             (22.9)                    –         (1.6)         (24.5)                           –       (24.5)
                    Actuarial losses on defined benefit                         –                          –                  –                    –          6.9            6.9                            –         6.9
                    superannuation funds
                    Total comprehensive income                                  –                          –            (22.9)                     –            5.3        (17.6)                182.5              164.9
                    for the year, net of income tax
                    Transfers                                                   –                          –                       –       (42.8)                   –      (42.8)                   42.8                 –
                    Contributions by and distributions
                    to owners
                    Equity settled share based                                  –                          –                       –         51.5                   –       51.5                            –        51.5
                    payments expense
                    Balance at 30 June 2018 483.2                                                          –            (50.8)               20.9         (26.1)           (56.0)                155.3              582.5
                    						
       120                                                                           goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Other items continued
       18. EQUITY ATTRIBUTABLE TO GOODMAN LIMITED AND NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS CONTINUED
       (b) Equity attributable to other entities stapled to Goodman Limited (non-controlling interests)
                                                                    Attributable to other entities stapled to Goodman Limited (non-controlling interests)




For personal use only
                                                                                                                     Employee
                                                                                       Cash flow

                                                   Issued capital                                                                      Total reserves
                                                                       Asset                           Foreign                                                                     Other non-
                                                                                                       currency      compensation                         Retained
                                                                       revaluation
                                                                                       hedge reserve
                                                                                                                                                                                   controlling
                                                                                                       translation
                                                                       reserve                         reserve       reserve                              earnings         Total   interests
           $M $M $M $M $M                                                                                                             $M                    $M             $M           $M
       									
       Balance at 1 July 2016                7,548.5                      16.3          (5.9)              (45.5)       92.0         56.9                14.7        7,620.1        325.8
       Total comprehensive
       (loss)/income for the year
       Profit for the year                             –                       –               –                –             –             –           836.3          836.3          18.7
       Other comprehensive
       (loss)/income
       Effect of foreign
       currency translation                            –                   (0.1)         0.1               (76.0)             –     (76.0)                     –       (76.0)              –
       Other changes                                   –                   (0.7)         4.4                   –              –       3.7                      –         3.7               –
       Total comprehensive (loss)/
       income for the year,
       net of income tax                               –                  (0.8)          4.5               (76.0)             –     (72.3)              836.3          764.0          18.7
       Transfers                                       –                 (21.6)            –                   –              –     (21.6)               21.6              –             –
       Contributions by and
       distributions to owners
       Distributions on stapled securities             –                       –               –                –             –             –           (481.2)       (481.2)            –
       Distributions on Goodman PLUS                   –                       –               –                –             –             –                –             –         (18.7)
       Equity settled share based
       payments expense                            –                          –            –                   –       27.4          27.4                   –           27.4            –
       Balance at 30 June 2017               7,548.5                       (6.1)        (1.4)             (121.5)     119.4          (9.6)              391.4        7,930.3        325.8
       Total comprehensive
       (loss)/income for the year
       Profit for the year                             –                       –               –                –             –             –           915.7          915.7            4.6
       Other comprehensive
       (loss)/income
       Effect of foreign
       currency translation                            –                   (0.4)        (0.1)             217.6               –     217.1                      –       217.1               –
       Other changes                                   –                   (0.4)         3.0                  –               –       2.6                      –         2.6               –
       Total comprehensive
       (loss)/income for the
       year, net of income tax                         –                   (0.8)         2.9              217.6               –     219.7               915.7        1,135.4            4.6
       Transfers                                       –                      –            –                  –               –         –                 (1.2)          (1.2)          1.2
       Contributions by and
       distributions to owners
       Dividends/distributions
       on stapled securities                           –                       –               –                –             –             –           (504.2)       (504.2)             –
       Distributions on Goodman PLUS                   –                       –               –                –             –             –                –             –           (4.6)
       Equity settled share
       based payments expense                      –                          –            –                   –       30.9          30.9                   –           30.9            –
       Repurchase of Goodman PLUS                  –                          –            –                   –          –             –                   –              –       (327.0)
       Balance at 30 June 2018               7,548.5                       (6.9)         1.5                96.1      150.3         241.0               801.7        8,591.2            –

       (c) Other non-controlling interests
       Goodman PLUS Trust, a controlled entity of the Trust, had on issue 3.27 million hybrid securities with a face value of $100 per security
       (Goodman PLUS) that met the definition of equity and were presented as other non-controlling interests. Goodman PLUS were
       preferred, perpetual non-call securities, listed on the ASX. During the year, all the Goodman PLUS on issue were repurchased, at par,
       by the Group. Costs of $1.2 million incurred on the original issue of Goodman PLUS were transferred to retained earnings following
       the repurchase.
            Goodman and GIT
       				2018          2017
       				 $M            $M
       Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                                                      325.8              325.8
       Profit attributable to other non-controlling interests                                                                                                       4.6               18.7
       Distributions paid and payable to holders of Goodman PLUS                                                                                                   (4.6)             (18.7)
       Repurchase of Goodman PLUS                                                                                                                               (327.0)                  –
       Transfers to retained earnings on repurchase of Goodman PLUS                                                                                                 1.2                  –
       Balance at the end of the year                                                                                                                                 –             325.8
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                        121




                    Other items continued
                    19. CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                    Controlled entities are entities controlled by the Company. Under Australian Accounting Standards, the Company is identified as having
                    acquired control over the assets of the Trust and GLHK. The consolidated financial statements incorporate the assets and liabilities of
                    all controlled entities as at 30 June 2018 and the results of all such entities for the year ended 30 June 2018.




For personal use only
                    Where an entity either began or ceased to be controlled during the financial year, the results of that entity are included only from or to
                    the date control commenced or ceased.
                    Unrealised gains and losses and inter-entity balances resulting from transactions with or between controlled entities are eliminated in
                    full on consolidation.
                    The significant controlled entities of the Company are set out below:
                    Significant controlled entities of Goodman Limited                                                  Country of establishment/incorporation
                    GA Industrial Portfolio Trust                                                                                                     Australia
                    Goodman Australia Finance Pty Limited1                                                                                            Australia
                    Goodman Capital Trust1                                                                                                            Australia
                    Goodman Europe Development Trust1                                                                                                 Australia
                    Goodman Finance Australia Trust1                                                                                                  Australia
                    Goodman Funding Pty Limited1                                                                                                      Australia
                    Goodman Funds Management Australia Limited                                                                                        Australia
                    Goodman Funds Management Limited                                                                                                  Australia
                    Goodman Industrial Funds Management Limited                                                                                       Australia
                    Goodman Industrial Trust                                                                                                          Australia
                    Goodman Property Services (Aust) Pty Limited                                                                                      Australia
                    Goodman Treasury Trust1                                                                                                           Australia
                    Goodman Ultimo Trust1                                                                                                             Australia
                    Moorabbin Airport Corporation Pty Ltd                                                                                             Australia
                    Goodman Belgium NV                                                                                                                Belgium
                    Goodman Management Services (Belgium) NV                                                                                          Belgium
                    Goodman China Asset Management Limited                                                                                      Cayman Islands
                    Goodman China Developments                                                                                                  Cayman Islands
                    Goodman Developments Asia                                                                                                   Cayman Islands
                    MGI HK Finance1                                                                                                             Cayman Islands
                    Goodman Management Consulting (Beijing) Co. Ltd                                                                                      China
                    Goodman Management Consulting (Shanghai) Co. Ltd                                                                                     China
                    Goodman Czech Republic sro                                                                                                  Czech Republic
                    Goodman France Sàrl                                                                                                                France
                    Goodman Germany GmbH                                                                                                             Germany
                    GFM Hong Kong Limited                                                                                                          Hong Kong
                    Goodman Asia Limited                                                                                                           Hong Kong
                    Goodman China Limited                                                                                                          Hong Kong
                    Goodman Hong Kong Investment Trust                                                                                             Hong Kong
                    Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited                                                                                                 Hong Kong
                    GPS Hong Kong Limited                                                                                                          Hong Kong
                    Goodman Hungary Kft                                                                                                               Hungary
                    Goodman Italy S.R.L.                                                                                                                   Italy
                    Goodman Japan Funds Limited                                                                                                         Japan
                    Goodman Japan Limited                                                                                                               Japan
                    Goodman Eastside Locks 1 (Jersey) Ltd1                                                                                              Jersey
                    Goodman Finance (Jersey) Limited1                                                                                                   Jersey
                    GELF Management (Lux) Sàrl                                                                                                    Luxembourg
                    Goodman Europe (Lux) Sàrl                                                                                                     Luxembourg
                    Goodman Finance (Lux) Sàrl1                                                                                                   Luxembourg
                    Goodman Finance Two (Lux) Sàrl1                                                                                               Luxembourg
                    Goodman Management Holdings (Lux) Sàrl                                                                                        Luxembourg
                    Goodman Meadow Logistics Sàrl                                                                                                 Luxembourg
                    Goodman Midnight Logistics (Lux) Sàrl                                                                                         Luxembourg
                    Goodman Property Opportunities (Lux) Sàrl, SICAR                                                                              Luxembourg
                    Goodman Rowan Logistics S.à.r.l                                                                                               Luxembourg
                    GPO Advisory (Lux) Sàrl                                                                                                       Luxembourg
                    Goodman Finance NZ Limited1                                                                                                   New Zealand
                    Goodman Holdings (NZ) Limited                                                                                                 New Zealand
                    Goodman Investment Holdings (NZ) Limited                                                                                      New Zealand
                    Goodman (NZ) Limited                                                                                                          New Zealand
                    Goodman Property Services (NZ) Limited                                                                                        New Zealand
                    Goodman (Wynyard Precinct) Limited                                                                                            New Zealand
                    Goodman Poland Sp zoo                                                                                                              Poland
                    Goodman Slovakia sro                                                                                                              Slovakia
                  1. Significant controlled entities of Goodman Industrial Trust.
       122                                                                     goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Other items continued
       19. CONTROLLED ENTITIES CONTINUED
       Significant controlled entities of Goodman Limited                                                           Country of establishment/incorporation
       Goodman Galaxy Holding BV                                                                                                            The Netherlands
       Goodman Netherlands BV                                                                                                               The Netherlands




For personal use only
       Sugar Maple Logistics BV                                                                                                             The Netherlands
       B Logistics 1 Limited                                                                                                                United Kingdom
       Eastside Locks Property Company LLP                                                                                                  United Kingdom
       Goodman Eastside Locks UK Ltd                                                                                                        United Kingdom
       Goodman Logistics Developments (UK) Limited                                                                                          United Kingdom
       Goodman Logistics Management (UK) Limited                                                                                            United Kingdom
       Goodman Operator (UK) Limited                                                                                                        United Kingdom
       Goodman Real Estate Adviser (UK) Limited                                                                                             United Kingdom
       Goodman Real Estate (UK) Limited                                                                                                     United Kingdom
       Goodman UK Limited                                                                                                                   United Kingdom
       Goodman Management USA Inc                                                                                                             United States
       Goodman US Finance One, LLC1                                                                                                           United States
       Goodman US Finance Two, LLC1                                                                                                           United States
       Goodman US Finance Three, LLC1                                                                                                         United States
       Goodman US Finance Four, LLC1                                                                                                          United States
       Goodman US Finance Five, LLC1                                                                                                          United States
       Tarpon Properties REIT Inc1                                                                                                            United States
     1. Significant controlled entities of Goodman Industrial Trust.

       20. RELATED PARTIES
       The names of key management personnel of Goodman at any time during the financial year are as follows:
       Non-Executive Directors                                    Executive Directors
       Mr Ian Ferrier AM                                          Mr Gregory Goodman
       Mr Philip Fan1                                             Mr Anthony Rozic
       Mr John Harkness1                                          Mr Danny Peeters
       Mr Stephen Johns                                           Other executives
       Ms Anne Keating1                                           Mr Nick Kurtis
       Ms Rebecca McGrath                                         Mr Nick Vrondas
       Mr Phillip Pryke                                           Mr Michael O'Sullivan3.
       Mr Jim Sloman, OAM
       Ms Penny Winn2
     1. Mr Philip Fan, Mr John Harkness and Ms Anne Keating ceased to be key management personnel effective 16 November 2017.
     2. Ms Penny Winn commenced as a key management person effective 1 February 2018.
     3. Mr Michael O’Sullivan commenced as a key management person effective 1 July 2017. Mr Jason Little was a key management person in FY17 but ceased
        to be a key management person effective 1 July 2017.

       Remuneration of key management personnel
       The key management personnel remuneration totals are as follows:
                                                                                                          Goodman                           Company1
                                                                                                  2018              2017            2018               2017
                                                                                                   $M                $M              $M                 $M
       Short-term employee benefits                                                             6,931.5        7,139.1                  –                  –
       Post-employment benefits                                                                   222.9          225.7                  –                  –
       Equity compensation benefits                                                            23,571.4       19,716.3                  –                  –
       Long-term employee benefits                                                              3,944.6        4,867.1                  –                  –
                                                                                               34,670.4       31,948.2                  –                  –
     1. The remuneration is paid by wholly-owned controlled entities of the Company.

       GIT does not employ personnel in its own right. However, it is required to have an incorporated responsible entity to manage its
       activities and GFML is considered to be the key management personnel of GIT.
       Individual Directors’ and executives’ compensation disclosures
       Information regarding individual Directors’ and executives’ compensation and some equity instruments disclosures as required by
       Corporations Regulations 2M.3.03 is provided in the remuneration report section of the Directors’ report.
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                       123




                    Other items continued
                    20. RELATED PARTIES CONTINUED
                    Transactions with associates and JVs
                    The transactions with managed partnerships during the financial year were as follows:




For personal use only
                                                                          Goodman                                                                   GIT
                                                                                                                                   Revenue from
                                                                       Revenue from                                                  disposal of
                                   Revenue from disposal            management and        Interest charged on                        investment     Interest charged on
                                  of investment properties      development activities loans to related parties                       properties loans to related parties
                                          2018          2017          2018          2017          2018          2017          2018          2017             2018           2017
                                           $M            $M            $M            $M            $M            $M            $M            $M               $M             $M
                    Associates     211,615.8 263,331.2 526,739.9 732,529.4                       352.4         565.0       6,464.8 263,331.3                   –               –
                    JVs              53,662.2               – 345,303.2 477,814.2                428.2         236.8               –            –         132.3                –
                    In addition to the transactions disclosed above, Goodman disposed of a controlled entity to GUKP for consideration of $94,311.6
                    thousand and eight controlled entities to Goodman Brazil Logistics Partnership (GBLP) for consideration of $53,662.2 thousand.
                    Goodman and GIT also disposed of their interest in a JV to GAIP for consideration of $125,812.2 thousand.
                    Amounts due from managed partnerships at 30 June 2018 were as follows:
                                                                                    Goodman                                                         GIT
                                                                      Amounts                  Loans                            Amounts                        Loans
                                                                      due from                provided                          due from                      provided
                                                                   related parties1         by Goodman2                      related parties1                  by GIT2
                                                                  2018          2017      2018        2017                  2018          2017            2018         2017
                                                                    $M           $M        $M          $M                    $M            $M              $M           $M
                    Associates
                    GAIP                                   158,511.3       12,857.3             –             –        125,812.2               –               –               –
                    GAP                                      2,452.8        6,412.8             –             –                –               –               –               –
                    GMT                                         17.5        4,021.3             –             –                –               –               –               –
                    GHKLP                                   36,938.8        6,975.3             –             –                –               –               –               –
                    GJCP                                     2,683.3        1,593.9             –             –                –               –               –               –
                    GEP                                     22,939.6       28,851.9      21,179.2      16,894.7                –               –               –               –
                    ABPP                                           –        1,373.4             –             –                –               –               –               –
                                                           223,543.3       62,085.9      21,179.2      16,894.7        125,812.2               –               –               –
                    JVs
                    GCLP                                    57,915.6       20,762.7             –             –                –              –             –                  –
                    Other JVs                               14,183.8        9,255.5      52,575.7      18,629.6          2,864.7        4,279.1       6,575.2                  –
                                                            72,099.4       30,018.2      52,575.7      18,629.6          2,864.7        4,279.1       6,575.2                  –
                  1. Amounts due from related parties are either receivable within 30 days or on completion of the related development project.
                  2. Loans provided by Goodman and GIT to associates and JVs have been provided on an arm’s length basis. At 30 June 2018, a shareholder loan of $21.2 million
                     (2017: $16.9 million) has been provided to GEP and its controlled entities and incurs interest at 6.9% per annum.

                    Transactions between GIT and other Goodman entities
                    In accordance with the Trust’s Constitution, GFML is entitled to be reimbursed where expenses have been incurred on behalf of
                    the Trust:
                                                                                                                                                                   GIT
                    				2018                                                                                                                                                2017
                    				 $M                                                                                                                                                  $M
                    Reimbursement of expenses                                                                                                   44,521.0                 23,987.5

                    As at 30 June 2018, no amounts were owed to GFML (2017: $nil).
                    Other Goodman entities perform a number of services for GIT. The fees, costs and expenses for the services performed during the year
                    were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                                   GIT
                    				2018                                                                                                                                                2017
                    				 $M                                                                                                                                                  $M
                    Property services fees (including property management and leasing)                                                             2,014.5                2,448.4
                    Development management and project fees                                                                                          500.0                2,250.0
                    Building manager costs reimbursed                                                                                                893.8                  778.2
                    Reimbursement of expenses                                                                                                            –               24,578.2
                                                                                                                                                   3,408.3               30,054.8

                    In addition to the above, interest bearing loans exist between GIT and other Goodman entities. At 30 June 2018, interest bearing
                    loans of $3,007.8 million (2017: $2,933.3 million) were receivable by GIT from other Goodman entities and $796.0 million (2017:
                    $30.8 million) was payable by GIT to other Goodman entities. Loans to related Goodman entities bear interest at rates referenced
                    to GIT’s external funding arrangements.
       124                                                            goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Other items continued
       21. COMMITMENTS
       Goodman’s operating lease commitments (as a lessee) are set out below:
       				2018                                                                                                                                2017
       				 $M                                                                                                                                  $M




For personal use only
       Non-cancellable operating lease commitments
       Future operating lease commitments not provided for in the financial statements and payable:
       – Within one year                                                                                                     16.6              17.0
       – One year or later and no later than five years                                                                      30.6              38.7
       – Later than five years                                                                                                4.7               1.0
                                                                                                                             51.9              56.7
       Future commitments in respect of development land leased by Goodman and held as inventory.
       These amounts are not provided for in the financial statements and payable:
       – Within one year                                                                                                      1.8               1.3
       – One year or later and no later than five years                                                                      11.0               7.4
       – Later than five years                                                                                              101.4              83.4
                                                                                                                            114.2              92.1

       GIT has no operating lease commitments as a lessee (2017: $nil).
       Development activities
       At 30 June 2018, Goodman was committed to expenditure in respect of $264.3 million (2017: $290.5 million) on inventories and
       other development activities. GIT has no such commitments (2017: $nil).
       Investment properties
       At 30 June 2018, capital expenditure commitments on Goodman’s existing investment property portfolio was $16.9 million
       (2017: $72.3 million). GIT has no such commitments (2017: $nil).
       Managed partnerships
       At 30 June 2018, Goodman had a remaining equity commitment of $63.2 million (2017: $96.2 million) into GEP. This commitment also
       applies to GIT.
       In relation to GAIP and GEP, Goodman offers limited liquidity facilities to investors, which allow the investors to sell to Goodman some
       or all of their investment in the managed partnerships. Limits apply to these liquidity facilities and Goodman is only required to offer to
       purchase up to $7.5 million of the issued capital of GAIP each quarter and EUR 25 million of the issued capital of GEP each half year.
       Furthermore, Goodman is only required to purchase units where its co-investment in GAIP or GEP is either below a prescribed limit or
       a maximum amount of liquidity has been provided. Currently, Goodman’s interest (together with its custodian’s interest) in GAIP and
       GEP is below the prescribed limit and both liquidity facilities are open for investors. The commitment under the liquidity facility also
       applies to GIT.
       Furthermore, in respect of certain partnerships, Goodman and its investment partners have committed to invest further capital, subject
       to the unanimous approval by the partners of the relevant property acquisition and/or development for which the funding is required.
       Goodman’s commitment in respect of these partnerships is set out below:
       + $371.8 million (2017: $396.5 million) into GJDP;
       + $396.0 million (2017: $505.1 million) into GCLP;
       + $269.7 million (2017: $299.4 million) into GUKP;
       + $1,406.7 million (2017: $798.7 million) into GNAP; and
       + $875.2 million (2017: $nil) into GBLP.
       GIT would contribute its proportionate share of investments in GNAP and GBLP.
                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                         125




                    Other items continued
                    22. AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
                                                                                                             Goodman                         GIT
                                                                                                   2018                 2017        2018              2017
                                                                                                    $M                   $M          $M                $M




For personal use only
                    Audit services
                    Auditor of the Company:
                    – Audit and review of financial reports (KPMG Australia)                   884.9                878.3          443.5             434.1
                    – Audit and review of financial reports (overseas KPMG firms)              850.6                966.2           59.8              97.8
                                                                                             1,735.5              1,844.5          503.3             531.9
                    Other services
                    – Other regulatory services (KPMG Australia)                                53.3                 47.7           35.0              47.7
                    – Other assurance services (KPMG Australia)                                300.5                300.0          300.5             300.0
                    – Other advisory services (KPMG Australia)                                  25.0                154.6              –              58.8
                    – Taxation compliance services (KPMG Australia)                            103.7                170.8           74.0             132.4
                    – Taxation compliance services (overseas KPMG firms)                       158.5                165.5              –               6.3
                    – Taxation advice (KPMG Australia)                                          25.5                 36.1           15.4                 –
                    – Taxation advice (overseas KPMG firms)                                    117.4                 68.8              –                 –
                                                                                               783.9                943.5          424.9             545.2
                    Total paid/payable to KPMG                                               2,519.4              2,788.0          928.2           1,077.1
                    Other auditors
                    – Audit and review of financial reports (non–KPMG firms)                       81.8                108.9            –                 –

                    23. PARENT ENTITY DISCLOSURES
                    As at, and throughout the financial year ended 30 June 2018, the parent entities of Goodman and GIT were Goodman Limited and
                    Goodman Industrial Trust respectively. The financial information for the parent entities is disclosed as follows:
                                                                                                     Goodman Limited             Goodman Industrial Trust
                                                                                                   2018           2017             2018             2017
                                                                                                    $M             $M                $M               $M
                    Result of the parent entity
                    Dividends/distributions from investments                                        11.9                50.0       672.7             747.7
                    Net loss on disposal of investments                                                 –                   –           –           (135.0)
                    Other expenses                                                                   (0.6)               (1.0)      (77.1)          (418.3)
                    Interest expense                                                               (28.1)              (46.1)       (13.3)            (77.7)
                    Foreign exchange gain/(loss)                                                      2.3              (35.3)       (10.2)             19.9
                    (Loss)/profit before tax                                                       (14.5)              (32.4)      572.1             136.6
                    Income tax benefit/(expense)                                                    52.2                 (2.7)      (19.9)            (12.9)
                    Profit/(loss) for the year                                                      37.7               (35.0)      552.2             123.7
                    Other comprehensive income for the year                                             –                   –           –                 –
                    Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                  37.7               (35.0)      552.2             123.7
                    Financial position of the parent entity at year end
                    Current assets                                                              46.1                109.4        2,910.3           1,146.7
                    Total assets                                                             1,471.5              1,743.2        7,088.8           4,826.4
                    Current liabilities                                                      1,424.5              1,752.6          155.2             224.8
                    Total liabilities                                                        1,424.5              1,752.6        2,261.4             236.6
                    Total equity of the parent entity comprising:
                    Issued capital                                                                 741.9            728.8         7,381.3           7,310.5
                    Profits reserve                                                                 90.7             90.7           129.3             100.4
                    Employee compensation reserve                                                   19.4             13.8               –                 –
                    Accumulated losses                                                            (805.0)          (842.7)       (2,683.2)         (2,821.1)
                    Total equity                                                                    47.0             (9.4)        4,827.4           4,589.8
       126                                                             goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Other items continued                                                    24. EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO BALANCE DATE
       23. PARENT ENTITY DISCLOSURES CONTINUED                                  Goodman and GIT
       The financial information for the parent entities of Goodman and         Other than as disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial
       GIT has been prepared on the same basis as the consolidated              statements, there has not arisen in the interval between the
       financial statements, except as set out below:                           end of the financial year and the date of this consolidated
                                                                                financial report any item, transaction or event of a material and




For personal use only
       Investments in controlled entities                                       unusual nature likely, in the opinion of the Directors, to affect
       and managed partnerships                                                 significantly the operations of Goodman and GIT, the results of
       Investments in controlled entities and managed partnerships are          those operations, or the state of affairs of Goodman and GIT,
       accounted for at cost in the financial statements of Goodman             in future financial years.
       Limited and Goodman Industrial Trust. Distributions/dividends
       received from managed partnerships are recognised in profit or
       loss, rather than being deducted from the carrying amount of
       these investments.
       Tax consolidation
       Goodman Limited is the head entity in a tax consolidated group
       comprising all Australian wholly-owned subsidiaries (this excludes
       GIT). The head entity recognises all of the current tax assets and
       liabilities of the tax consolidated group (after elimination of intra-
       group transactions).
       Financial guarantees
       Where the parent entities have provided financial guarantees
       in relation to loans and payables of controlled entities for no
       compensation, the fair values of these guarantees are accounted
       for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of
       the investment.
       Parent entity capital commitments
       At 30 June 2018, the parent entities had no capital commitments
       (2017: $nil).
       Parent entity contingencies
       Capitalisation Deed Poll
       The Company, GFML, as responsible entity of the Trust,
       GLHK and certain of their wholly-owned controlled entities are
       “investors” under a Capitalisation Deed Poll (CDP) dated 23 May
       2007. Under the CDP, each investor undertakes to pay to the
       relevant controlled entity borrower (borrower) any amounts owing
       under finance documents for the purpose of the CDP when the
       borrower fails to make a payment. Any payments by an investor
       to a borrower will be by way of loan to, or proceeds for the
       subscription of equity in, the borrower by the investor.
       Euro medium-term note programme
       Under the Euro medium-term note programme (refer to note
       12(d)), Goodman Australia Finance Pty Limited, a controlled entity
       of GIT, had on issue £121.0 million notes at a fixed coupon of
       9.75% per annum. GFML, as responsible entity of the Trust, and
       GLHK and GL had unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed
       on a joint and several basis the payment of principal and interest
       in respect of these notes. Subsequent to the end of the financial
       year, interest has been paid and the notes repaid in full.
       United States and Reg S senior notes
       Under the issue of notes in the United States 144A/Reg S bond
       market (refer to notes 12(e) and 12(f)), controlled entities of GIT
       had on issue USD and EUR notes amounting to US$1,303.8
       million and €500.0 million respectively. GL, GFML, as responsible
       entity of the Trust, and GLHK have unconditionally and irrevocably
       guaranteed on a joint and several basis the payment of principal
       and interest in respect of each of the notes.
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                        127



                    DIRECTORS’ DECLARATION
                    Goodman Group



                    In the opinion of the directors of Goodman Limited and the directors of Goodman Funds Management Limited, the responsible entity
                    for Goodman Industrial Trust:
                    (a)	the consolidated financial statements and the notes of Goodman Limited and its controlled entities and Goodman Industrial Trust
                         and its controlled entities set out on pages 71 to 126 and the remuneration report that is contained on pages 44 to 65 in the
                         Directors’ report, are in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001, including:




For personal use only
                        (i)	giving a true and fair view of Goodman’s and GIT’s financial position as at 30 June 2018 and of their performance for the
                             financial year ended on that date; and
                        (ii)	complying with Australian Accounting Standards (including Australian Accounting Interpretations) and the Corporations
                              Regulations 2001; and
                    (b)	there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company and the Trust will be able to pay their debts as and when they become
                         due and payable.
                    The Directors have been given the declarations required by section 295A of the Corporations Act 2001 from the Group Chief Executive
                    Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the financial year ended 30 June 2018.
                    The Directors draw attention to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, which includes a statement of compliance with
                    International Financial Reporting Standards.
                    Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.




                    Ian Ferrier AM                                      Gregory Goodman
                    Independent Chairman                                Group Chief Executive Officer
                    Sydney, 17 August 2018
       128                                                                          goodmAn grouP



       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
       To the stapled security holders of Goodman Group and the unitholders of Goodman Industrial Trust




       REPORT ON THE AUDITS OF THE FINANCIAL REPORT                                        Basis for opinions
       Opinions                                                                            We conducted our audits in accordance with Australian Auditing
       We have audited the Financial Report of Goodman Limited (the                        Standards. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained




For personal use only
       Company) as the deemed parent presenting the stapled security                       is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinions.
       arrangement of the Goodman Group (the Goodman Group
       Financial Report).                                                                  Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in
                                                                                           the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audits of the Financial Report
       We have also audited the Financial Statements of Goodman                            section of our report.
       Industrial Trust (the Trust Financial Report).
                                                                                           We are independent of the Goodman Group, Goodman Limited,
       In our opinion, each of the accompanying Goodman Group                              Goodman Funds Management Limited (the Responsible Entity of
       Financial Report and Trust Financial Report are in accordance                       the Trust), and the Trust in accordance with the Corporations Act
       with the Corporations Act 2001, including:                                          2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional
                                                                                           and Ethical Standards Board’s APES 110 Code of Ethics for
       + giving a true and fair view of the Goodman Group’s and of                         Professional Accountants (the Code) that are relevant to our
         the Trust’s financial position as at 30 June 2018 and of its                      audits of the Financial Report in Australia. We have fulfilled our
         financial performance for the year ended on that date; and                        other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.
       + complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the
         Corporations Regulations 2001.                                                    Key Audit Matters
       The content of each of the Goodman Group and Trust Financial                        The Key Audit Matters we identified for the Goodman Group are:
       Report comprise:                                                                    + Recognition of development income;
       + Consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2018                   + Valuation of investment properties, investments accounted
       + Consolidated income statement, Consolidated statement of                            for using the equity method and inventories;
         comprehensive income, Consolidated statement of changes                           + Value of intangible assets; and
         in equity, and Consolidated cash flow statement for the year                      + Recognition of performance fee income and expenses.
         then ended                                                                        Key Audit Matters are those matters that, in our professional
       + Notes including a summary of significant accounting policies                      judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the Financial
         (collectively referred to as Financial Statements)                                Report of the current period.
       + Directors’ Declaration.
                                                                                           These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
       The Goodman Group consists of Goodman Limited and the                               Financial Report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
       entities it controlled at the year-end or from time to time during                  and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.
       the financial year, Goodman Industrial Trust (the Trust) and the
       entities it controlled at the year end or from time to time during
       the financial year, and Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited and the
       entities it controlled at the year end or from time to time during
       the financial year.




       KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network               Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
       of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative
       (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                           129




                        Recognition of development income ($1,115.8m)




For personal use only
                        Refer to Note 2 to the Financial Report

                        The key audit matter                                               How the matter was addressed in our audit

                        Development income was a key audit matter due to:                  Our procedures included:
                        + its significant value (42% of Revenue);                          + Selecting specific contracts from development income
                        + the volume of transactions; and                                    recognised (in relation to contracts that remain in progress
                        + the judgements applied by us to assess the Goodman                 at period end) based on quantitative and qualitative
                          Group’s determination of revenue recognised during the             information (such as the size and complexity of the
                          period in relation to contracts which remain in progress at        arrangement); and
                          period end.                                                      + Evaluating Goodman Group’s recognition of development
                                                                                             fee income against the criteria in the accounting standards.
                        Development income comprises income from disposal of
                        inventories, fee income from development management                For the specific contracts selected, our procedures included:
                        contracts and income from fixed price construction contracts.
                                                                                           + Understanding the underlying contractual arrangements, in
                        Income from development management services is recognised            particular their unique terms;
                        progressively, requiring judgment by us when considering the       + Where recognition of development income is conditional upon
                        Goodman Group’s determination of the amount and extent of            certain events occurring, checking correspondence with
                        the services provided based on contract deliverables.                external parties for evidence of achievement of conditions;
                                                                                           + Assessing the Goodman Group’s determination of revenue
                        Income from certain inventory disposals and fixed price              recognised during the period in accordance with the
                        construction contracts is recognised in proportion to the stage      provision of services stipulated in the underlying contract or
                        of completion of the relevant contracts. We focused on the           the stage of completion; and
                        stage of completion estimation which is based on costs incurred    + For revenue recognised based on the stage of completion,
                        as a percentage of estimated total costs for each contract.          assessing a sample of costs incurred to date and total
                                                                                             forecast costs against project feasibilities. We tested
                                                                                             project feasibilities in the “Valuation of inventories” key
                                                                                             audit matter below.
       130                                                            goodmAn grouP



       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
       To the stapled security holders of Goodman Group and the unitholders of Goodman Industrial Trust




         Valuation of investment properties ($1,774.6m), investments accounted for using the equity method ($6,585.5m)
         and inventories ($958.0m)




For personal use only
         Refer to Note 6 to the Financial Report

         The key audit matter                                                How the matter was addressed in our audit

         The valuations of property assets is a key audit matter as they     Our procedures included:
         are significant in value (being 69% of total assets) and contain
         assumptions with estimation uncertainty.                            + Understanding the Goodman Group’s process regarding
                                                                               the valuation of property assets; and
         These estimates lead to additional audit effort due to differing    + Testing controls for preparing, reviewing and approving the
         assumptions based on asset classes and geographies.                   valuations based on the Goodman Group’s policies. We
                                                                               assessed these policies and the Goodman Group’s method
         The Goodman Group’s investments in property assets include            of application against the accounting standards.
         investment properties and inventories, which are held either
         directly or through its investments accounted for using the         For a sample of investment properties:
         equity method.
                                                                             + Assessing the scope, competence and objectivity of
         Valuations of property assets are performed using internal            external valuation experts and competence of internal
         valuation methodologies or through the use of external                valuers; and
         valuation experts.                                                  + Taking into account the geographies and characteristics
                                                                               of individual investment properties, we challenged key
         The valuations of property assets include a number of                 assumptions by comparing to commentary published
         significant assumptions:                                              by industry experts, recent market transactions and our
         + Investment properties:                                              knowledge of historical performance of the assets. Where
            – capitalisation rates;                                           these assumptions were outside our expectations, we
            – market rental yields;                                           inquired with management to understand why and checked
            – vacancy levels;                                                 to underlying documentation.
            – projections of capital expenditure; and
            – lease incentive costs.                                        For a sample of inventories:
         + Inventories:
            – forecast capitalisation rates;                                + Challenging the key assumptions included in the Goodman
            – market rental yields;                                           Group’s internal recoverability assessments (project
            – letting up periods;                                             feasibilities) and valuations by comparing to commentary
            – lease incentive costs; and                                      published by industry experts, recent market transactions,
            – development costs.                                              and our knowledge of historical performance of the assets.
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                           131




                        Value of intangible assets ($816.7m)




For personal use only
                        Refer to Note 10 to the Financial Report

                        The key audit matter                                               How the matter was addressed in our audit

                        At 30 June 2018 the Goodman Group’s intangible assets              Our procedures included:
                        comprised goodwill and management rights. The valuation of
                        intangible assets was identified as a key audit matter as the      + Understanding and assessing the Goodman Group’s
                        Goodman Group’s annual impairment assessment contains                process and methodology to value intangible assets in light
                        significant judgments involving forecasting and discounting          of the requirements of the accounting standards;
                        future cash flows.                                                 + Understanding the Goodman Group’s budgeting process
                                                                                             to evaluate the assumptions upon which the cash flow
                        The impairment assessment is based on the value in use model         forecasts are based;
                        performed for each division of the Goodman Group. The value in     + For divisions with significant intangible assets:
                        use models incorporate significant judgment in respect of future     – Working with our valuation specialists, evaluating the
                        conditions and assumptions such as:                                     discount rates and terminal growth rates used in the value
                                                                                                in use models by comparing to publicly available data of
                        + discount rates, which are complicated in nature and vary              comparable entities;
                          according to the local market conditions the specific division     – Assessing the ability of the Goodman Group to accurately
                          is subject to; and                                                    forecast by comparing previous forecasts to actual results;
                        + forecast cash flows, which are impacted by;                        – Comparing the division’s forecast cash flows contained in
                          – the level and margins of ongoing development activity; and         the value in use models to Board approved forecasts;
                          – forecast funds management income (which is primarily            – Challenging the divisions forecast cash flows from
                             dependent on assets under management).                             development activity and funds management based on our
                        We involved valuation specialists to supplement our senior audit        understanding of local market conditions; and
                        team members in assessing this key audit matter.                     – Performing a sensitivity analysis on the discount rates,
                                                                                                growth rates and forecast assets under management by
                                                                                                applying a reasonably possible range of outcomes to focus
                                                                                                our further procedures.
       132                                                             goodmAn grouP



       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
       To the stapled security holders of Goodman Group and the unitholders of Goodman Industrial Trust




         Recognition of performance fee income and expenses




For personal use only
         Refer to Consolidated Income Statement

         The key audit matter                                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit

         The Goodman Group, in its capacity as an investment manager,           Our procedures included:
         has the ability to earn portfolio performance fees from its
         managed partnerships.                                                  + Reading agreements with managed partnerships to
                                                                                  understand the key terms related to performance fees;
         There are two accounting considerations for the performance fees:      + Evaluating Goodman Group’s methodology regarding the
                                                                                  computation of performance fee income and expenses
         + Performance fee income – fees received by the Goodman                  against the criteria in the accounting standards; and
           Group from managed partnerships; and                                 + For a sample of significant performance fees:
         + Performance fee expense – the Goodman Group’s share of                 – Assessing the Goodman Group’s computation of the
           the expense recognised in the managed partnerships.                       performance fee income and expense based on our
         Recognition of performance fee income and expense is                        understanding of the underlying managed partnership
         considered a key audit matter due to the judgment involved in               agreements;
         assessing the quantum of performance fees to be recognised               – Assessing the probability of economic benefits flowing to the
         and accrued for at period end.                                              Goodman Group based on current and forecast partnership
                                                                                     performance; and
         The Goodman Group is entitled to receive performance fee                 – Challenging the key assumptions used in the Goodman
         income at a set date in the future with respect to certain                  Group’s computation of forecast performance by comparing
         managed partnerships.                                                       to internal data and commentary published by industry
         The managed partnerships of the Goodman Group are required                  experts, recent market transactions and/or historical
         to recognise performance fee expense when it is probable an                 performance of the assets.
         outflow of economic benefits will occur at a set date in the future.
         The performance fee expenses are based on forecast returns
         made by the managed partnerships which require significant
         judgments to be made by the Goodman Group.
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                          133




                    Other Information                                                     Auditor’s responsibilities for the audits
                    Other Information is financial and non-financial information in the   of the Financial Report
                    Goodman Group’s annual reporting which is provided in addition        Our objective is:




For personal use only
                    to the Financial Report and the Auditor’s Report. The Directors
                    of the Company and the Directors of the Responsible Entity            + to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the Financial
                    are responsible for the Other Information.                              Report, and the respective financial statements as a whole,
                                                                                            are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
                    The Other Information we obtained prior to the date of this             error; and
                    Auditor’s Report was the Directors’ Report (including the             + to issue an Auditor’s Report that includes our opinions.
                    Remuneration Report). The Chairman’s Letter, Group Chief
                    Executive Officer’s Report, Corporate Responsibility and              Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
                    Sustainability, Corporate Governance and Securities Information       guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Australian
                    are expected to be made available to us after the date of the         Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement
                    Auditor’s Report.                                                     when it exists.

                    Our opinions on the Financial Report do not cover the Other           Misstatements can arise from fraud or error. They are considered
                    Information and, accordingly, we do not and will not express          material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
                    an audit opinion or any form of assurance conclusion thereon,         be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken
                    with the exception of the Remuneration Report and our related         on the basis of the Financial Report.
                    assurance opinion.                                                    A further description of our responsibilities for the audits of
                    In connection with our audits of the Financial Report, our            the Financial Report is located at the Auditing and Assurance
                    responsibility is to read the Other Information. In doing so, we      Standards Board website at: http://www.auasb.gov.au/auditors_
                    consider whether the Other Information is materially inconsistent     responsibilities/ar1.pdf. This description forms part of our
                    with the Financial Report or our knowledge obtained in the audits,    Auditor’s Report.
                    or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.                      Report on the Remuneration Report
                    We are required to report if we conclude that there is a material     Opinion
                    misstatement of this Other Information, and based on the work         In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Goodman Limited for
                    we have performed on the Other Information that we obtained           the year ended 30 June 2018, complies with Section 300A of the
                    prior to the date of this Auditor’s Report we have nothing            Corporations Act 2001.
                    to report.
                                                                                          Directors’ responsibilities
                    Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report            The Directors of the Goodman Limited are responsible for the
                    The Directors of the Company and the Responsible Entity are           preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report in
                    responsible for:                                                      accordance with Section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001.
                    + preparing the Financial Report that gives a true and fair view      Our responsibilities
                      in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the          We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 44
                      Corporations Act 2001;                                              to 65 of the Directors’ report for the year ended 30 June 2018.
                    + implementing necessary internal controls to enable the
                      preparation of a Financial Report that gives a true and fair        Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration
                      view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to         Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with
                      fraud or error; and                                                 Australian Auditing Standards.
                    + assessing the Goodman Group and Trust’s ability to continue
                      as a going concern and whether the use of the going
                      concern basis of accounting is appropriate. This includes
                      disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern
                      and using the going concern basis of accounting unless they
                      either intend to liquidate the Goodman Group or the Trust
                      or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but
                      to do so.
                                                                                          KPMG




                                                                                          John Teer
                                                                                          Partner
                                                                                          Sydney
                                                                                          17 August 2018
       134                                                      goodmAn grouP



       APPENDIX A – GOODMAN LOGISTICS (HK) LIMITED
       Consolidated financial statements for the year ended 30 June 2018



       CONTENTS                                                            Notes to the consolidated financial statements
       Report of the directors                                   135       Basis of preparation
       Independent auditor’s report                              141        1. Basis of preparation                                     147
       Consolidated statement of financial position              143       Results for the year




For personal use only
       Consolidated statement of comprehensive income            144        2. Profit before interest and tax                            149
       Consolidated statement of changes in equity               145        3. Segment reporting                                         150
                                                                            4. Income tax expense                                        152
       Consolidated cash flow statement                          146
                                                                            5. Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company 153
                                                                           Operating assets and liabilities
                                                                            6. Property assets                                          153
                                                                            7. Receivables                                              158
                                                                            8. Payables                                                 159
                                                                           Capital management
                                                                            9. Finance income and expense                               159
                                                                           10. Other financial assets                                   160
                                                                           11. Financial risk management                                160
                                                                           12. Dividends                                                162
                                                                           13. Share capital                                            163
                                                                           Other items
                                                                           14. Notes to the consolidated cash flow statement            165
                                                                           15. Reserves                                                 166
                                                                           16. Retained earnings                                        166
                                                                           17. Investments in subsidiaries                              166
                                                                           18. Related party transactions                               167
                                                                           19. Commitments                                              168
                                                                           20. Contingencies                                            168
                                                                           21. Company level statement of financial position            169
                                                                           22. Subsequent events                                        169
                                                                           23. Comparative figures                                      169
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                         135



                    REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

                    The directors have pleasure in submitting their annual financial       DIRECTORS
                    report together with the audited financial statements of Goodman       The directors during the year and up to the date of this
                    Logistics (HK) Limited (“the Company”) and its subsidiaries            report were:
                    (collectively referred to as the “Consolidated Entity”) for the year
                    ended 30 June 2018 (“FY18”).                                           Ian Douglas Ferrier, AM
                                                                                           David Jeremy Collins (appointed on 1 February 2018)




For personal use only
                    INCORPORATION AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
                                                                                           Philip Yan Hok Fan (retired on 16 November 2017)
                    Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited was incorporated in Hong Kong
                    on 18 January 2012 and has its principal place of business at          Gregory Leith Goodman (appointed on 16 November 2017,
                    Suite 901, Three Pacific Place, 1 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong.        resigned on 1 February 2018 and appointed alternate director
                                                                                           to Ian Douglas Ferrier)
                    On 22 August 2012, the Company became a party to the stapling          Daniel Cornelius D Peeters (appointed on 1 February 2018)
                    deed with Goodman Limited (“GL”) and Goodman Industrial Trust
                    (“GIT”), and together the three entities and their subsidiaries are    DIRECTORS OF CONTROLLED ENTITIES
                    known as Goodman Group. Goodman Group is listed on the                 The names of directors who have served on the boards of
                    Australian Securities Exchange (“ASX”).                                the controlled entities of the Company during the year ended
                    PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES                                                   30 June 2018 are set out below:
                    The principal activities of the Consolidated Entity are investment     Godfrey Abel           David Anthony          Dominique Prince
                    in directly and indirectly held industrial property, investment                               Hinchey
                                                                                           Philippe Arfi                                 Joseph Salvaggio
                    management, property management services and development                                      Garcia Cuenca
                    management. The principal activities and other particulars             Hugh Baggie            Ignacio                Kim Swee Seah
                    of the subsidiaries are set out in note 17 to the consolidated
                                                                                           Marwan Bustani         Hove Izak              Hong Shen
                    financial statements.
                                                                                           Tai Yit Chan           Henry Kelly            Cheng Lin Sim
                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                    The financial performance of the Consolidated Entity for the year      Edwin Chong Chee       István Kerekes         Lien Standaert
                    ended 30 June 2018 and the Consolidated Entity’s financial             Wai
                                                                                                                  Nicholas Kurtis        Ai Ning Tan
                    position at that date are set out in the consolidated financial        Blazej Andrzej
                    report on pages 143 to 146.                                            Ciesielczak            Wai Ho Stephen Lee Philippe Van
                                                                                                                                     der Beken
                    During the year, the Company declared a final dividend of              John Morton Dakin      Shiling Li
                    5.0 cents per share amounting to $90.0 million. The dividend                                                     Emmanuel Van
                    is payable out of FY18 profit after tax. In the prior year, the        Karl Dockx             Chi Wing Lin       der Stichele
                    Company declared and paid a final dividend of 1.0 cent per share
                                                                                           Chun Kit Fung          Bart Manteleers        Simone Marlene
                    amounting to $17.8 million relating to performance in FY16.
                                                                                                                                         Weyermanns
                                                                                           Kristoffer Allan       Jan Palek
                    SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                           Harvey                                        Jie Yang
                    Details of the movements in share capital of the Company                                      Christof Prange
                    during the year are set out in note 13 to the consolidated                                                           Xiaoyin Zhang
                    financial statements.                                                  STATE OF AFFAIRS
                                                                                           There were no significant changes in the Consolidated Entity’s
                                                                                           state of affairs during the year.
       136                                                             goodmAn grouP



       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
       Continued



       BUSINESS REVIEW                                                        PERFORMANCE REVIEW
       Goodman Group’s strategy                                               The key performance indicators relate to the property investment,
       Goodman Group’s vision is to be a global leader in industrial          development and management activities associated with
       property. This vision is executed through the integrated               Goodman Group’s integrated business model. These income
       “own+develop+manage” business capabilities.                            streams exist within each of Goodman Group’s geographical
                                                                              segments, being Australia and New Zealand, Asia, Continental




For personal use only
                                                                              Europe, the United Kingdom and the Americas. The results of the
                                                                              Consolidated Entity include property investment, development
                                                                              and management earnings in Asia, Continental Europe and the
                                                                              United Kingdom.
                                                                                                                           2018             2017
                                                                                                                            $M               $M
                                                                              Analysis of operating earnings
                                                                              Property investment                          41.6             30.4
                                                                              Development                                 204.9           233.9
                                                                              Management                                  149.5             98.0
                                                                              Operating expenses                         (104.1)           (97.4)
                                                                              Operating earnings before net finance
                                                                              expense and income tax expense              291.9           264.9

                                                                              Operating earnings comprises profit attributable to Shareholders
                                                                              adjusted for property valuations, impairment losses and other
                                                                              non-cash adjustments or non-recurring items. While operating
                                                                              earnings is not an income measure under Hong Kong Financial
                                                                              Reporting Standards, the directors consider it a useful means
                                                                              through which to examine the underlying performance of the
                                                                              Consolidated Entity.
                                                                              PROPERTY INVESTMENT ACTIVITIES
                                                                                                                           2018             2017
                                                                                                                            $M               $M
                                                                              Net property income                          12.7              6.1
       These business capabilities are supported by five                      Managed partnerships                         28.9             24.3
       strategic “pillars”:
                                                                              Property investment earnings                 41.6             30.4
       + Quality partnerships – develop and maintain strong
         relationships with key stakeholders including customers,             Key metrics                                  2018             2017
         capital partners, suppliers and employees;                           Weighted average capitalisation rate (%)      5.8              6.0
       + Quality product and service – deliver high quality product           Weighted average lease expiry (years)         4.7              4.4
         and customer service in key logistics markets globally by            Occupancy (%)                                99.0             97.4
         actively leveraging Goodman Group’s industrial sector
         expertise, development and management experience and                 Property investment earnings comprise property income from
         global operating platform;                                           investment properties, completed developments held for sale
       + Culture and brand – promote Goodman Group’s unique                   and the Consolidated Entity’s share of the results of property
         and recognisable brand and embed Goodman Group’s core                investment joint ventures (referred to by the Consolidated Entity
         values across each operating division to foster a strong and         as “managed partnerships”).
         consistent culture;
                                                                              The Consolidated Entity no longer directly owns stabilised
       + Operational efficiency – optimise business resources to
                                                                              investment property but continues to receive net property
         ensure effectiveness and drive efficiencies; and
                                                                              income from completed development assets prior to disposal.
       + Capital efficiency – maintain active capital management
                                                                              The increase in net property income in the current year was
         to facilitate appropriate returns and sustainability of
                                                                              primarily contributed by completed development assets in
         the business.
                                                                              Continental Europe.
                                                                              An increase in occupancy rates as well as higher cornerstone
                                                                              investment in partnerships have resulted in a corresponding
                                                                              increase in the share of net results of managed partnerships.
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                             137




                    DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES                                                 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                  2018             2017                                                     2018             2017
                                                                   $M               $M                                                       $M               $M
                    Net development income                       182.2            196.5    Cornerstone investments
                    Managed partnerships                          22.7             37.4    in managed partnerships                        907.2             651.4
                                                                                           Development holdings                           443.4             622.4




For personal use only
                    Development earnings                         204.9            233.9
                                                                                           Cash                                           115.5             107.9
                    Key metrics                              2018                  2017    Other assets                                   680.8             287.0
                    Work in progress ($ billion)              1.6                    1.5   Total assets                                 2,146.9           1,668.7
                    Work in progress (million square metres)  1.5                    1.6   Loans from related parties                     897.0             852.3
                    Work in progress (number of developments) 37                     42    Other liabilities                              285.9             126.4
                    Developments completed during the year                                 Total liabilities                            1,182.9             978.7
                    (number of developments)                   38                    42
                                                                                           Non-controlling interests                       22.4              23.6
                    Development earnings comprise development income (including            Net assets attributable
                    development management fees) net of expenses, income                   to Shareholders                                941.6             666.4
                    from sales of properties (primarily inventories but also including
                    disposals of special purpose entities in certain jurisdictions)        The value of cornerstone investments in managed partnerships
                    and the Consolidated Entity’s share of the results of property         has increased by $255.8 million to $907.2 million, principally
                    development partnerships. The key drivers for maintaining              driven by capital contributions into existing partnerships.
                    or growing the Consolidated Entity’s development earnings              A reconciliation of the current year movement in cornerstone
                    are maintaining both the level of development activity and             investments in managed partnerships is detailed in note 6(f) to
                    development margins and the continued availability of third            the consolidated financial statements. Distributions of income
                    party capital to fund development activity.                            and capital from cornerstone investments in the current year
                                                                                           amounted to $95.0 million.
                    Market conditions continue to be favourable and development
                    volumes and margins were maintained, resulting in development          The decrease in development holdings by $179.0 million to
                    earnings of $204.9 million (2017: $233.9 million). This reflected      $443.4 million is primarily due to the completion and subsequent
                    another strong contribution from development activities. The           disposal of development projects in Continental Europe. At
                    decrease in earnings relative to the prior year is due to the timing   30 June 2017, two major projects were in progress and had been
                    of transactions in both Continental Europe and Asia.                   presold to managed partnerships but were being funded through
                                                                                           to completion by the Consolidated Entity. Development disposals
                    The Consolidated Entity still sees development as the best means       also accounted for the increase in other assets, which comprises
                    of accessing high quality product in the markets it operates in        mainly of amounts due from and loans to related parties, by
                    given the strength in asset pricing at 30 June 2018.                   $393.8 million to $680.8 million. Amounts receivable from related
                    MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES                                                  parties have increased due to the disposal of development assets
                                                                  2018             2017    towards the end of the year. Proceeds received from development
                                                                   $M               $M     completions during the year have been on lent to related parties,
                                                                                           resulting in an increase in loans to related parties by $285.9 million
                    Management earnings                          149.5             98.0
                                                                                           to $423.0 million.
                    Key metrics                                   2018             2017    The increase in other liabilities is principally due to a final dividend
                    Number of managed vehicles                        7                8   of $90.0 million that was declared in June 2018 and will be
                    External assets under management                                       payable in August 2018.
                    (“AUM”) (end of period) ($ billion)           16.5             13.6

                    Management earnings comprise investment management,
                    including portfolio performance fees, and property services fees.
                    The key drivers for maintaining or growing management earnings
                    are activity levels, asset performance, and increasing the level of
                    AUM, which can be impacted by property valuations and asset
                    disposals and is also dependent on the continued availability
                    of third party capital to fund both development activity and
                    acquisitions across Goodman’s managed partnerships.
                    Management activities contributed $149.5 million of income,
                    an increase of $51.5 million compared to the prior financial year.
                    Management earnings were driven by transactional activities
                    and the continued growth in AUM across all the regions the
                    Consolidated Entity operates in. In addition, strong total returns
                    by partnerships over the past few years have resulted in the
                    recognition of portfolio performance revenue during FY18 by Asia.
       138                                                              goodmAn grouP



       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
       Continued



       CASH FLOW                                                                  OUTLOOK
                                                      2018              2017      The macro environment currently supports the industrial property
                                                       $M                $M       market and the Consolidated Entity is strategically well placed
       Operating cash flows                          421.7             108.4      given the financial and operational strength established over the
       Investing cash flows                         (123.4)               (1.7)   years. The Consolidated Entity continues to see strong growth in
       Financing cash flows                         (296.4)             (64.1)    demand for properties from customers in the physical markets




For personal use only
       Net increase in cash held                       1.9               42.6     and investors in the capital markets which is providing the
                                                                                  Consolidated Entity with greater visibility and opportunities at this
       Effect of exchange rate fluctuations                                       point in time.
       on cash held                                   5.7                (2.0)
       Cash at the beginning of the year            107.9               67.3      Further information as to other likely developments in the
       Cash at the end of the year                  115.5              107.9      operations of the Consolidated Entity and the expected results of
                                                                                  those operations in future financial years has not been included in
       The increase in operating cash flows from the comparative year             this report of the directors because disclosure of the information
       is primarily attributable to strong development activity during the        would be likely to result in unreasonable prejudice to the
       year as well as receipts from a number of development projects             Consolidated Entity.
       that commenced in FY17 and were completed and disposed in                  RISKS
       the current year. Timing of development completions relative to
       the year end is often a key factor in operating cash flows.                Goodman Group identifies operational risks for each of its regions
                                                                                  as part of its strategy process. The key risks, an assessment of
       Investing cash outflows have increased from the comparative year           their likelihood of occurrence and consequences and controls that
       due to the funding of development activities undertaken by the             are in place to mitigate the risks are reported to the Goodman
       managed partnerships.                                                      Group board annually.
       Financing cash outflows have increased from the comparative                Goodman Group has established formal systems and processes
       year as operating cash inflows were available to repay loans from          to manage the risks at each stage of its decision making process.
       related parties.                                                           This is facilitated by a Goodman Group Investment Committee
                                                                                  comprising senior executives, chaired by the Group Chief
                                                                                  Executive Officer, which considers all major operational decisions
                                                                                  and transactions. The Goodman Group Investment Committee
                                                                                  meets on a weekly basis.
                                                                                  The Goodman Group board has separate board committees
                                                                                  to review and assess key risks. The Risk and Compliance
                                                                                  Committee reviews and monitors material risks in Goodman
                                                                                  Group’s risk management systems, including market, operational,
                                                                                  sustainability, regulation and compliance and information
                                                                                  technology. The Goodman Group Audit Committee reviews
                                                                                  and monitors financial risk management and tax policies.

       The key risks faced by Goodman Group and the controls that have been established to manage those risks are set out below:

                               Risk area                                     Mitigation

         Capital               Ensuring long-term availability of            + Goodman Group board approved financial risk management policy
         management            funding from both investors and               + Prudent capital management with cash flow requirements, gearing
                               financial institutions to support the            and available liquidity reviewed monthly and reported to the
                               sustainability of the business.                  Goodman Group board
                                                                             + Diversification of debt funding sources and maturities
                                                                             + Diversification of investment partners

         Technology            Through advancement in technology             + Key gateway city strategy – urban, infill locations support reusability
         change and            (as seen through automation/                     of property
         disruption            robotics, investment in driverless            + Generic building design – ease to reconfigure for another customer
                               vehicles and drone technology), there         + Geographic diversification
                               is a longer-term risk that warehouses
                               become obsolete and not fit for
                               purpose through their specialisation
                               and/or location.

         Economic              Headline economic indicators                  + Global diversification of Goodman Group’s property portfolios
         environment           suggest the world is getting back on          + Focus on core property portfolios in key gateway locations
                               track with GDP growth. However,               + Focus on cost management
                               there are still concerns. The recovery        + Prudent capital management with low gearing and significant
                               has been slow, productivity growth               available liquidity to allow for potential market shocks
                               remains weak and investment growth
                               is subdued. In many countries, real
                               incomes have been stagnant for
                               many years. This continues to present
                               a challenging operating environment.
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                           139




                                           Risk area                                 Mitigation

                        Governance,        Non-compliance and changes to the         + Independent governance structures
                        regulation and     regulatory environments (including        + Core values and attitudes, with an embedded compliance culture
                        compliance         tax) impact Goodman Group's                  focused on best practice




For personal use only
                                           business, including its reputation.       + Dedicated Chief Risk Officer and Compliance Officer
                                                                                     + Review of transactions by the Goodman Group Investment Committee

                        Development        Development risks may arise from          + Review of development projects by the Goodman Group
                                           location, site complexity, planning          Investment Committee
                                           and permitting, infrastructure,           + Goodman Group defined design specifications, which cover
                                           contamination, earthquakes, adverse          environmental, technological, and safety requirements, protecting
                                           weather conditions and other                 against short term obsolescence
                                           environmental factors, along with         + Internal audit reviews with reporting to the Risk and Compliance
                                           general contractor capability.               Committee
                                                                                     + Insurance programme, both Goodman Group and general contractor
                                                                                     + Ongoing monitoring and reporting of work in progress and levels of
                                                                                        speculative development, with Goodman Group Board oversight
                                                                                        including limits with respect to speculative development

                        Asset              Leasing risk exposures can reduce         + Key gateway city strategy – urban, infill locations where customer
                        management         returns from Goodman Groups’s                demand is strongest
                        and leasing        portfolios. Adverse weather events        + Diversification of customer base and lease expiries
                                           and other environmental factors can       + Review of significant leasing transactions and development projects
                                           adversely affect returns.                    by the Goodman Group Investment Committee
                                                                                     + Review of individual assets with respect to climate change impacts
                                                                                     + Capital expenditure programmes keeping pace with property
                                                                                        lifecycle

                        Concentration      Over-exposure to customers                + Diversification of customer base and lease expiry
                        to                 and market may limit growth and           + Diversification of capital partners and partnership expiries
                        counterparties     sustainability opportunities.
                        and markets

                        People             Retaining the executive management        + Succession planning for senior executives
                                           team, who support the sustainability      + Competitive remuneration structures
                                           of the business.                          + Performance management and review

                        Information and    Maintaining security of IT environment    + Reporting of risks and management activity
                        data security      and ensuring continuity of IT             + Managed security monitoring
                                           applications to support sustainability    + Disaster recovery and business continuity planning and testing
                                           and growth.


                    ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS                                             DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS
                    The Consolidated Entity has policies and procedures to identify       No contract of significance in relation to the Consolidated Entity’s
                    and appropriately address environmental obligations that might        business to which the Company, its subsidiaries or any of its
                    arise in respect of the Consolidated Entity’s operations that are     fellow subsidiaries was a party and in which the directors of the
                    subject to significant environmental regulation under the laws of     Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
                    the countries the Consolidated Entity operates in. The directors      subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.
                    have determined that the Consolidated Entity has complied with
                    those obligations during the financial year and that there has not
                    been any material breach.
                    DISCLOSURE IN RESPECT OF ANY INDEMNIFICATION
                    OF DIRECTORS
                    A permitted indemnity provision (as defined in section 469 of the
                    Hong Kong Companies Ordinance) for the benefit of the directors
                    of the Company is currently in force and was in force throughout
                    this year.
       140                                                                     goodmAn grouP



       REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS
       Continued



       DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN SHARES
       At the end of the year, the directors (including alternate directors) held the following interests in the stapled securities of Goodman
       Group, which are listed on the ASX:
                                                                                                                   Direct             Indirect
       Directors                                                                                                securities          securities               Total




For personal use only
       Ian Douglas Ferrier                                                                                       195,974                  –             195,974
       Philip Yan Hok Fan1                                                                                        93,258                  –              93,258
       David Jeremy Collins                                                                                            –                  –                   –
       Gregory Leith Goodman                                                                                      97,799         38,024,673          38,122,472
       Daniel Cornelius D. Peeters                                                                                     –          1,796,560           1,796,560
     1. Reflects number of securities at the date Mr Philip Yan Hok Fan ceased to be a director.

       In addition, Mr Gregory Goodman and Mr Daniel Peeters participate in the Goodman Group Long Term Incentive Plan (“LTIP”) under
       which they hold performance rights. Performance rights entitle participants to receive Goodman Group stapled securities without the
       payment of consideration, subject to Goodman Group satisfying performance criteria and the participants remaining employees of
       Goodman Group.
       Details of the awards of performance rights under the LTIP granted as compensation to the directors (including alternate directors)
       at 30 June 2018 are as follows:
                                                                                             Number of         Number of
                                                                                          performance        performance                 Date          Financial
                                                                                          rights at date rights at the end       performance      years in which
                                                                                       of appointment1        of the year2     rights granted        grant vests
       Gregory Leith Goodman                                                                 1,600,000         1,600,000           16 Nov 17         2021–2023
                                                                                             2,400,000         2,400,000           30 Sep 16         2020–2022
                                                                                             2,000,000         2,000,000           25 Nov 15         2019–2021
                                                                                               663,651           663,651           20 Nov 14         2018–2020
                                                                                               298,422           298,422           22 Nov 13         2017–2019
       Daniel Cornelius D. Peeters                                                             550,000           550,000           16 Nov 17         2021–2023
                                                                                               600,000           600,000           30 Sep 16         2020–2022
                                                                                               450,000           450,000           25 Nov 15         2019–2021
                                                                                               331,826           331,826           20 Nov 14         2018–2020
                                                                                               132,632           132,632           22 Nov 13         2017–2019
     1. Mr Gregory Goodman and Mr Daniel Peeters were both appointed directors during the year. The number of performance rights disclosed reflects their holdings
        at the date of their appointment. Mr Gregory Goodman was awarded 1,600,000 performance rights on the same date he was appointed a director.
     2. Between the date of their appointment and the end of the financial year, Mr Gregory Goodman and Mr Daniel Peeters were not granted performance rights and
        none of the performance rights held by them vested or were forfeited.

       Apart from the above, at no time during the year was the Company, its subsidiaries or any of its fellow subsidiaries a party to any
       arrangement to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the
       Company or any other related body corporate.
       AUDITORS
       KPMG retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution for the re-appointment of KPMG as auditors of the
       Company is to be proposed at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
       SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
       There has not arisen in the interval between the end of the financial year and the date of this report any item, transaction or event of
       a material and unusual nature likely, in the opinion of the directors, to affect significantly the operations of the Consolidated Entity, the
       results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the Consolidated Entity, in future financial years.
       DECLARATION BY THE GROUP CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
       The directors have been given declarations equivalent to those required of listed Australian companies by section 295A of the
       Corporations Act 2001 from the Group Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for the year ended 30 June 2018.
       By order of the board of directors




       Ian Douglas Ferrier, AM                        David Jeremy Collins
       Director                                       Director
       Sydney, 17 August 2018
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                           141



                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
                    To the members of Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited
                    (incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)




                    Opinion                                                                           Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated




For personal use only
                    We have audited the consolidated financial statements of                          financial statements
                    Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited (“the Company”) and its                            The directors are responsible for the preparation of the
                    subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 143 to 146, which                     consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view
                    comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at                   in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the Hong
                    30 June 2018, the consolidated statement of comprehensive                         Kong Companies Ordinance and for such internal control as
                    income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and                       the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation
                    the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended                      of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
                    and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a                   misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
                    summary of significant accounting policies.
                                                                                                      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors
                    In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true                 are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a
                    and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group                 going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
                    as at 30 June 2018 and of its consolidated financial performance                  concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless
                    and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in                        the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                    accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards                           operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
                    (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
                    Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in                         Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit
                    compliance with the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.                                of the consolidated financial statements
                                                                                                      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
                    Basis for opinion                                                                 the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
                    We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong                               material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue
                    Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our                         an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. This report is made
                    responsibilities under those standards are further described in                   solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the
                    the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated                  Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose.
                    financial statements section of our report. We are independent                    We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to
                    of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics                       any other person for the contents of this report.
                    for Professional Accountants (“the Code”) and we have fulfilled
                    our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.                   Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a
                    We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient                 guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
                    and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.                               will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
                                                                                                      Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
                    Information other than the consolidated financial                                 material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably
                    statements and auditor’s report thereon                                           be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken
                    The directors are responsible for the other information which                     on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
                    comprises all the information included in the Company’s Report
                    of the directors.
                    Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not
                    cover the other information and we do not express any form of
                    assurance conclusion thereon.
                    In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial
                    statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
                    in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially
                    inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
                    knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be
                    materially misstated.
                    If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that
                    there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
                    are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in
                    this regard.




                    KPMG, an Australian partnership and a member firm of the KPMG network             Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation.
                    of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Cooperative
                    (“KPMG International”), a Swiss entity.
       142                                                              goodmAn grouP



       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
       To the members of Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited
       (incorporated in Hong Hong with limited liability)




       Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit                                We communicate with the directors regarding, among other
       of the consolidated financial statements continued                      matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant




For personal use only
       As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise               audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
       professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism             control that we identify during our audit.
       throughout the audit. We also:
       + Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the
         consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
         error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to
         those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
         appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of           KPMG
         not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is         Certified Public Accountants
         higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
         collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,        8th Floor, Prince’s Building
         or the override of internal control.                                  10 Chater Road
       + Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to               Central, Hong Kong
         the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
                                                                               17 August 2018
         appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose
         of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
         internal control.
       + Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used
         and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
         disclosures made by the directors.
       + Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the
         going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
         evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists
         related to events or conditions that may cast significant
         doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.
         If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
         required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the
         related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
         or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion.
         Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
         up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events
         or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
         going concern.
       + Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the
         consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
         and whether the consolidated financial statements represent
         the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
         achieves fair presentation.
       + Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
         financial information of the entities or business activities within
         the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial
         statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
         and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely
         responsible for our audit opinion.
                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018                           143



                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                    as at 30 June 2018
                    (expressed in Australian dollars)

                    		 2018                                                                                            2017
                      Note $M                                                                                           $M
                    Current assets
                    Cash                                              14(a)                                115.5      107.9
                    Inventories                                        6(b)                                172.2      127.1
                    Receivables                                          7                                 659.6      515.2




For personal use only
                    Current tax receivables                            4(c)                                  2.5        0.2
                    Other assets		                                                                           4.2        2.0
                    Total current assets		                                                                 954.0      752.4
                    Non-current assets
                    Inventories                                        6(b)                                 196.0      188.3
                    Investment properties                              6(b)                                     –       22.5
                    Investments accounted for using the equity method  6(b)                                 907.2      651.4
                    Receivables                                          7                                   57.5       26.6
                    Other financial assets                              10                                   21.5       20.5
                    Deferred tax assets                                4(d)                                   0.2          –
                    Other assets		                                                                           10.5        7.0
                    Total non-current assets		                                                            1,192.9      916.3
                    Total assets		                                                                        2,146.9    1,668.7
                    Current liabilities
                    Payables                                             8                                  904.9     871.8
                    Current tax payables                               4(c)                                  14.5      15.3
                    Employee benefits		                                                                      21.5      20.0
                    Dividend payable                                    12                                   90.0         –
                    Total current liabilities		                                                           1,030.9     907.1
                    Non-current liabilities
                    Payables                                             8                                  147.3      71.5
                    Deferred tax liabilities                           4(d)                                   4.7       0.1
                    Total non-current liabilities		                                                         152.0      71.6
                    Total liabilities		                                                                   1,182.9     978.7
                    Net assets		                                                                            964.0     690.0
                    Equity attributable to Shareholders
                    Share capital                                     13(a)                                 674.6      661.1
                    Reserves                                            15                                 (459.6)    (548.7)
                    Retained earnings                                   16                                  726.6      554.0
                    Total equity attributable to Shareholders		                                             941.6      666.4
                    Non-controlling interests		                                                              22.4       23.6
                    Total equity		                                                                          964.0      690.0

                    The notes on pages 147 to 169 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                    Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 17 August 2018




                    Ian Douglas Ferrier, AM             David Jeremy Collins
                    Director                            Director
       144                                                        goodmAn grouP



       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
       for the year ended 30 June 2018
       (expressed in Australian dollars)

       		 2018                                                                               2017
         Note $M                                                                              $M
       Revenue
       Gross property income		                                               15.4      10.3
       Management income		                                                 172.1       98.0
       Development income                                              2   709.9     856.4




For personal use only
       Dividends from investments		                                            1.3       3.7
       		                                                                  898.7     968.4
       Property and development expenses
       Property expenses		                                                    (2.7)     (4.2)
       Development expenses                                            2  (529.7)   (662.7)
       		                                                                 (532.4)   (666.9)
       Other income/(losses)
       Net loss on disposal of investment properties		                           –      (0.9)
       Share of net results of equity accounted investments          6(f)  104.0       86.7
       Net gain on disposal of equity accounted investments		                  0.7         –
       		                                                                  104.7       85.8
       Other expenses
       Employee expenses		                                                  (80.2)    (72.7)
       Share based payments expense		                                       (28.4)    (22.7)
       Administrative and other expenses		                                  (46.5)    (24.7)
       Impairment reversals                                            2         –       0.2
       		                                                                 (155.1)   (119.9)
       Profit before interest and income tax                           2   315.9     267.4
       Net finance income/(expense)
       Finance income                                                  9       3.1       1.0
       Finance expense                                                 9    (24.4)    (33.2)
       Net finance expense		                                               (21.3)    (32.2)
       Profit before income tax		                                          294.6     235.2
       Income tax expense                                              4    (26.7)    (13.8)
       Profit for the year		                                               267.9     221.4
       Profit for the year attributable to:
       Shareholders                                                  16    262.6     216.0
       Non-controlling interests		                                             5.3       5.4
       Profit for the year		                                               267.9     221.4
       Other comprehensive income/(loss)
       Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
       Increase due to revaluation of other financial assets		                   –       5.7
       Effect of foreign currency translation		                              85.7     (33.0)
       Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year		                      85.7    (27.3)
       Total comprehensive income for the year		                           353.6     194.1
       Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
       Shareholders		                                                      346.6     188.6
       Non-controlling interests		                                             7.0       5.5
       Total comprehensive income for the year		                           353.6     194.1

       The notes on pages 147 to 169 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                    145



                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                    for the year ended 30 June 2018
                    (expressed in Australian dollars)


                    Year ended 30 June 2017                                      Attributable to Shareholders
                                                                                                                                       Non-
                                                                                       Share                 Retained            controlling    Total
                                                                                      capital    Reserves    earnings      Total   interests   equity
                                                                             Note        $M           $M           $M        $M          $M       $M
                    Balance at 1 July 2016                                             650.8       (526.1)      355.8     480.5       18.1     498.6




For personal use only
                    Total comprehensive income for the year
                    Profit for the year                                        16           –           –       216.0     216.0         5.4    221.4
                    Other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                          –       (27.4)          –      (27.4)       0.1     (27.3)
                    Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year,
                    net of income tax                                                       –       (27.4)      216.0     188.6         5.5    194.1
                    Contributions by and distributions to owners
                    Dividend paid                                              12          –            –        (17.8)    (17.8)        –      (17.8)
                    Issue of shares to employees of Goodman Group             13(a)     10.3            –            –      10.3         –       10.3
                    Equity settled share based payments transactions          15(c)        –          4.8            –       4.8         –        4.8
                    Balance at 30 June 2017                                            661.1       (548.7)      554.0     666.4       23.6     690.0


                    Year ended 30 June 2018                                      Attributable to Shareholders
                                                                                                                                      Non-
                                                                                      Share               Retained              controlling     Total
                                                                                  capital       Reserves earnings         Total interests      equity
                                                                             Note         $M         $M         $M          $M          $M        $M
                    Balance at 1 July 2017                                             661.1       (548.7)      554.0     666.4       23.6     690.0
                    Total comprehensive income for the year
                    Profit for the year                                        16          –           –        262.6     262.6        5.3     267.9
                    Other comprehensive income for the year                                –        84.0            –      84.0        1.7      85.7
                    Total comprehensive income for the year,
                    net of income tax                                                      –        84.0        262.6     346.6        7.0     353.6
                    Contributions by and distributions to owners
                    Dividend declared/paid                                     12          –            –       (90.0)    (90.0)       (7.6)   (97.6)
                    Issue of shares to employees of Goodman Group             13(a)     13.5            –           –      13.5           –     13.5
                    Equity settled share based payments transactions          15(c)        –          5.1           –       5.1           –      5.1
                    Disposal of special purpose development entity
                    with non-controlling interests                                         –            –           –         –        (0.6)    (0.6)
                    Balance at 30 June 2018                                            674.6       (459.6)      726.6     941.6       22.4     964.0
                    The notes on pages 147 to 169 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
       146                                                        goodmAn grouP



       CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
       for the year ended 30 June 2018
       (expressed in Australian dollars)

       		 2018                                                                                             2017
         Note $M                                                                                            $M
       Cash flows from operating activities
       Property income received		                                                               20.6        11.9
       Cash receipts from development activities		                                            922.7       661.3
       Other cash receipts from services provided		                                           137.6         98.0




For personal use only
       Property expenses paid		                                                                  (3.7)       (4.5)
       Payments for development activities		                                                 (559.6)     (610.6)
       Other cash payments in the course of operations		                                     (105.9)       (82.3)
       Dividends/distributions received		                                                       35.7        49.8
       Interest received		                                                                        1.1         0.1
       Finance costs paid		                                                                      (0.7)       (1.5)
       Net income taxes paid		                                                                 (26.1)      (13.8)
       Net cash provided by operating activities               14(b)                          421.7       108.4
       Cash flows from investing activities
       Proceeds from disposal of investment properties		                                           –       23.5
       Payments for investment properties		                                                     (0.2)       (2.8)
       Capital return from equity accounted investments		                                      59.2        48.8
       Payments for equity accounted investments		                                           (182.3)      (71.5)
       Payments for plant and equipment		                                                       (0.1)       (0.2)
       Payments for controlled entities, net of cash acquired		                                    –         0.5
       Net cash used in investing activities		                                               (123.4)       (1.7)
       Cash flows from financing activities
       Net repayment of loans with related parties		                                         (288.8)      (46.3)
       Dividend paid		                                                                          (7.6)     (17.8)
       Net cash used in financing activities		                                               (296.4)     (64.1)
       Net increase in cash held		                                                               1.9       42.6
       Cash at the beginning of the year		                                                    107.9        67.3
       Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held		                                       5.7        (2.0)
       Cash at the end of the year                             14(a)                          115.5      107.9

       The notes on pages 147 to 169 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                            147



                    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                    BASIS OF PREPARATION                                                     (c) Principles of consolidation
                    1. BASIS OF PREPARATION                                                  Subsidiaries
                    (a) Statement of compliance                                              Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Company. The
                    These financial statements have been prepared in accordance              Company controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights,
                    with all applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards              to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has
                                                                                             the ability to affect those returns through its power over the




For personal use only
                    (“HKFRSs”), which collective term includes all applicable
                    individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong            entity. When assessing whether the Company has power, only
                    Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued                substantive rights (held by the Company and other parties) are
                    by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants               considered.
                    (“HKICPA”) and accounting principles generally accepted in Hong          An investment in a controlled entity is consolidated into the
                    Kong. These financial statements also comply with the applicable         consolidated financial statements from the date that control
                    requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.                       commences until the date that control ceases. When an entity
                    (b) Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial                   ceases to be controlled by the Company, it is accounted for as a
                    statements                                                               disposal of the entire interest in the entity, with a resulting gain or
                                                                                             loss being recognised in the statement of comprehensive income.
                    The measurement basis used in the preparation of the
                    consolidated financial statements is the historical cost basis           In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment
                    except for investment properties and other financial assets which        in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses.
                    are stated at fair value.
                                                                                             Accounting for acquisitions of non-controlling interests
                    As at 30 June 2018, the Consolidated Entity had net current              Acquisitions of non-controlling interests are accounted for as
                    liabilities of $76.9 million. In accordance with the stapling            transactions with equity holders in their capacity as equity holders
                    agreement between the Company (“GLHK”), Goodman Limited                  and therefore no gain or loss and no goodwill is recognised as a
                    (“GL”) and Goodman Funds Management Limited as responsible               result of such transactions.
                    entity for Goodman Industrial Trust (“GIT”), on request, each party
                    (and its subsidiaries) must provide financial support to the other       Joint ventures
                    party (and its subsidiaries). The financial support to the other party   A joint venture (“JV”) is an arrangement (referred to by the
                    (and its subsidiaries) may include:                                      Consolidated Entity as a “managed partnership”) in which the
                    + lending money or providing financial accommodation;                    Consolidated Entity has joint control, whereby the Consolidated
                    + guaranteeing any loan or other financing facility including            Entity has rights to the net assets of the arrangement, rather
                      providing any security;                                                than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities. In
                    + entering into any covenant, undertaking, restraint, negative           the consolidated financial statements, investments in JVs are
                      pledge on the obtaining of any financial accommodation or              accounted for using the equity method. Investments in JVs
                      the provision of any guarantee or security in connection with          are carried at the lower of the equity accounted amount and
                      any financial accommodation; and                                       recoverable amount. The Consolidated Entity’s share of the JVs’
                    + entering into any joint borrowing or joint financial                   net profit or loss is recognised in the consolidated statement of
                      accommodation and providing any guarantee, security,                   comprehensive income from the date joint control commences
                      indemnities and undertakings in connection with the relevant           to the date joint control ceases. Movements in reserves are
                      joint borrowing or joint financial accommodation.                      recognised directly in the consolidated reserves.

                    A party need not do anything under the above arrangements to             Transactions eliminated on consolidation
                    the extent that the party considers that it is not in the interests of   Unrealised gains resulting from transactions with JVs, including
                    Goodman Group Securityholders as a whole, or would cause a               those relating to contributions of non-monetary assets on
                    member of the party’s group to contravene or breach applicable           establishment, are eliminated to the extent of the Consolidated
                    laws or particular finance arrangements.                                 Entity’s interest. Unrealised gains relating to JVs are eliminated
                                                                                             against the carrying amount of the investment. Unrealised losses
                    On the basis of the above, the consolidated financial statements         are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, unless they
                    have been prepared on a going concern basis.                             evidence an impairment of an asset.
                    The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
                    HKFRSs requires management to make judgements, estimates
                    and assumptions that affect the application of policies and
                    reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses.
                    The estimates and associated assumptions are based on
                    historical experience and various other factors that are believed
                    to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which
                    form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values
                    of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other
                    sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
                    The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an
                    ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised
                    in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects
                    only that period, or in the period of the revision and future periods
                    if the revision affects both current and future periods.
       148                                                             goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Basis of preparation continued                                         (e) Changes in accounting policies
       1. BASIS OF PREPARATION CONTINUED                                      The HKICPA has issued several amendments to HKFRSs that are
       (c) Principles of consolidation continued                              first effective for the current accounting period of the Consolidated
                                                                              Entity. The adoption of the amendments did not have any
       Combination of entities or businesses under                            material impact on the preparation of the consolidated financial
       common control                                                         statements. However, additional disclosure has been included in




For personal use only
       Where the Consolidated Entity acquires entities or businesses          note 14(c) to satisfy the new disclosure requirements introduced
       from other members of Goodman Group such that all of the               by the amendments to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows:
       combining entities (businesses) are ultimately controlled by           Disclosure initiative, which require entities to provide disclosures
       Goodman Group Securityholders both before and after the                that enable users of financial statements to evaluate changes in
       combination, the Consolidated Entity applies the pooling of            liabilities arising from financing activities, including both changes
       interests method.                                                      arising from cash flows and non-cash changes.
       At the date of the combination of entities under common                The Consolidated Entity has not applied any new standard
       control, the assets and liabilities of the combining entities are      or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
       reflected at their carrying amounts. No adjustments are made           accounting period.
       to reflect fair values, or recognise any new assets or liabilities
       that would otherwise be done under the acquisition method.             (f) Accounting standards issued but not yet effective
       The only goodwill that is recognised is any existing goodwill          Up to the date of these financial statements, the HKICPA has
       relating to either of the combining entities. Any difference           issued a few amendments and new standards which are not yet
       between the consideration transferred and the equity “acquired”        effective for the year ended 30 June 2018 and which have not
       by the Consolidated Entity is reflected within equity (common          been adopted in these financial statements. These include the
       control reserve).                                                      following which may be relevant to the Consolidated Entity:
       Similar to the acquisition method, the results of the “acquired”       + HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments introduces new requirements
       entity are included only from the date control commenced.                for the classification and measurement of financial assets,
       Comparatives are not restated to present the consolidated                including the measurement of impairment for financial
       financial statements as if the entities had always been combined.        assets and hedge accounting and replaces HKAS 39
                                                                                Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement. The
       (d) Foreign currency translation                                         new standard will become mandatory for the Consolidated
       Functional and presentation currency                                     Entity’s 30 June 2019 financial statements. The new
       Items included in the consolidated financial statements of each of       standard is not expected to have a material impact on the
       the Company’s subsidiaries are measured using the currency of            Consolidated Entity’s financial statements. At 30 June 2018,
       the primary economic environment in which the entity operates            the Consolidated Entity had equity investments classified as
       (functional currency). The consolidated financial statements are         available for sale with a fair value of $21.5 million. On initial
       presented in Australian dollars, which is the Company’s functional       application of HKFRS 9, the Consolidated Entity may elect
       and presentation currency.                                               to classify these investments as fair value through other
                                                                                comprehensive income or fair value through profit or loss.
       Transactions                                                             The Consolidated Entity has determined that it will continue
       Foreign currency transactions are translated to each entity’s            to recognise fair value movements on financial assets
       functional currency at rates approximating the foreign exchange          available for sale through other comprehensive income upon
       rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Amounts receivable        the adoption of HKFRS 9;
       and payable in foreign currencies at the reporting date are            + HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers provides
       translated at the rates of exchange ruling on that date. Resulting       a single revenue recognition model based on the transfer
       exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss.                   of goods and services and the consideration expected to
                                                                                be received in return for that transfer. The new standard will
       Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured in terms           become mandatory for the Consolidated Entity’s 30 June
       of historical cost are translated at rates of exchange applicable        2019 financial statements. The new standard does not
       at the date of the initial transaction. Non-monetary items which         apply to the recognition of rental income from investment
       are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated          properties. The Consolidated Entity’s other principal
       using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value                 revenue streams have been reviewed and based on current
       was determined.                                                          contractual arrangements, there will be no change to
       Translation of controlled foreign operations                             the Consolidated Entity’s revenue recognition. There will
       The assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into     however, be additional disclosures in respect of contractual
       Australian dollars at foreign exchange rates applicable at the           arrangements where performance obligations are satisfied
       reporting date.                                                          over time; and
                                                                              + HKFRS 16 Leases introduces a single lessee accounting
       Revenue and expenses are translated at weighted average rates            model and requires a lessee to recognise assets and liabilities
       for the financial year. Exchange differences arising on translation      for all leases with a term of more than 12 months, unless
       are taken directly to the foreign currency translation reserve until     the underlying asset is of low value. A lessee is required to
       the disposal or partial disposal of the operations.                      recognise a right of use asset representing its right to use
                                                                                the underlying leased asset and a lease liability representing
       Exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part
                                                                                its obligations to make lease payments. The new standard
       of the net investment in a foreign operation are recognised in the
                                                                                will become mandatory for the Consolidated Entity’s 30
       foreign currency translation reserve on consolidation.
                                                                                June 2020 financial statements and will result in the gross
                                                                                up of assets and liabilities where the Consolidated Entity
                                                                                leases office buildings, motor vehicles and development land
                                                                                classified as inventories. The financial impact arising from the
                                                                                gross up of office building and motor vehicle leases is not
                                                                                expected to be material. The financial impact from the gross
                                                                                up of development land leased by the Consolidated Entity will
                                                                                depend on the land leases held at the time of implementation
                                                                                of the new standard.
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                           149




                    Basis of preparation continued                                           Management income
                    1. BASIS OF PREPARATION CONTINUED                                        Fee income derived from investment management and property
                    (g) Critical accounting estimates used in the preparation                services is recognised progressively as the services are provided.
                    of the consolidated financial statements                                 Any performance related investment management income is
                                                                                             recognised when the services have been performed and the
                    The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires            income can be reliably measured.




For personal use only
                    estimates and assumptions concerning the application
                    of accounting policies and the future to be made by the                  Development income
                    Consolidated Entity. Estimates are continually evaluated and             Development income comprises income from disposal of
                    are based on historical experience and other factors, including          inventories, fee income from development management services
                    expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable         and income from fixed price construction contracts.
                    under the circumstances.
                                                                                             The disposal of inventories is recognised when the significant risks
                    The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of            and rewards of ownership have been transferred. The gain or loss
                    causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets          on disposal of inventories is calculated as the difference between
                    and liabilities within the next financial year can be found in the       the carrying amount of the asset at the time of disposal and the
                    following notes:                                                         proceeds on disposal (less transaction costs and any provision for
                    + Note 6 – Property assets; and                                          future rental guarantees) and is included in the profit or loss in the
                    + Note 11 – Financial risk management.                                   period of disposal.

                    The accounting impacts of revisions to estimates are recognised          Where the Consolidated Entity contracts to sell a completed
                    in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future         development asset either prior to or during the development
                    periods affected.                                                        phase and certain conditions are met, the development profit
                                                                                             is recognised in profit or loss in proportion to the stage of
                    Measurement of fair values                                               completion of the development. In these circumstances, the
                    A number of the Consolidated Entity’s accounting policies and            asset will be transferred from inventories to receivables.
                    disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both             Fee income from development management services is
                    financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.                      recognised progressively as the services are provided in
                    When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the            proportion to the stage of completion by reference to costs
                    Consolidated Entity uses market observable data as far as                incurred. Any performance related development management
                    possible. Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair    income is recognised on attainment of the performance related
                    value hierarchy and have been defined as follows:                        consideration.
                    + Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for              Certain development activities on land owned by third parties
                      identical assets or liabilities;                                       are assessed as being fixed price construction contracts.
                    + Level 2: inputs other than quoted prices included within Level         Revenue and expenses relating to these construction contracts
                      1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly      are recognised in profit or loss in proportion to the stage of
                      (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and         completion of the relevant contracts.
                    + Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on       Disposal of investment properties
                      observable market data (unobservable inputs).
                                                                                             The disposal of an investment property is recognised when the
                    Further information about the assumptions made in measuring              significant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred.
                    fair values is included in the following notes:                          The gain or loss on disposal of investment properties is calculated
                    + Note 6 – Property assets; and                                          as the difference between the carrying amount of the property
                    + Note 11 – Financial risk management.                                   at the time of the disposal and the proceeds on disposal (less
                                                                                             transaction costs and any provision for future rental guarantees)
                    RESULTS FOR THE YEAR                                                     and is included in profit or loss in the period of disposal.
                    2. PROFIT BEFORE INTEREST AND TAX                                        Employee benefits
                    Gross property income                                                    Wages, salaries and annual leave
                    Gross property income comprises rental income entitlements               Wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits, and
                    under operating leases, net of incentives provided, and amounts          annual leave that are expected to be settled within 12 months
                    billed to customers for outgoings e.g. rates, levies, cleaning,          of the reporting date represent present obligations resulting from
                    security etc. Amounts billed to customers for outgoings is a             employees’ services provided to the reporting date. These are
                    cost recovery for the Consolidated Entity and is recognised              calculated at undiscounted amounts based on rates that are
                    once the expense has been incurred. The expense is included in           expected to be paid as at the reporting date including related on-
                    property expenses.                                                       costs, such as workers’ compensation insurance and payroll tax.
                    Rental income entitlements under operating leases are recognised         Bonus
                    on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease contract. Where
                    operating lease rental income is recognised relating to fixed            A liability is recognised in other payables and accruals for bonuses
                    increases in rentals in future years, an asset is recognised. This       where there is a contractual obligation or where there is a past
                    asset is a component of the relevant investment property carrying        practice that has created a constructive obligation. Liabilities for
                    amount. The cost of lease incentives provided to customers is            bonuses that are expected to be settled within 12 months are
                    amortised on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease as a       measured at the amounts expected to be paid, including related
                    reduction of gross property income.                                      on-costs, when they are settled. Liabilities for bonuses, including
                                                                                             related on-costs, which are expected to be settled after more
                                                                                             than 12 months are discounted to reflect the estimated timing
                                                                                             of payments.
                                                                                             Defined contribution retirement plans
                                                                                             Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement
                                                                                             plans are recognised as an expense as incurred.
       150                                                           goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Results for the year continued
       2. PROFIT BEFORE INTEREST AND TAX CONTINUED
       Profit before interest and income tax has been arrived at after crediting/(charging) the following items:
       		 2018                                                                                                                             2017
       		 $M                                                                                                                                $M




For personal use only
       Income from disposal of inventories                                                                               199.6            156.0
       Net gain on disposal of special purpose development entities                                                        15.3             17.7
       Other development income                                                                                          495.0            682.7
       Development income                                                                                                709.9            856.4
       Inventory cost of sales                                                                                          (157.1)          (121.0)
       Other development expenses                                                                                       (372.6)          (541.7)
       Development expenses                                                                                             (529.7)          (662.7)
       Impairment reversals on receivables                                                                                     –              0.2
       Impairment reversals                                                                                                    –              0.2
       Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                                                 (79.3)           (72.0)
       Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                                                               (0.9)            (0.7)
       Transaction management fees                                                                                        (22.6)                –
       Operating lease expense                                                                                              (7.2)            (7.0)
       Depreciation of plant and equipment                                                                                  (2.5)            (2.4)
       Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                               (0.6)            (0.6)

       3. SEGMENT REPORTING
       An operating segment is a component of the Consolidated Entity that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues
       and incur expenses. The Consolidated Entity reports the results and financial position of its operating segments based on the internal
       reports regularly reviewed by the Group Chief Executive Officer in order to assess each segment’s performance and to allocate
       resources to them.
       Operating segment information is reported on a geographic basis and the Consolidated Entity has determined that its operating
       segments are Asia (which consists of China, Hong Kong and Japan), Continental Europe and the United Kingdom.
       The activities and services undertaken by the operating segments include:
       + property investment, comprising the Consolidated Entity’s cornerstone investments in managed partnerships;
       + management activities, both investment and property management; and
       + development activities, including development of directly owned assets (predominantly disclosed as inventories) and management
         of development activities for the Consolidated Entity’s managed partnerships.
       The segment results that are reported to the Group Chief Executive Officer are based on profit before net finance expense and income
       tax expense, and also exclude non-cash items such as fair value adjustments and impairments, corporate expenses and incentive
       based remuneration. The assets allocated to each operating segment primarily include inventories, and the operating segment’s
       investments in managed partnerships, but exclude receivables from GL, GIT and their controlled entities, income tax receivables and
       corporate assets. The liabilities allocated to each operating segment primarily relate to trade and other payables associated with the
       operating activities, but exclude payables to GL, GIT and their controlled entities, provision for dividends to Shareholders, income tax
       payables and corporate liabilities.
       The accounting policies used to report segment information are the same as those used to prepare the consolidated financial
       statements for the Consolidated Entity.
       There are no intersegment transactions.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                               151




                    Results for the year continued
                    3. SEGMENT REPORTING CONTINUED
                    Information about reportable segments
                                                                                    Asia             Continental Europe             United Kingdom             Total
                    Consolidated statement                                   2018          2017          2018          2017          2018     2017     2018             2017




For personal use only
                    of comprehensive income                                   $M            $M            $M            $M            $M       $M       $M               $M
                    External revenue
                    Gross property income                                    2.8            1.0          12.6           9.3              –      –      15.4             10.3
                    Management income                                      118.9           53.7          53.2          44.3              –      –     172.1             98.0
                    Development income                                      45.9           43.0         664.0         813.4              –      –     709.9            856.4
                    Dividends from investments                               1.3            3.7             –             –              –      –       1.3              3.7
                    Total external revenue                                 168.9          101.4         729.8         867.0              –      –     898.7            968.4
                    Reportable segment profit
                    before income tax                                      151.8          120.6         166.3         167.0            2.2     1.1    320.3            288.7
                    Other key components of financial
                    performance included in reportable
                    segment profit before income tax
                    Share of net results of equity accounted
                    investments (before fair value adjustments)              42.2          54.8            7.2           5.8           2.2     1.1     51.6             61.7
                    Material non-cash items not included
                    in reportable segment profit before
                    income tax
                    Share of fair value adjustments in equity
                    accounted investments                                    32.3          22.8            9.7           0.2         10.4      2.0     52.4             25.0
                    Consolidated statement                                   2018          2017          2018          2017          2018     2017     2018             2017
                    of financial position                                     $M            $M            $M            $M            $M       $M       $M               $M
                    Reportable segment assets                              979.8          774.5         696.0         697.4         109.8     89.6   1,785.6      1,561.5
                    Investments accounted for using the
                    equity method (included in reportable
                    segment assets)                                        675.5          514.0         122.3          89.2         109.4     48.2     907.2           651.4
                    Total non-current assets                               773.1          642.2         310.4         225.9         109.4     48.2   1,192.9           916.3
                    Reportable segment liabilities                          50.3           31.2          83.1          66.6             –        –     133.4            97.8

                    Reconciliation of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets and liabilities
                                                                                                                                                       2018             2017
                                                                                                                                                        $M               $M
                    Revenue
                    Total revenue for reportable segments                                                                                             898.7            968.4
                    Consolidated revenue                                                                                                              898.7            968.4
                    Profit or loss
                    Total profit before income tax for reportable segments                                                                            320.3            288.7
                    Corporate expenses not allocated to reportable segments                                                                            (28.4)           (23.8)
                                                                                                                                                      291.9            264.9
                    Valuation and other adjustments not included in reportable segment profit
                    before income tax:
                    – Impairment reversals                                                                                                                 –              0.2
                    – Share of fair value adjustments in equity accounted investments                                                                   52.4             25.0
                    – Share based payments expense                                                                                                     (28.4)           (22.7)
                    Net finance expense – refer to note 9                                                                                              (21.3)           (32.2)
                    Consolidated profit before income tax                                                                                             294.6            235.2
                    Assets
                    Total assets for reportable segments                                                                                             1,785.6      1,561.5
                    Other unallocated amounts1                                                                                                         361.3        107.2
                    Consolidated total assets                                                                                                        2,146.9      1,668.7
                    Liabilities
                    Total liabilities for reportable segments                                                                                          133.4            97.8
                    Other unallocated amounts1                                                                                                       1,049.5           880.9
                    Consolidated total liabilities                                                                                                   1,182.9           978.7
                  1. Other unallocated amounts comprise principally receivables from and payables to GL, GIT and their controlled entities.
       152                                                             goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued




       Results for the year continued
       4. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
       Income tax for the period comprises current tax and movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Current tax and movements
       in deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to items recognised in other




For personal use only
       comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the relevant amounts of tax are recognised in other comprehensive income
       or directly in equity respectively.
       Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the period, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the
       reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.
       Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences respectively, being the differences between
       the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets also arise from
       unused tax losses and unused tax credits. Apart from differences which arise on initial recognition of assets and liabilities, all deferred
       tax liabilities and all deferred tax assets, to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the
       asset can be utilised, are recognised.
       The amount of deferred tax recognised is measured based on the expected manner of realisation or settlement of the carrying amount
       of the assets and liabilities, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
       not discounted.
       (a) Taxation in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
       		 2018                                                                                                                                       2017
       		 $M                                                                                                                                          $M
       Current tax expense – Hong Kong profits tax
       Current year                                                                                                              (7.3)                (2.6)
       Adjustment for prior periods                                                                                               0.4                  1.0
                                                                                                                                 (6.9)                (1.6)
       Current tax expense – overseas
       Current year                                                                                                             (15.2)              (15.6)
       Adjustment for prior periods                                                                                               (0.2)               3.4
                                                                                                                                (15.4)              (12.2)
       Deferred tax expense
       Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                          (4.6)                 –
       Benefit of tax losses recognised                                                                                            0.2                  –
                                                                                                                                 (4.4)                  –
       Total income tax expense                                                                                                 (26.7)              (13.8)

       The provision for Hong Kong profits tax for the 2018 financial year is calculated at 16.5% (2017: 16.5%) of the estimated assessable profits
       for the year. Taxation for overseas subsidiaries is charged at the appropriate current rates of taxation ruling in the relevant countries.
       (b) Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates
       		 2018                                                                                                                                       2017
       		 $M                                                                                                                                          $M
       Profit before income tax                                                                                           294.6                     235.2
       Notional tax on profit before income tax, calculated at the rates applicable to profits in the countries concerned (78.8)                     (64.2)
       (Increase)/decrease in income tax due to:
       – Current year losses for which no deferred tax asset was recognised                                                  (9.8)                    (8.2)
       – Non–assessable income                                                                                              74.1                     61.7
       – Non–deductible expense                                                                                            (17.6)                   (10.7)
       – Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                                                    5.2                      3.2
       – Adjustment for prior periods                                                                                         0.2                      4.4
       Income tax expense                                                                                                 (26.7)                    (13.8)

       (c) Net income tax payable
       		 2018                                                                                                                                       2017
       		 $M                                                                                                                                          $M
       Net balance at the beginning of the year                                                                                 (15.1)              (15.1)
       Decrease/(increase) in current net tax payable due to:
       – Net income taxes paid                                                                                                   26.1                13.8
       – Net income tax expense on current year’s profit                                                                        (22.5)              (18.2)
       – Adjustment for prior periods                                                                                              0.2                4.4
       – Other                                                                                                                    (0.7)                 –
       Net balance at the end of the year                                                                                       (12.0)              (15.1)
       Current tax receivables                                                                                                     2.5                0.2
       Current tax payables                                                                                                     (14.5)              (15.3)
                                                                                                                                (12.0)              (15.1)

       (d) Deferred tax assets and liabilities
       Deferred tax assets of $0.2 million (2017: $nil) arising from tax losses and deferred tax liabilities of $4.7 million (2017: $0.1 million)
       arising from other receivables were recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position.
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                          153




                    Results for the year continued                                          Investment property carrying values include the costs of acquiring
                    5. PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY SHAREHOLDERS                           the assets and subsequent costs of development, including
                    OF THE COMPANY                                                          costs of all labour and materials used in construction, costs
                                                                                            of managing the projects, holding costs and borrowing costs
                    The consolidated profit attributable to equity shareholders of the      incurred during the development periods.
                    Company includes a profit of $222.1 million (2017: $29.1 million)




For personal use only
                    which has been dealt with in the financial statements of                Amounts provided to customers as lease incentives and assets
                    the Company.                                                            relating to fixed rental income increases in operating lease
                                                                                            contracts are included within investment property values. Lease
                    OPERATING ASSETS AND LIABILITIES                                        incentives are amortised over the term of the lease on a straight-
                    6. PROPERTY ASSETS                                                      line basis. Direct expenditure associated with leasing a property is
                    (a) Types of property assets                                            also capitalised within investment property values and amortised
                                                                                            over the term of the lease.
                    Investment in property assets includes both inventories and
                    investment properties (including those under development),              Classification of investment properties
                    which may be held either directly or through investments in             Investment properties are classified as either properties under
                    managed partnerships.                                                   development or stabilised properties. Investment properties under
                    Inventories                                                             development include land, new investment properties in the
                                                                                            course of construction and investment properties that are being
                    Inventories relate to land and property developments that are           redeveloped. Stabilised investment properties are all investment
                    held for sale or development and sale in the normal course of           properties not classified as being under development and would
                    business. Where property developments are forecast to be                be completed properties that are leased or are available for lease
                    completed and sold more than 12 months after the reporting              to customers.
                    date, then the inventories are classified as non-current.
                                                                                            For investment properties under development, the carrying values
                    Work in progress in relation to land subdivision and development        are reviewed by management at each reporting date to consider
                    projects includes the costs of acquisition, planning, management        whether they reflect their fair value and at completion external
                    and development and holding costs such as interest and taxes.           valuations are obtained to determine the fair values.
                    Inventories are carried at the lower of cost or net realisable value.   For stabilised investment properties, independent valuations
                    Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the normal       are obtained at least every three years to determine the fair
                    course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and          values. At each reporting date between obtaining independent
                    selling expenses. The calculation of net realisable value requires      valuations, the carrying values are reviewed by management to
                    estimates and assumptions which are continually evaluated               ensure they reflect the fair values.
                    and are based on historical experience and expectations of
                    future events that are believed to be reasonable under the              Deposits for investment properties
                    circumstances.                                                          Deposits and other costs associated with acquiring investment
                    Investment properties                                                   properties that are incurred prior to obtaining legal title are
                                                                                            recorded at cost and disclosed as other assets in the statement
                    Investment properties comprise investment interests in land and         of financial position.
                    buildings held for the purpose of leasing to produce rental income
                    and/or for capital appreciation. Investment properties are carried
                    at fair value. The calculation of fair value requires estimates and
                    assumptions which are continually evaluated and are based on
                    historical experience and expectations of future events that are
                    believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Investment
                    properties are not depreciated as they are subject to continual
                    maintenance and regularly revalued on the basis described below.
                    Changes in the fair value of investment properties are recognised
                    directly in profit or loss.
                    Components of investment properties
                    Land and buildings (including integral plant and equipment)
                    comprising investment properties are regarded as composite
                    assets and are disclosed as such in the consolidated
                    financial statements.
       154                                                              goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Operating assets and liabilities continued
       6. PROPERTY ASSETS CONTINUED
       (b) Summary of the Consolidated Entity’s investment in property assets
       		 2018                                                                                                                                     2017
         Note $M                                                                                                                                    $M




For personal use only
       Directly held property:
       Inventories
       Current		                                                     172.2 127.1
       Non-current		                                                 196.0 188.3
                                                               6(d)  368.2 315.4
       Investment properties
       Investment properties under development                 6(e)      –  22.5
       		                                                                –  22.5
       Property held by managed partnerships:
       Investments accounted for using the equity method – JVs  6(f) 907.2 651.4
       		                                                            907.2 651.4

       (c) Estimates and assumptions in determining property                     External valuations are undertaken only where market segments
       carrying values                                                           were observed to be active. In making the determination of
       Inventories                                                               whether a market segment is active, the following characteristics
                                                                                 are considered:
       For both inventories held directly and inventories held in managed
       partnerships, external valuations are not performed but instead           + function of the asset (distribution/warehouse or suburban
       valuations are determined using the feasibility studies supporting          office);
       the land and property developments. The end values of the                 + location of the asset (city, suburb or regional area);
       developments in the feasibility studies are based on assumptions          + carrying value of the asset (categorised by likely appeal
       such as capitalisation rates, letting up periods and incentives that        to private (including syndicates), national and institutional
       are consistent with those observed in the relevant market. Where            investors); and
       the feasibility study calculations indicate that the forecast cost of a   + categorisation as primary or secondary based on a
       completed development will exceed the net realisable value, then            combination of location, weighted average lease expiry,
       the inventories are impaired.                                               quality of tenant covenant (internal assessment based on
                                                                                   available market evidence) and age of construction.
       Stabilised investment properties
       The fair value of stabilised investment properties is based on            Each property asset is assessed and grouped with assets in
       current prices in an active market for similar properties in the          the same or similar market segments. Information on all relevant
       same location and condition and subject to similar lease and              recent sales is also analysed using the same criteria to provide a
       other contracts. The current price is the estimated amount for            comparative set. Unless three or more sales are observed in an
       which a property could be exchanged between a willing buyer               individual market segment (taken together with any comparable
       and a willing seller in an arm’s length transaction after proper          market segments as necessary), that market segment is
       marketing wherein the parties had each acted knowledgably,                considered inactive.
       prudently and without compulsion.                                         Where a market segment is observed to be active, then external,
       Approach to determination of fair value                                   independent valuations are performed for stabilised investment
                                                                                 properties where there has been more than a 25 basis point
       The approach to determination of fair value of investment                 movement in capitalisation rates and/or there has been a material
       properties is applied to both investment properties held directly         change in tenancy profile and/or there has been significant capital
       and investment properties held in managed partnerships.                   expenditure, and/or there has been a change in use (or zoning)
       Valuations are determined based on assessments and estimates              of the asset and/or it has been three years since the previous
       of uncertain future events, including upturns and downturns in            external, independent valuation. For all other stabilised investment
       property markets and availability of similar properties, vacancy          properties in an active market segment, an internal valuation
       rates, market rents and capitalisation and discount rates. Recent         is performed based on observable capitalisation rates and
       and relevant sales evidence and other market data are taken into          referenced to independent market data.
       account. Valuations are either based on an external, independent          Where a market segment is observed to be inactive, then no
       valuation or on an internal valuation.                                    external, independent valuations are performed and internal
                                                                                 valuations are undertaken based on discounted cash flow (DCF)
                                                                                 calculations. The DCF calculations are prepared over a 10 year
                                                                                 period. The key inputs considered for each individual calculation
                                                                                 are rental growth rates, discount rates, market rental rates and
                                                                                 letting up incentives. Discount rates are computed using the 10
                                                                                 year bond rate or equivalent in each jurisdiction plus increments
                                                                                 to reflect country risk, tenant credit risk and industry risk. Where
                                                                                 possible, the components of the discount rate are benchmarked
                                                                                 to available market data.
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                  155




                    Operating assets and liabilities continued                             (d) Inventories
                    6. PROPERTY ASSETS CONTINUED                                                                                        2018        2017
                                                                                                                                         $M          $M
                    (c) Estimates and assumptions in determining property
                    carrying values continued                                              Current
                                                                                           Land and development properties             172.2       127.1
                    Market assessment




For personal use only
                                                                                                                                       172.2       127.1
                    At 30 June 2018, all markets in which the Consolidated Entity
                                                                                           Non-current
                    operated were observed to be active and no adjustments were
                                                                                           Land and development properties             196.0       188.3
                    made to the carrying value of stabilised investment properties
                    arising from internal valuations using DCF calculations. Overall                                                   196.0       188.3
                    weighted average capitalisation rates for the divisional portfolios    No impairment losses on land and development properties was
                    (including managed partnerships) are set out in the table below:       recognised in the current and comparative financial years.
                                                             Total portfolio weighted
                                                            average capitalisation rate
                                                                                           (e) Investment properties
                                                                 2018             2017     Reconciliation of carrying amount of directly held
                    Division                                        %                %     investment properties
                    Asia                                            6.1              6.3                                                2018        2017
                                                                                                                                         $M          $M
                    Continental Europe                              5.1              5.4
                    United Kingdom                                  4.7              5.3   Carrying amount at the beginning of the year 22.5        45.2
                                                                                           Capital expenditure                            0.1         2.4
                    Investment properties under development                                Carrying value of properties sold                –      (24.5)
                    External valuations are generally not performed for investment         Transfers to inventories                     (23.5)          –
                    properties under development, but instead valuations are               Effect of foreign currency translation         0.9        (0.6)
                    determined using the feasibility studies supporting the                Carrying amount at the end of the year           –       22.5
                    developments. The end values of the developments in the                Analysed as:
                    feasibility studies are based on assumptions such as capitalisation    Investment properties under development          –       22.5
                    rates, letting up periods and incentives that are consistent with
                    those observed in the relevant market adjusted for a profit                                                             –       22.5
                    and risk factor. This profit and risk factor is dependent on the
                    function, location, size and current status of the development
                    and is generally in a market range of 10% to 15%. This adjusted
                    end value is then compared to the forecast cost of a completed
                    development to determine whether there is an increase or
                    decrease in value.
       156                                                              goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Operating assets and liabilities continued
       6. PROPERTY ASSETS CONTINUED
       (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method
       The Consolidated Entity’s principal managed partnerships are set out below:
                                                                    Consolidated share                 Consolidated                 Consolidated




For personal use only
                                                                       of net results                    ownership                   investment
                                                                        recognised                        interest                carrying amount
                                        Country of                 2018             2017            2018           2017           2018         2017
       Name                             establishment               $M                $M              %              %             $M           $M
       Property investment
       Goodman China Logistics
       Partnership (“GCLP”)    Cayman Islands  58.5                                40.2             20.0           20.0          545.8       447.6
       KWASA Goodman
       Germany (“KGG”)         Luxembourg      16.4                                  6.0            19.7           23.8          121.8        89.2
       Goodman UK
       Partnership (“GUKP”)    United Kingdom  12.6                                  3.1            33.3           33.3          109.4        48.2
       Property development
       Goodman Japan
       Development Partnership
       (“GJDP”)                Japan           17.5                                37.4 50.0 46.0 125.1                                       60.9
       Other JVs		                              (1.0)                                 –			          5.1                                        5.5
       		                                     104.0                                86.7			        907.2                                      651.4

       GJDP undertakes property development activities, with completed developments sold at, or shortly after, completion depending on
       leasing status. The Consolidated Entity’s other partnerships have a long-term remit to hold investment properties to earn rental income
       and for capital appreciation, although they will undertake developments when an appropriate opportunity arises.
       The reconciliation of the carrying value at the beginning to the carrying value at the end of the year is set out as follows:
                                                                                                                                  2018        2017
       Movements in carrying amount of investments in JVs                                                                          $M          $M
       Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                                             651.4        629.5
       Share of net results after tax (before fair value adjustments)                                                             51.6         61.7
       Share of fair value adjustments                                                                                            52.4         25.0
       Share of net results after tax                                                                                           104.0          86.7
       Share of movements in reserves                                                                                             26.6        (15.4)
       Acquisitions                                                                                                             182.8          72.8
       Capital return                                                                                                            (60.5)       (48.9)
       Disposals                                                                                                                     –          (3.4)
       Dividends/distributions received and receivable                                                                           (34.5)       (46.0)
       Effect of foreign currency translation                                                                                     37.4        (23.9)
       Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                                   907.2        651.4
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                      157




                    Operating assets and liabilities continued
                    6. PROPERTY ASSETS CONTINUED
                    (f) Investments accounted for using the equity method
                    Summary financial information of JVs
                    The following table summarises the financial information of the material managed partnerships as included in their own financial




For personal use only
                    statements. The table also reconciles the summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the Consolidated Entity’s interest
                    in the JVs.
                                                                                   GCLP                         KGG                      GUKP                        GJDP
                                                                            2018          2017          2018           2017        2018           2017         2018          2017
                                                                             $M            $M            $M             $M          $M             $M           $M            $M
                    Summarised statement of financial position
                    Current assets
                    Cash and cash equivalents                  191.3     150.4                         57.9            29.4         3.5           4.0          93.0          24.3
                    Other current assets                         23.4      26.6                         2.9             1.6         3.3           1.7          28.6          35.7
                    Total current assets                       214.7     177.0                         60.8            31.0         6.8           5.7         121.6          60.0
                    Total non-current assets                 3,326.6   2,752.8                      1,156.5           692.6       325.1         142.7         413.7         250.9
                    Current liabilities
                    Other current liabilities                1,962.1   1,863.9                          49.9           15.3          4.8           4.9           3.0           0.9
                    Total current liabilities                1,962.1   1,863.9                          49.9           15.3          4.8           4.9           3.0           0.9
                    Non-current liabilities
                    Financial liabilities (excluding trade
                    payables and other provisions)             428.2     394.0                         514.6          310.0           –             –         280.4         178.6
                    Other non-current liabilities              215.7     152.7                          33.8           23.4           –             –           3.1           1.7
                    Total non-current liabilities              643.9     546.7                         548.4          333.4           –             –         283.5         180.3
                    Net assets (100%)                          935.3     519.2                         619.0          374.9       327.1         143.5         248.8         129.7
                    Consolidated ownership interest (%)          20.0      20.0                         19.7           23.8        33.3          33.3          50.0          46.0
                    Consolidated share of net assets           187.1     103.8                         121.8           89.2       109.0          47.8         124.4          59.7
                    Shareholder loans1                         355.6     341.4                             –              –           –             –             –             –
                    Other items, including acquisition costs      3.1        2.4                           –              –         0.4           0.4           0.7           1.2
                    Carrying amount of interest in JV          545.8     447.6                         121.8           89.2       109.4          48.2         125.1          60.9
                    Summarised statement of comprehensive income
                    Revenue                                    130.3     109.9                          97.2           38.2          9.3            5.0        38.0         104.3
                    Depreciation and amortisation                   –          –                            –              –           –           (0.2)           –             –
                    Interest expense                            (22.2)    (15.6)                         (6.9)          (6.4)          –              –         (0.1)            –
                    Income tax expense                          (26.8)      (9.0)                      (17.2)           (4.4)          –              –         (3.0)        (13.7)
                    Profit and total comprehensive
                    income (100%)                              425.4     201.5                          73.1           27.4         37.9           9.4         34.9          90.0
                    Consolidated share of profit and
                    total comprehensive income                   85.1      40.2                         16.4            6.0         12.6           3.1         17.5          37.4
                    Dividends/distributions received
                    and receivable by the Consolidated Entity     8.8        3.4                          6.2           5.2             –             –        19.4          37.4
                  1. Shareholder loans have been provided by investors of GCLP in proportion to their ownership interest. The shareholder loans are interest free, unsecured and
                     have no fixed terms of repayment. The shareholder loans are not expected to be repaid within 12 months from the end of the reporting period and the directors
                     consider the loans to form part of the Consolidated Entity’s investment in GCLP.
       158                                                             goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Operating assets and liabilities continued                              Impairment losses recognised in respect of cash-generating units
       7. RECEIVABLES                                                          are allocated to the carrying amount of any identified intangible
                                                                               asset and then to reduce the carrying amount of the other assets
       Non-derivative financial assets                                         in the unit (group of units) on a pro rata basis.
       The Consolidated Entity initially recognises loans and receivables
       and deposits on the date that they are originated. All other            Financial assets




For personal use only
       financial assets are recognised initially on the trade date at which    A financial asset is assessed at each reporting date to determine
       the Consolidated Entity becomes a party to the contractual              whether there is any indication of impairment. If such indication
       provisions of the instrument.                                           exists, the financial asset is written down to the present value of
                                                                               the estimated future cash flows discounted at the original effective
       The Consolidated Entity derecognises a financial asset when the         interest rate. The impairment is recognised in profit or loss in the
       contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or it       reporting period in which it occurs.
       transfers the right to receive the contractual cash flows on the
       financial asset in a transaction in which substantially all the risks   Calculation of recoverable amount
       and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred.        The recoverable amount of the Consolidated Entity’s receivables
       Any interest in transferred financial assets that is created or         carried at amortised cost is calculated as the present value of
       retained by the Consolidated Entity is recognised as a separate         estimated future cash flows, discounted at the original effective
       asset or liability.                                                     interest rate (i.e. the effective interest rate computed at initial
       Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount          recognition of these financial assets). Receivables with a short
       presented in the statement of financial position when, and only         duration are not discounted.
       when, the Consolidated Entity has a legal right to offset the           Impairment of receivables is not recognised until objective
       amounts and intends to either settle on a net basis or to realise       evidence is available that a loss event has occurred. Significant
       the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.                      receivables are individually assessed for impairment.
       Loans and receivables                                                   The recoverable amount of other assets is the greater of their
       Loans and receivables are financial assets with fixed or                fair value less costs to sell, and value in use. In assessing value
       determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market.          in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their
       Such assets are recognised initially at fair value plus any directly    present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current
       attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition,      market assessments of the time value of money and the risks
       loans and receivables are measured at amortised cost using the          specific to the asset. For an asset that does not generate largely
       effective interest rate method, less allowance for impairment of        independent cash inflows, the recoverable amount is determined
       doubtful debts, except where the receivables are interest free          for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
       loans made to related parties without any fixed repayment terms
       or the effect of discounting would be immaterial. In such cases,        Reversals of impairment
       the receivables are stated at cost less allowance for impairment        An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset’s
       of doubtful debts.                                                      carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would
                                                                               have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no
       Loans and receivables comprise trade and other receivables,             impairment loss had been recognised.
       amounts due from related parties and loans to related parties.
                                                                               Impairment losses are reversed when there is an indication
       Amounts recoverable on development contracts                            that the impairment loss may no longer exist and there
       Amounts recoverable on development contracts arise when the             has been a change in the estimate used to determine the
       Consolidated Entity contracts to sell a completed development           recoverable amount.
       asset either prior to or during the development phase. The
       receivables are stated at cost plus profit recognised to date           Where a group of assets working together supports the
       less an allowance for foreseeable losses and less amounts               generation of cash inflows, the recoverable amount is assessed
       already billed.                                                         in relation to that group of assets.

       Impairment                                                              In assessing recoverable amounts of non-current assets, the
                                                                               relevant cash flows are discounted to their present value.
       Non-financial assets
                                                                               		2018                                                          2017
       The carrying amounts of the Consolidated Entity’s assets (except          Note $M                                                        $M
       inventories, refer to note 6(d); investment properties, refer to note
       6(e); and deferred tax assets, refer to note 4) are reviewed at each    Current
       reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of          Trade receivables		                     45.5  29.2
       impairment. If such indication exists, the asset is written down to     Other receivables		                     71.3  49.1
       the recoverable amount. The impairment is recognised in profit or       Amounts due from related parties		     102.1  41.9
       loss in the reporting period in which it occurs.                        Loans to related parties         18(c) 365.5 110.5
                                                                               Amounts recoverable on
       An impairment loss is recognised whenever the carrying amount           development contracts		                 75.2 284.5
       of an asset or its cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable         		                                     659.6 515.2
       amount. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss,
       unless an asset has previously been revalued, in which case the         Non-current
       impairment loss is recognised as a reversal to the extent of that       Loans to related parties         18(c)  57.5  26.6
       previous revaluation, with any excess recognised through profit         		                                      57.5  26.6
       or loss.
                                                                               The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is
                                                                               the fair value of each class of receivable mentioned above. All
                                                                               non-current receivables of the Consolidated Entity are due within
                                                                               five years from the reporting date. There is no material difference
                                                                               between the carrying values and the fair values of receivables.
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                                159




                    Operating assets and liabilities continued                                  		2018                                                              2017
                                                                                                  Note $M                                                            $M
                    7. RECEIVABLES CONTINUED
                                                                                                Current
                    Trade receivables
                                                                                                Trade payables		                   38.1  27.4
                    No trade receivables were impaired at 30 June 2018 and                      Other payables and accruals		      68.7  48.6
                    2017. There are no significant overdue trade receivables at                 Loans from related parties  18(c) 798.1 795.8




For personal use only
                    30 June 2018.
                                                                                                		                                904.9 871.8
                    Other receivables                                                           Non-current
                    At 30 June 2018, none of the other receivables balance was                  Other payables and accruals		      48.4  15.0
                    overdue or impaired (2017: $nil).                                           Loans from related parties  18(c)  98.9  56.5
                    Amounts due from related parties                                            		                                147.3  71.5
                    At 30 June 2018, none of the amounts due from related parties               CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
                    was overdue or impaired (2017: $nil). Amounts due from related
                                                                                                9. FINANCE INCOME AND EXPENSE
                    parties are typically repayable within 30 days. The amounts due
                    from related parties are unsecured.                                         Finance income
                                                                                                Interest is recognised on an accruals basis using the effective
                    Loans to related parties
                                                                                                interest rate method, and, if not received at the reporting date,
                    Loans to related parties principally relate to loans to fellow              is reflected in the statement of financial position as a receivable.
                    subsidiaries of GL and GIT and loans to JVs. Refer to note
                    18(c) for details of loans to related parties. During the year, no          Finance expense
                    impairment losses were recognised on loans to related parties               Expenditure incurred in obtaining debt finance is offset against the
                    (2017: reversal of impairment loss of $0.2 million). The loans to           principal amount of the interest bearing liability to which it relates,
                    related parties are unsecured.                                              and is recognised as a finance cost on an effective interest rate
                                                                                                basis over the life of the facility or until the facility is significantly
                    Amounts recoverable on development contracts
                                                                                                modified. Where a facility is significantly modified, any unamortised
                    At 30 June 2018, amounts recoverable on development contracts               expenditure in relation to that facility and incremental expenditure
                    included costs incurred and recognised profits (less recognised             incurred in modifying the facility are recognised as a finance cost
                    losses) to date of $75.2 million (2017: $286.1 million).                    in the financial year in which the significant modification occurs.
                    At 30 June 2018 and 2017, there were no retentions relating                 Finance costs relating to a qualifying asset are capitalised as part
                    to ongoing developments that have been included in amounts                  of the cost of that asset using a weighted average cost of debt.
                    recoverable on development contracts.                                       Qualifying assets are assets which take a substantial time to get
                    8. PAYABLES                                                                 ready for their intended use or sale. All other finance costs are
                                                                                                expensed using the effective interest rate method.
                    Non-derivative financial liabilities
                                                                                                		2018                                                              2017
                    The Consolidated Entity initially recognises debt securities issued
                                                                                                  Note $M                                                            $M
                    and subordinated liabilities on the date that they are originated. All
                    other financial liabilities are recognised initially on the trade date at   Finance income
                    which the Consolidated Entity becomes a party to the contractual            Interest income on loans to:
                    provisions of the instrument.                                               – Related parties            18(c)    2.8     0.8
                                                                                                – Other parties		                     0.3     0.2
                    The Consolidated Entity derecognises a financial liability when the
                                                                                                		                                    3.1     1.0
                    contractual obligations are discharged or cancelled or expire.
                                                                                                Finance expense
                    Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount              Interest expense on loans
                    presented in the statement of financial position when, and only             from related parties         18(c) (30.5)  (45.4)
                    when, the Consolidated Entity has a legal right to offset the               Other borrowing costs		              (0.4)   (0.3)
                    amounts and intends to either settle on a net basis or to realise           Foreign exchange loss                 –      (0.3)
                    the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.                          Capitalised borrowing costs		         6.5   12.8
                    The Consolidated Entity has classified non-derivative financial             		                                 (24.4)  (33.2)
                    liabilities into the other financial liabilities category. Such financial   Net finance expense		              (21.3)  (32.2)
                    liabilities are recognised initially at fair value plus any directly
                    attributable transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition,          Borrowing costs were capitalised to inventories and investment
                    these financial liabilities are measured at amortised cost using the        properties under development during the financial year at rates
                    effective interest rate method.                                             between 0.9% and 5.9% per annum (2017: 1.2% and 6.6%
                                                                                                per annum).
                    Other financial liabilities comprise trade and other payables and
                    loans from related parties (refer to note 18(c)).
       160                                                                      goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Capital management continued                                                     11. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
       10. OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS                                                       The Consolidated Entity’s capital management and financial
       Available for sale financial assets                                              risk management processes are managed as part of the wider
                                                                                        Goodman Group. There are established policies, documented
       Available for sale financial assets are non-derivative financial                 in Goodman Group’s financial risk management (FRM) policy
       assets that are designated as available for sale and that are                    document, to ensure both the efficient use of capital and the




For personal use only
       not classified in any of the other categories of financial assets.               appropriate management of the exposure to financial risk.
       Subsequent to initial recognition, they are measured at fair
       value and changes therein, other than impairment losses, are                     The Goodman Group Investment Committee is the primary forum
       recognised as other comprehensive income and presented in                        where strategic capital and financial management requirements
       the asset revaluation reserve in equity. When such an asset is                   are discussed and decisions made in accordance with the FRM
       derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss in equity is transferred               policy. The Goodman Group Investment Committee meets at
       to profit or loss.                                                               least every week during the financial year.
       Available for sale financial assets comprise investments in                      Financial risk management
       equity securities.                                                               The Consolidated Entity’s key financial risks are market risk
       Impairment                                                                       (including foreign exchange and interest rate risk), liquidity risk
                                                                                        and credit risk.
       Available for sale financial assets are assessed at each reporting
       date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If              (a) Market risk
       such indication exists, the asset is written down to its fair value.             Foreign exchange risk
       When a decline in the fair value of an available for sale financial              The Consolidated Entity is exposed to foreign exchange risk
       asset has been recognised directly in equity and there is objective              through its investments in Hong Kong, Japan, China, Continental
       evidence that the asset is impaired, the cumulative loss that had                Europe and the United Kingdom. Foreign exchange risk
       been recognised directly in equity is transferred to profit or loss.             represents the loss that would be recognised from fluctuations in
       The amount of the cumulative loss that is recognised in profit or                currency prices against the Australian dollar as a result of future
       loss is the difference between the acquisition cost and current fair             commercial transactions, recognised assets and liabilities and,
       value, less any impairment loss on that financial asset previously               principally, net investments in foreign operations.
       recognised in profit or loss.
                                                                                        Goodman Group manages foreign currency exposure on a
       Reversals of impairment                                                          consolidated basis. In managing foreign currency risks, Goodman
       Impairment losses recognised in profit or loss in for an investment              Group aims to reduce the impact of short-term fluctuations on
       in an equity instrument classified as available for sale are not                 earnings and net assets. However, over the long term, permanent
       reversed through profit or loss.                                                 changes in foreign exchange will have an impact on both earnings
                                                                                        and net assets.
                                                            2018                 2017
                                                             $M                   $M    Goodman Group’s capital hedge policy for each overseas
       Available for sale equity securities                                             region is to hedge between 65% and 90% of foreign currency
       Investment in unlisted securities,                                               denominated assets with foreign currency denominated liabilities.
       at fair value1                                        21.5                20.5   This is achieved by borrowing in the same functional currency as
                                                                                        the investments to form a natural economic hedge against any
                                                             21.5                20.5   foreign currency fluctuations and/or using derivatives such as
     1. Principally relates to the Consolidated Entity’s 10% (2017: 10.0%) interest     cross currency interest rate swaps.
        in Goodman Japan Limited. During the year, no gains or losses on
        investment in unlisted securities were recognised in other comprehensive
        income (2017: gain of $5.7 million). Refer to note 11(d) for assumptions
        made in measuring fair value of the unlisted securities.
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                           161




                    Capital management continued
                    11. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT CONTINUED
                    (a) Market risk continued
                    Exposure to currency risk
                    The following table details the Consolidated Entity’s exposure at the end of the year to currency risk arising from recognised assets or




For personal use only
                    liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the
                    amounts of the exposure are shown in Australian dollars, translated using the spot rate at the year end date.
                    		Exposure to foreign currencies (expressed in Australian dollars)
                    		HKD                           USD              EUR                                                                    GBP                JPY
                      Note          $M                $M              $M                                                                     $M                 $M
                    As at 30 June 2018
                    Receivables           7  37.9     61.0   618.0                                                                             –                0.2
                    Cash               14(a) 53.9     48.4     8.4                                                                           0.4                4.4
                    Payables              8   (6.0) (461.1) (448.1)                                                                        (53.6)             (38.6)
                    		                       85.8   (351.7)  178.3                                                                         (53.2)             (34.0)
                    As at 30 June 2017
                    Receivables           7    8.6    46.0   487.0                                                                             –                0.2
                    Cash               14(a) 16.1     37.8     4.5                                                                          41.3                8.2
                    Payables              8   (3.6) (502.9) (373.7)                                                                        (31.0)             (19.3)
                    		 21.1                         (419.1)  117.8                                                                          10.3              (10.9)

                    Sensitivity analysis
                    Throughout the financial year, if the Australian dollar had been 5% (2017: 5%) stronger against all other currencies, with all other
                    variables held constant, the Consolidated Entity’s profit attributable to Shareholders would have decreased by $17.4 million (2017:
                    $13.4 million). If the Australian dollar had been 5% (2017: 5%) weaker against all other currencies, with all other variables held constant,
                    the Consolidated Entity’s profit attributable to Shareholders would have increased by $17.4 million (2017: $13.4 million).
                    Interest rate risk
                    The Consolidated Entity’s interest rate risk primarily arises from variable rate borrowings with related parties.
                    Sensitivity analysis
                    Based on the Consolidated Entity’s interest bearing borrowings at 30 June 2018, if interest rates on borrowings had been 100 basis
                    points per annum (2017: 100 basis points per annum) higher/lower, with all other variables held constant, the Consolidated Entity’s
                    profit attributable to Shareholders for the financial year would have been $5.4 million lower/higher (2017: $7.5 million lower/higher).
                    Price risk
                    The Consolidated Entity is not exposed to price risk.
                    (b) Liquidity risk
                    Liquidity risk is the risk that the Consolidated Entity will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. The Consolidated
                    Entity’s objective is to maintain sufficient liquidity resources for working capital, meet its financial obligations and liabilities, pay
                    distributions and provide funds for capital expenditure and investment opportunities. Management seeks to achieve these objectives
                    through the preparation of regular forecast cash flows to understand the application and use of funds and through the identification of
                    future funding, primarily through loans from related parties in Goodman Group.
                    The contractual maturities of financial liabilities are set out below:
                                                 Carrying    Contractual          Up to					                                                              More than
                                                  amount      cash flows      12 months 1–2 year(s) 2–3 years 3–4 years 4–5 years                           5 years
                                                      $M              $M            $M         $M         $M        $M        $M                                $M
                    As at 30 June 2018
                    Trade and other payables     155.2             155.2          106.8           48.4               –               –             –             –
                    Loans from related parties   897.0             919.2          801.2            3.4             3.5             3.6          42.3          65.2
                    Total                      1,052.2           1,074.4          908.0           51.8             3.5             3.6          42.3          65.2
                    As at 30 June 2017
                    Trade and other payables      91.0              91.0           76.0           15.0               –               –                –          –
                    Loans from related parties   852.3             871.8          798.0            2.3             2.4             2.5              2.6       64.0
                    Total                        943.3             962.8          874.0           17.3             2.4             2.5              2.6       64.0
       162                                                            goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Capital management continued
       11. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT CONTINUED
       (c) Credit risk
       Credit risk represents the loss that would be recognised if counterparties failed to perform as contracted.
       The maximum exposure to credit risk on financial assets, excluding investments, of the Consolidated Entity which have been




For personal use only
       recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position, is the carrying amount (refer to note 7).
       The Consolidated Entity has a policy of assessing the creditworthiness of all potential customers and is not materially exposed to any
       one customer. The Consolidated Entity evaluates all customers’ perceived credit risk.
       In relation to material bank deposits, the Consolidated Entity minimises credit risk by dealing with major financial institutions. The
       counterparty must have a stable, long-term credit rating that is a minimum of an “A” category (or equivalent) from a major rating agency.
       The amounts and other terms associated with bank deposits are formally reviewed monthly.
       From time to time, the Consolidated Entity also makes loans to JVs, typically to fund development projects. In making its investment
       decisions, the Consolidated Entity will undertake a detailed assessment of the development feasibility and credit risks associated with
       the relevant counterparties.
       (d) Fair values of financial instruments
       Except for investments in unlisted securities which are carried at fair value, the Consolidated Entity’s financial instruments are carried at
       cost or amortised cost. The carrying amounts of the Consolidated Entity’s financial instruments carried at cost or amortised cost were
       not materially different from their fair values as at 30 June 2018 and 2017.
       (i) Valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs
       The fair value measurement for available for sale equity securities has been categorised as a Level 3 fair value. The following table
       shows the valuation technique used in measuring fair value as well as the significant unobservable inputs used:

                                                                                                               Inter-relationship between
                                                                                                               significant unobservable inputs
       Type                 Valuation technique                       Significant unobservable inputs          and fair value measurement
       Equity               Discounted cash flows: The                + Assets under management of            The estimated fair value would
       securities           valuation model was determined by            $3.6 billion in year five             increase/(decrease) if:
       – Goodman            discounting the future cash flows         + Average annual development of         + the level of development
       Japan Limited        expected to be generated from                96,000 sqm                               activity, assets under
                            continuing operations. The future         + Five year terminal value growth          management and terminal
                            cash flows were based on fund and            rate of 1.22%                            value growth rate were higher/
                            development forecasts and then            + Risk adjusted discount rate of           (lower)
                            estimating a year five terminal value        7.28% per annum                       + the risk adjusted discount rate
                            using a terminal growth rate and an                                                   were lower/(higher)
                            appropriate discount rate
       (ii) Reconciliation of Level 3 fair values
       		 2018                                                                                                                                  2017
       		 $M                                                                                                                                     $M
       Carrying amount at the beginning of the year                                                                           20.5              16.6
       Net change in fair value – included in other comprehensive income                                                         –                5.7
       Effect of foreign currency translation                                                                                  1.0               (1.8)
       Carrying amount at the end of the year                                                                                 21.5              20.5

       12. DIVIDENDS
       During the financial year, the Company declared a final dividend of 5.0 cents per share amounting to $90.0 million. The dividend is
       payable out of FY18 profit after tax. In the prior year, the Company declared and paid a final dividend of 1.0 cent per share amounting
       to $17.8 million out of FY16 profit after tax.
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                               163




                    Capital management continued
                    13. SHARE CAPITAL
                    (a) Ordinary shares
                    Ordinary shares of the Company are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to issues of ordinary shares and options
                    are recognised as a deduction from equity, net of any tax effects.




For personal use only
                                                                                                         2018              2017                2018               2017
                                                                                                            Number of shares                    $M                 $M
                    Share capital            1,800,763,877 1,789,121,143                                                                      675.2              661.7
                    Accumulated issue costs			                                                                                                  (0.6)              (0.6)
                    Total issued capital			                                                                                                   674.6              661.1
                    				                                                                                                                                 Share capital
                    Details			Number of shares                                                                                                                    $M
                    Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid
                    Balance at 1 July 2016                                                                                          1,778,318,630                651.4
                    Shares issued to employees of Goodman Group1                                                                       10,802,513                 10.3
                    Balance at 30 June 2017                                                                                         1,789,121,143                661.7
                    Shares issued to employees of Goodman Group1                                                                       11,642,734                 13.5
                    Balance at 30 June 2018                                                                                         1,800,763,877                675.2
                  1. During the year, the Company issued 11,642,734 (2017: 10,802,513) shares to employees of Goodman Group under the Goodman Group Long Term Incentive
                     Plan (“LTIP”) and Goodman Group Tax Exempt Plan.

                    The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share at
                    meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual assets.
                    (b) Equity settled share based payment transactions
                    Share based payment transactions
                    Goodman Group provides equity based remuneration through the issue of stapled securities under the LTIP. The fair value of rights and
                    options over stapled securities, granted to employees of the Consolidated Entity by Goodman Group at the grant date is recognised
                    as a share based payment expense in the results of the Consolidated Entity with a corresponding increase in equity. The share based
                    payment expense is calculated over the period to the vesting date and is adjusted to reflect the actual number of rights or options for
                    which the related service and non-market vesting conditions are expected to be met. The fair values of rights and options are measured
                    at the grant date using a combination of Monte Carlo simulations and Black Scholes pricing models.
                    Details of the LTIP are set out below.
                    LTIP
                    The LTIP provides for the issue of performance rights to employees. Each performance right issued under the LTIP entitles an employee
                    to acquire a Goodman Group stapled security for nil consideration subject to the vesting conditions having been satisfied.
                    Under the terms of the LTIP and decisions made by the directors of Goodman Group in accordance with the plan, the issues of
                    performance rights on 30 September 2017 and 16 November 2017 to employees and directors respectively were subject to the
                    following broad terms:
                    + the exercise of 25% of the total performance rights will be conditional on Goodman Group achieving a total securityholder return
                      (TSR) in excess of that achieved by 50% of listed entities in the S&P/ASX100 index and the exercise of 75% of the total performance
                      rights will be conditional on Goodman Group achieving an operating earnings per share (EPS) outcome at least at the target level
                      notified to the market over a three year ‘testing period’ which ends on 30 June 2020 and continued employment (subject to special
                      circumstances e.g. death, total and permanent disability, redundancy or retirement). To the extent that Goodman Group achieves the
                      aggregate target operating EPS, 100% of the tranche will vest; to the extent Goodman Group exceeds the 51st percentile in TSR,
                      there are proportionate increases in vesting of performance rights up to 100% at the 76th percentile under the grants made pursuant
                      to the rules and disclosed to the market;
                    + performance rights lapse on the earlier of approximately five years from the offer or the termination of the employee’s employment
                      (unless such termination is due to special circumstances); and
                    + performance rights issued during the year vest in three equal tranches on 1 September 2020, 1 September 2021 and 1 September
                      2022.
       164                                                           goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Capital management continued
       13. SHARE CAPITAL CONTINUED
       (b) Equity settled share based payments transactions continued
       LTIP continued
       Share based payment expense included in profit or loss was as follows:




For personal use only
       		 2018                                                                                                                               2017
       		 $M                                                                                                                                  $M
       Share based payment expense:
       – Equity settled                                                                                                     13.7             13.7
       – Cash settled                                                                                                       14.7              9.0
                                                                                                                            28.4             22.7

       At 30 June 2018, a liability of $22.1 million (2017: $11.8 million) was recognised in relation to cash settled performance rights.

       The movement in the number of equity settled and cash settled Goodman Group performance rights is as follows:
            Number of rights
       		 2018             2017
       Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                                                      18,967,105        14,719,311
       Issued                                                                                                          6,848,150         6,615,850
       Transferred from other Goodman Group entities                                                                           –         1,862,098
       Vested                                                                                                         (3,418,555)       (2,702,106)
       Forfeited                                                                                                      (1,762,741)       (1,528,048)
       Outstanding at the end of the year                                                                            20,633,959        18,967,105
       Exercisable at the end of the year                                                                                      –                 –

       The model inputs for Goodman Group performance rights awarded during the current financial year included the following:
                                                                                                                Rights issued on Rights issued on
                                                                                                                       16 Nov 17        30 Sep 17
       Fair value at measurement date ($)                                                                                   6.70             6.41
       Security price ($)                                                                                                   8.65             8.24
       Exercise price ($)                                                                                                      –                –
       Expected volatility (%)                                                                                             14.88            19.49
       Rights’ expected weighted average life (years)                                                                        3.8              3.9
       Dividend/distribution yield per annum (%)                                                                            3.93             3.85
       Average risk free rate of interest per annum (%)                                                                     2.22             2.43

       The fair value of services received in return for performance rights granted under Goodman Group’s LTIP is measured by reference to
       the fair value of the performance rights granted. The fair value of the performance rights was measured as follows:
       + relative TSR tranche: these rights have been valued using a Monte Carlo model which simulated total returns for each of the S&P/
         ASX100 stocks and discounted the future value of any potential future vesting performance rights to arrive at a present value.
         The model uses statistical analysis to forecast total returns, based on expected parameters of variance and co-variance; and
       + operating EPS tranche: these rights have been valued as a granted call option, using the standard Black Scholes model with
         a continuous dividend yield.
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                          165




                    OTHER ITEMS
                    14. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
                    Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and call deposits with original maturities of three months or less.
                    (a) Reconciliation of cash
                    Cash as at the end of the year as shown in the consolidated cash flow statement is reconciled to the related items in the consolidated




For personal use only
                    statement of financial position as follows:
                    		 2018                                                                                                                             2017
                    		 $M                                                                                                                                $M
                    Cash assets                                                                                                     115.5              107.9

                    (b) Reconciliation of profit for the year to net cash provided by operating activities
                    		 2018                                                                                                                             2017
                    		 $M                                                                                                                                $M
                    Profit for the year                                                                                             267.9              221.4
                    Items classified as investing activities
                    Net loss on disposal of investment properties                                                                        –                0.9
                    Net gain on disposal of equity accounted investments                                                              (0.7)                 –
                    Non-cash items
                    Depreciation of plant and equipment                                                                                2.5                 2.4
                    Share based payments expense                                                                                      28.4               22.7
                    Impairment reversals                                                                                                 –                (0.2)
                    Share of net results of equity accounted investments                                                            (104.0)             (86.7)
                    Net finance expense                                                                                               21.3               32.2
                    Income tax expense                                                                                                26.7               13.8
                                                                                                                                     242.1             206.5
                    Changes in assets and liabilities during the year:
                    – Decrease/(increase) in receivables                                                                            158.5             (150.4)
                    – (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                                                             (29.5)              46.3
                    – Increase in other assets                                                                                         (6.7)              (6.0)
                    – Increase/(decrease) in payables                                                                                 44.4              (16.2)
                    – Increase/(decrease) in provisions (including employee benefits)                                                   4.1               (2.6)
                                                                                                                                    412.9                77.6
                    Dividends/distributions received from equity accounted investments                                                34.5               46.0
                    Net finance costs received/(paid)                                                                                   0.4               (1.4)
                    Net income taxes paid                                                                                            (26.1)             (13.8)
                    Net cash provided by operating activities                                                                       421.7              108.4


                    (c) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                    		                                                                                                                              Loans to/
                      Dividends                                                                                                                         (from)
                        payable                                                                                                                related parties
                            $M                                                                                                                             $M
                    Balance at 1 July 2017                                                                                                 –          (715.2)
                    Changes from financing cash flows
                    Net repayment of loans with related parties                                                                            –           288.8
                    Total changes from financing cash flows                                                                                –           288.8
                    Effect of foreign exchange movements                                                                                   –            (24.8)
                    Other changes
                    Issue of shares                                                                                                      –               13.5
                    Equity settled share based payments                                                                                  –                (8.6)
                    Interest income                                                                                                      –                 2.8
                    Interest expense                                                                                                     –              (30.5)
                    Dividends declared                                                                                               (90.0)                  –
                    Total other changes                                                                                              (90.0)            (22.8)
                    Balance at 30 June 2018                                                                                          (90.0)           (474.0)
       166                                                                      goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued



       Other items continued
       15. RESERVES
                                                                                                              Consolidated                               Company
       		2018                                                                                                            2017                   2018                 2017
         Note $M                                                                                                           $M                    $M                   $M




For personal use only
       Asset revaluation reserve            15(a)                                                     11.2                  11.2                11.2                 11.2
       Foreign currency translation reserve 15(b)                                                     46.3                 (37.7)                  –                    –
       Employee compensation reserve        15(c)                                                     21.0                  15.9                21.0                 15.9
       Common control reserve1              15(d)                                                   (538.1)              (538.1)                   –                    –
       Total reserves		                                                                             (459.6)              (548.7)                32.2                 27.1
     1. The common control reserve arises from the acquisition of entities from other members of Goodman Group under the pooling of interest method. The amount in
        the common control reserve reflects the difference between the consideration paid and the carrying values of the assets and liabilities of the “acquired” entity at
        the date of acquisition.

       The movements in reserves of the Consolidated Entity and the Company are analysed below:
                                                                                                              Consolidated                               Company
                                                                                                      2018               2017                   2018                 2017
                                                                                                       $M                  $M                    $M                   $M
       (a) Asset revaluation reserve
       Balance at the beginning of the year                                                            11.2                 5.5                 11.2                  5.5
       Increase due to revaluation of other financial assets                                              –                 5.7                    –                  5.7
       Balance at the end of the year                                                                  11.2                11.2                 11.2                 11.2
       (b) Foreign currency translation reserve
       Balance at the beginning of the year                                                           (37.7)                (4.6)                   –                    –
       Net exchange differences on conversion of foreign operations                                    84.0               (33.1)                    –                    –
       Balance at the end of the year                                                                  46.3               (37.7)                    –                    –
       (c) Employee compensation reserve
       Balance at the beginning of the year                                                            15.9                11.1                 15.9                 11.1
       Equity settled share based payment transactions                                                  5.1                 4.8                  5.1                  4.8
       Balance at the end of the year                                                                  21.0                15.9                 21.0                 15.9
       (d) Common control reserve
       Balance at the beginning of the year                                                         (538.1)              (538.1)                    –                    –
       Balance at the end of the year                                                               (538.1)              (538.1)                    –                    –

       16. RETAINED EARNINGS
                                                                                                              Consolidated                               Company
       		2018                                                                                                            2017                   2018                 2017
         Note $M                                                                                                           $M                    $M                   $M
       Balance at the beginning of the year		                                                        554.0                355.8                  97.6                86.3
       Profit for the year		                                                                         262.6                216.0                222.1                 29.1
       Dividends declared                    12                                                       (90.0)               (17.8)               (90.0)              (17.8)
       Balance at the end of the year		                                                              726.6                554.0                229.7                 97.6

       17. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
       The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of the
       Consolidated Entity. The class of shares held is ordinary unless otherwise stated.
                                                                                                                                                    Interest held
       		                                                                                                           Country of                  2018              2017
       Significant controlled companies Principal activities                                                     incorporation                    %                 %
       Goodman Asia Limited                            Investment and property management services Hong Kong                                   100.0                100.0
       Goodman China Limited                           Property management and development
                                                       management consultancy services             Hong Kong                                   100.0                100.0
       Goodman China Asset
       Management Limited                    Investment management                                             Cayman Islands                  100.0                100.0
       Goodman Developments Asia             Investment and property development                               Cayman Islands                  100.0                100.0
       GELF Management (Lux) Sàrl            Investment management                                               Luxembourg                    100.0                100.0
       Goodman Management
       Holdings (Lux) Sàrl                   Intermediate holding company                                         Luxembourg                   100.0                100.0
       Goodman Midnight Logistics (Lux) Sàrl Investment holding company                                           Luxembourg                   100.0                100.0
       Goodman Property Opportunities
       (Lux) Sàrl SICAR                      Property investment and development                                  Luxembourg                    94.0                 94.0
       GPO Advisory (Lux) Sàrl               Property management services                                         Luxembourg                   100.0                100.0
       Goodman UK Holdings (HK) Limited      Intermediate holding company                                      United Kingdom                  100.0                100.0
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                            167




                    Other items continued
                    18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
                    Related parties
                    (i) A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Company if that person:
                         (1) has control or joint control over the Company;
                         (2) has significant influence over the Company; or




For personal use only
                         (3) is a member of the key management personnel of the Company or the Company’s parent.
                    (ii) An entity is related to the Company if any of the following conditions applies:
                         (1)	the entity and the Company are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary
                              is related to the others);
                         (2)	one entity is an associate or JV of the other entity (or an associate or JV of a member of a group of which the other entity
                              is a member);
                         (3) both entities are JVs of the same third party;
                         (4) one entity is a JV of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
                         (5)	the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Company or an entity related to
                              the Company;
                         (6) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i);
                         (7)	a person identified in (i)(1) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity
                              (or of a parent of the entity); or
                         (8)	the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Company or the
                              Company’s parent.
                    Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced by, that person
                    in their dealings with the entity.
                    (a) Directors’ remuneration
                    Directors’ remuneration (including alternate directors) disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
                    and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation is as follows:
                    		 2018                                                                                                                                  2017
                    		 $M                                                                                                                                     $M
                    Directors’ fees                                                                                                         0.7               0.8
                    Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                                               1.7               1.5
                    Share based payments                                                                                                    6.9               7.5
                                                                                                                                            9.3               9.8

                    (b) Transactions and amounts due from related parties
                                                                                                        Management and                      Amounts due from
                                                                                                      development activities                  related parties
                                                                                                      2018            2017                 2018              2017
                                                                                                       $M                $M                 $M                $M
                    JVs
                    GCLP                                                                              54.4              75.2               29.6                  –
                    KGG                                                                              140.2             237.9                  –                  –
                                                                                                     194.6             313.1               29.6                  –
                    Related parties of GL and GIT
                    Goodman Hong Kong Logistics Partnership                                           56.0              28.6               37.0               7.0
                    Goodman European Partnership                                                     320.9             488.8               30.0              32.2
                    Other related parties                                                              4.9               0.1                5.5               2.7
                                                                                                     381.8             517.5               72.5              41.9

                    Transactions with GL
                    During the year, the Consolidated Entity recognised transaction management fees of $22.6 million, which will be payable to a controlled
                    entity of GL in 2020. Additionally, the Consolidated Entity acquired an additional 4.0% equity interest in GJDP from a controlled entity
                    of GL for consideration of $3.1 million. In the comparative year, the Consolidated Entity acquired a 3.5% equity interest in GJDP from
                    a controlled entity of GL for consideration of $2.1 million.
       168                                                                    goodmAn grouP



       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       Continued


       Other items continued
       18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS CONTINUED
       (c) Financing arrangements with related parties
       			                                                                                                                                      Interest income/
       			                                                                                                                                     (expense) charged




For personal use only
               Loans to            Loans from                                                                                                   on loans to/from
           related parties1      related parties1                                                                                                related parties
        2018             2017 2018             2017                                                                                           2018              2017
         $M                $M  $M               $M                                                                                             $M                $M
       JVs                                                 40.5                13.0                    –                    –                  0.3                  0.2
       GL, GIT and their controlled entities              361.3               107.2               (897.0)              (852.3)               (28.4)               (45.4)
       Related parties of GL and GIT
       Goodman European Partnership                        21.2                16.9                    –                    –                  0.4                  0.6
       Related parties of GL and GIT                       21.2                16.9                    –                    –                  0.4                  0.6
                                                          423.0               137.1               (897.0)              (852.3)               (27.7)               (44.6)
     1. Loans by the Consolidated Entity to/from JVs and other related parties have generally been provided on an arm’s length basis. At 30 June 2018, details in
        respect of the principal loan balances are set out below:
       +	a shareholder loan of $21.2 million (2017: $16.9 million) was provided to Goodman Pyrite Logistics (Lux) Sàrl, a controlled entity of Goodman European
          Partnership, and incurred interest at 6.9% per annum (2017: 6.9% per annum);
       +	loans from GL, GIT and their controlled entities are interest bearing and amount to $897.0 million (2017: $852.3 million). $798.1 million of the loans is
          repayable on demand and $98.9 million is repayable greater than one year from the reporting date. The interest bearing loans incur floating interest at rates
          ranging from 0.9% to 5.9% per annum (2017: 1.7% to 6.8% per annum); and
       +	loans to GIT and its subsidiaries amounting to $361.3 million (2017: $107.2 million) are interest bearing and repayable on demand. The interest bearing loans
          incur interest at rates ranging from 0.7% to 1.6% per annum (2017: 1.0% to 1.7% per annum).

       19. COMMITMENTS
       Non-cancellable lease commitments
                                                                                                                                              2018                2017
                                                                                                                                               $M                  $M
       Future operating lease commitments not provided for in the financial statements and payable:
       – Within one year                                                                                                                       7.4                 8.0
       – One year or later and no later than five years                                                                                       14.3                15.8
       – Later than five years                                                                                                                 0.4                   –
                                                                                                                                              22.1                23.8

       Future commitments in respect of development land leased by the Consolidated Entity
       and held as inventories. These amounts are not provided for in the financial statements and payable:
       – Within one year                                                                                                                      1.8                  1.3
       – One year or later and no later than five years                                                                                      11.0                  7.4
       – Later than five years                                                                                                              101.4                 83.4
                                                                                                                                            114.2                 92.1

       At 30 June 2018, the Consolidated Entity was also committed to $191.6 million (2017: $253.5 million) expenditure in respect of
       inventories and other development activities.
       20. CONTINGENCIES
       Capitalisation Deed Poll
       GLHK, GL, GIT and certain of their wholly-owned controlled entities are “investors” under a Capitalisation Deed Poll (CDP) dated
       23 May 2007. Under the CDP, each investor undertakes to pay to the relevant controlled entity borrower (borrower) any amounts
       owing under finance documents for the purpose of the CDP when the borrower fails to make a payment. Any payments by an investor
       to a borrower will be by way of loan to, or proceeds for the subscription of equity in, the borrower by the investor.
       Euro medium-term note programme
       Under the Euro medium-term note programme, Goodman Australia Finance Pty Limited, a controlled entity of GIT, had on issue
       £121.0 million notes at a fixed coupon of 9.75% per annum. Goodman Funds Management Limited, as responsible entity of GIT,
       and GLHK and GL had unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several basis the payment of principal and interest
       in respect of these notes. Subsequent to the year end, interest has been paid and the notes repaid in full.
       United States and Reg S senior notes
       Under the issue of notes in the United States 144A/Reg S bond market, controlled entities of GIT had on issue USD and EUR notes
       amounting to US$1,303.8 million and €500.0 million respectively. GL, Goodman Funds Management Limited, as responsible entity of
       GIT, and GLHK have unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed on a joint and several basis the payment of principal and interest in
       respect of each of the notes.
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                              169




                    Other items continued
                    21. COMPANY LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                    		 2018                                                                                                                                  2017
                      Note $M                                                                                                                                 $M
                    Current assets




For personal use only
                    Cash		                                           37.9  53.7
                    Receivables		                                   226.0  85.6
                    Total current assets		                          263.9 139.3
                    Non-current assets
                    Investments in subsidiaries		                   721.2 661.1
                    Other financial assets		                        140.5  42.4
                    Total non-current assets		                      861.7 703.5
                    Total assets		                                1,125.6 842.8
                    Current liabilities
                    Payables		                                        0.2  19.8
                    Dividends payable		                              90.0     –
                    Total current liabilities		                      90.2  19.8
                    Non-current liabilities
                    Payables		                                       98.9  37.2
                    Total non-current liabilities		                  98.9  37.2
                    Total liabilities		                             189.1  57.0
                    Net assets		                                    936.5 785.8
                    Equity attributable to Shareholders
                    Share capital		                                 674.6 661.1
                    Reserves                                   15    32.2  27.1
                    Retained earnings                          16   229.7  97.6
                    Total equity attributable to Shareholders		     936.5 785.8

                    The company level statement of financial position was approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 17 August 2018.




                    Ian Douglas Ferrier, AM                David Jeremy Collins
                    Director                               Director


                    22. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
                    There has not arisen in the interval between the end of the financial year and the date of this financial report any item, transaction or
                    event of a material and unusual nature likely, in the opinion of the directors, to affect significantly the operations of the Consolidated
                    Entity, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the Consolidated Entity, in future financial years.
                    23. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
                    Certain comparative figures have been reclassified to conform to current year’s presentation.
       170                                                                   goodmAn grouP



       SECURITIES INFORMATION
       			                                                                                                                        Percentage of
       Top 20 Securityholders Number of                                                                                             total issued
       As at 5 September 2018  securities                                                                                             securities
       1. HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited                                                               690,868,171             38.09
       2. J P Morgan Nominees Australia Limited                                                                   579,428,602             31.94
       3. Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited                                                                           138,477,298              7.63
       4. National Nominees Limited                                                                                77,355,758              4.26




For personal use only
       5. BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <Agency Lending DRP A/C>                                                        52,717,350              2.91
       6. Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited <Colonial First State Inv A/C>                                             31,787,417              1.75
       7. BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd <DRP>                                                                           29,280,790              1.61
       8. Beeside Pty Limited                                                                                      16,923,077              0.93
       9. Trison Investments Pty Ltd                                                                               14,870,973              0.82
       10. AMP Life Limited                                                                                        12,192,285              0.67
       11. BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd <Agency Lending Collateral>                                                 5,287,500              0.29
       12. HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited <NT-Commonwealth Super Corp A/C>                               4,265,873              0.24
       13. Bond Street Custodians Limited <ENH Property Securities A/C>                                             4,047,618              0.22
       14. Trison Investments Pty Ltd                                                                               3,750,000              0.21
       15. HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited <A/C 2>                                                        3,222,985              0.18
       16. BNP Paribas Noms (NZ) LTD <DRP>                                                                          3,123,553              0.17
       17. Australian Foundation Investment Company Limited                                                         2,800,000              0.15
       18. National Nominees Limited <N A/C>                                                                        2,425,000              0.13
       19. DPCON BVBA                                                                                               2,241,385              0.12
       20. IOOF Investment Management Limited <IPS Super A/C>                                                       1,774,558              0.10
       Securities held by top 20 Securityholders                                                                1,676,840,193             92.44
       Balance of securities held                                                                                 137,041,802              7.56
       Total issued securities                                                                                  1,813,881,995            100.00


       			                                                                                                                        Percentage of
                               Number of   Number of                                                                                total issued
       Range of securities Securityholders securities		                                                                               securities
       1–1,000         9,749     4,669,536   0.26
       1,001–5,000    12,509    30,038,863   1.66
       5,001–10,000    2,919    20,615,924   1.14
       10,001–100,000  1,704    36,563,430   2.02
       100,001–over      117 1,721,994,242  94.93
       Rounding			0.01
       Total          26,998 1,813,881,995 100.00

       There were 616 Securityholders with less than a marketable parcel in relation to 4,015 securities as at 5 September 2018.
       Substantial Securityholders1                                                                                        Number of securities
       Leader Investment Corporation; China Investment Corporation                                                                 168,462,083
       Blackrock Group                                                                                                             147,689,591
       Vanguard Group Inc.                                                                                                         144,760,798
     1. In accordance with latest Substantial Securityholder Notices as at 5 September 2018.

       GOODMAN LOGISTICS (HK) LIMITED CHESS DEPOSITORY INTERESTS
       ASX reserves the right (but without limiting its absolute discretion) to remove Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, Goodman Limited and
       Goodman Industrial Trust from the official list of the ASX if a CHESS Depository Interest (CDI) referencing an ordinary share in Goodman
       Logistics (HK) Limited, a share in Goodman Limited or a unit in Goodman Industrial Trust cease to be stapled, or any new securities are
       issued by Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, Goodman Limited or Goodman Industrial Trust and are not (or CDIs in respect of them are
       not) stapled to equivalent securities in the Goodman Group.
       VOTING RIGHTS
       On a show of hands at a general meeting of Goodman Limited or Goodman Industrial Trust, every person present who is an eligible
       Securityholder shall have one vote and on a poll, every person present who is an eligible Securityholder shall have one vote for each
       Goodman Limited share and one vote for each dollar value of Goodman Industrial Trust units that the eligible Securityholder holds or
       represents (as the case may be). At a general meeting of Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, all resolutions will be determined by poll,
       and eligible Securityholders will be able to direct Chess Depositary Nominees Pty Limited to cast one vote for each Chess Depositary
       Instrument (referencing a Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited share) that the eligible Securityholder holds or represents (as the case may be).
       ON-MARKET BUY-BACK
       There is no current on-market buy-back.
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2018                                                               171



                    GLOSSARY
                        AASB Australian Accounting Standards Board.                            Goodman Group or GMG Goodman Limited, Goodman
                                                                                               Industrial Trust and Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, trading
                        ABPP Arlington Business Parks Partnership, an unlisted property        as Goodman Group and where the context requires, their
                        fund specialising in the investment of business parks in the United    controlled entities.
                        Kingdom.
                                                                                               GMP Goodman PLUS.
                        ASX Australian Securities Exchange, or ASX Limited
                        (ABN 98 008 624 691) or the financial market which it                  KGIP KWASA-Goodman Industrial Partnership, an unlisted




For personal use only
                        operates as the case requires.                                         property investment vehicle specialising in the investment of
                                                                                               industrial property in Australia.
                        AUM Assets under management: total value of properties
                        directly held or under management.                                     KGG KWASA-Goodman Germany, an unlisted property trust
                                                                                               specialising in the investment of industrial property in Germany.
                        CPPIB Canada Pension Plan Investment Board.
                                                                                               LTI Long term incentive.
                        Cps Cents per security.
                                                                                               LTIP Long Term Incentive Plan.
                        Cpu Cents per unit.
                                                                                               NAV Net asset value: the value of total assets less liabilities.
                        DPS Distribution per security. Total distributions to investors        For this purpose, liabilities include both current and long-term
                        divided by the number of securities outstanding.                       liabilities. To calculate the net asset value per ordinary security,
                        EBIT Operating profit before net finance expense and income tax.       divide the net asset value by the number of securities on issue.
                        EPS Earnings per security.                                             NZX New Zealand Exchange Limited or New Zealand Exchange
                                                                                               being the equity security market operated by it, as the case
                        GADP Goodman Australia Development Partnership, an unlisted            requires.
                        property investment vehicle specialising in the investment of
                        industrial property in Australia.                                      Responsible Entity Responsible Entity means a public company
                                                                                               that holds an Australian Financial Services Licence (“AFSL”)
                        GAIP Goodman Australia Industrial Partnership, an unlisted             authorising it to operate a managed investment scheme. In
                        property investment vehicle specialising in the investment of          respect of GIT, the Responsible Entity is GFM, a wholly-owned
                        industrial property in Australia.                                      subsidiary of GL.
                        GAP Goodman Australia Partnership, an unlisted property                S&P Standard & Poor’s: an independent rating agency that
                        investment vehicle specialising in the investment of industrial        provides evaluation of securities investments and credit risk.
                        property in Australia.
                                                                                               Securityholder A holder of a Stapled Security.
                        GBLP Goodman Brazil Logistics Partnership.
                                                                                               Shareholder A shareholder of GL and/or GLHK.
                        GCLP Goodman China Logistics Partnership Limited, an unlisted
                        property investment vehicle specialising in the investment of          Sqm Square metres.
                        industrial property in China.                                          Sq ft Square feet.
                        GEP Goodman European Partnership, an unlisted property                 Stapled The linking together of a GIT unit, a GL share and a CDI
                        investment vehicle specialising in the investment of industrial        in respect of a GLHK share so that one may not be transferred or
                        property in Continental Europe.                                        otherwise dealt with without the other and which are quoted on
                        GFML Goodman Funds Management Limited (ABN 48 067 796                  the ASX jointly as a “stapled security”.
                        641; AFSL Number 223621).                                              Stapled Security or Security A GIT unit, a GL share and a CDI
                        GHKLP Goodman Hong Kong Logistics Fund, an unlisted                    in respect of a GLHK share which are stapled so that they can
                        property investment vehicle specialising in the investment of          only be traded together.
                        industrial property in Hong Kong.                                      STI Short term incentive.
                        GIT Goodman Industrial Trust (ARSN 091 213 839) and its                Substantial Securityholder A person or company that holds
                        controlled entities or GFM as Responsible Entity for GIT, where        at least 5% of Goodman Group’s voting rights.
                        the context requires.
                                                                                               TSR Total securityholder return.
                        GJCP Goodman Japan Core Partnership, an unlisted property
                        investment vehicle specialising in the investment of industrial        Unitholder A unitholder of GIT.
                        property in Japan.
                        GJDP Goodman Japan Development Partnership, a logistics and
                        industrial partnership specialising in the development of industrial
                        property in Japan.
                        GL Goodman Limited (ABN 69 000 123 071) and where the
                        context requires, its controlled entities.
                        GMT Goodman Property Trust, a listed property trust on the
                        NZX managed by GMG.
                        GNAP Goodman North America Partnership, a logistics and
                        industrial partnership specialising in the investment of industrial
                        property in North America.
                        GLHK Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited (Company No. 1700359;
                        ARBN 155 911 149) and where the context requires, its
                        controlled entities.
       172                                              goodmAn grouP




       GOODMAN GROUP                                           DIRECTORS
       Goodman Limited                                         Goodman Limited and Goodman Funds
       ABN 69 000 123 071                                      Management Limited
                                                               Mr Ian Ferrier AM     (Independent Chairman)
       Goodman Industrial Trust                                Mr Gregory Goodman    (Group Chief Executive Officer)
       ARSN 091 213 839                                        Mr Stephen Johns      (Independent Director)




For personal use only
       Responsible Entity of Goodman Industrial Trust          Ms Rebecca McGrath    (Independent Director)
       Goodman Funds Management Limited                        Mr Danny Peeters      (Executive Director)
       ABN 48 067 796 641; AFSL Number 223621                  Mr Phillip Pryke      (Independent Director)
       Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited                          Mr Anthony Rozic      (Executive Director)
       Company No. 1700359; ARBN 155 911 149                   Mr James Sloman, OAM  (Independent Director)
                                                               Ms Penny Winn         (Independent Director)
       OFFICES
       Registered offices                                      Company Secretary
       Level 17                                                Mr Carl Bicego
       60 Castlereagh Street                                   Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited
       Sydney NSW 2000                                         Mr Ian Ferrier AM       (Independent Chairman)
       Australia                                               Mr David Collins        (Independent Director)
       GPO Box 4703                                            Mr Danny Peeters        (Executive Director)
       Sydney NSW 2001
       Australia                                               Company Secretary
                                                               Goodman Secretarial Asia Limited
       Telephone 1300 791 100 (within Australia)
                 +61 2 9230 7400 (outside Australia)           SECURITY REGISTRAR
       Facsimile +61 2 9230 7444                               Computershare Investor Services Pty Limited
                                                               Level 5
       Suite 901                                               115 Grenfell Street
       Three Pacific Place                                     Adelaide SA 5000
       1 Queen’s Road East                                     Australia
       Hong Kong                                               GPO Box 1903
                                                               Adelaide SA 5001
       Telephone +852 2249 3100                                Australia
       Facsimile +852 2525 2070
                                                               Telephone 1300 723 040 (within Australia)
       Email            info@goodman.com                                 +61 3 9415 4043 (outside Australia)
       Website          www.goodman.com                        Facsimile +61 8 8236 2305
                                                               Email     www.investorcentre.com/contact
       Other offices                                           Website   www.computershare.com
       Allentown            Guangzhou      Osaka
       Amsterdam            Hamburg        Paris               CUSTODIANS
       Auckland             Hong Kong      Poznań              The Trust Company Limited
                                                               Level 18
       Beijing              Kraków         Prague              123 Pitt Street
       Birmingham           London         São Paulo           Sydney NSW 2000
       Brisbane             Los Angeles    Shanghai            Australia
       Brussels             Luxembourg     Sydney              AUDITOR
       Budapest             Madrid         Tokyo
                                                               KPMG
       Chengdu              Melbourne      Warsaw              Level 38, Tower Three, International Towers Sydney
       Düsseldorf           Milan                              300 Barangaroo Avenue
                                                               Sydney NSW 2000
                                                               Australia
                                                               ASX CODE
                                                               GMG
                    Disclaimer
                    This Annual Report has been prepared by Goodman Group (Goodman Limited (ABN 69 000 123 071), Goodman Funds Management
                    Limited (ABN 48 067 796 641; AFSL Number 223621) as the Responsible Entity for Goodman Industrial Trust (ARSN 091 213 839) and
                    Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited (Company No. 1700359; ARBN 155 911 149). It is not intended to be relied upon as advice to investors
                    or potential investors and does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or needs of any particular investor.




For personal use only
                    These should be considered, with professional advice, when deciding if an investment is appropriate. This Annual Report is not an
                    offer or invitation for subscription or purchase of securities or other financial products. It does not constitute an offer of securities in
                    the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they are registered under the US Securities Act
                    of 1933 or an exemption from registration is available. This Annual Report contains certain “forward-looking statements”. The words
                    “anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, “project”, “forecast”, “estimate”, “likely”, “intend”, “should”, “could”, “may”, “target”, “plan” and
                    other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Indications of, and guidance on, future earnings and
                    financial position and performance are also forward-looking statements. Due care and attention have been used in the preparation
                    of forecast information. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve known and unknown
                    risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond the control of Goodman Group, that may cause actual results to
                    differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. There can be no assurance that actual outcomes will not differ
                    materially from these statements. All values are expressed in Australian currency unless otherwise stated. September 2018.
              For personal use only
GOODMAN.COM
