                                                                                          Contents


2     Corporate Information

4     Chairman’s Statement

11    Management Discussion and Analysis

20    Profile of Directors and Senior Management

24    Corporate Governance Report

37    Report of the Directors

67    Independent Auditor’s Report

73    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

74    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

75    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

77    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

79    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

81    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

206   Financial Summary




                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   1
Corporate Information


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                    REGISTERED OFFICE

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. (Chairman ) ø~                     Cricket Square
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P.          Hutchins Drive
    (Vice Chairman )   ø<
                                                           P.O. Box 2681
                                                           Grand Cayman KY1-1111
EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                        Cayman Islands

Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. (Vice Chairman and
                                                           HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
    Chief Executive Officer)
                                                           BUSINESS IN MAINLAND CHINA
Mr. LEE Yau Ching
Mr. LI Man Yin                                             Xinyi PV Glass Industrial Zone
Mr. CHU Charn Fai                                          2 Xinyi Road
                                                           Wuhu Economic and Technology
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                        Development Zone
                                                           Wuhu City, Anhui Province, China
Mr. LO Wan Sing, Vincent #+<
Mr. KAN E-ting, Martin #ø<
                                                           PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG
Ms. LEONG Chong Peng *ø<
                                                           KONG
*
       Chairperson of audit committee                      Unit 2109-2115, 21/F
#
       Members of audit committee                          Rykadan Capital Tower
+
       Chairman of remuneration committee                  No. 135 Hoi Bun Road
ø
       Members of remuneration committee                   Kwun Tong, Kowloon
~
       Chairman of nomination committee                    Hong Kong
<
       Members of nomination committee
                                                           LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO HONG KONG LAW
COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                           Charles Russell Speechlys LLP
Mr. CHU Charn Fai                                          Suite 3418, Level 34
                                                           Two Pacific Place
                                                           88 Queensway
                                                           Hong Kong




2      XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
AUDITOR                                          HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                 TRANSFER OFFICE
Ernst & Young
  Certified Public Accountants                   Computershare Hong Kong Investor
  Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor        Services Limited
  under the Accounting and Financial Reporting   Shops 1712-16, 17th Floor
  Council Ordinance                              Hopewell Centre
27/F, One Taikoo Place                           183 Queen’s Road East
979 King’s Road                                  Wanchai, Hong Kong
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
                                                 WEBSITE
PRINCIPAL BANKERS
                                                 http://www.xinyisolar.com
Bank of China
China Citic Bank                                 SHARE INFORMATION
China Construction Bank
                                                 Place of listing: Main Board of The Stock Exchange of
China Merchants Bank
                                                   Hong Kong Limited
China Minsheng Bank
                                                 Stock Code: 00968
CMB Wing Lung Bank
                                                 Listing date: 12 December 2013
Hang Seng Bank
                                                 Board lot: 2,000 ordinary shares
HSBC
                                                 Financial year end date: 31 December
Huaxia Bank
                                                 Share price as of 31 December 2025: HK$2.97
Huishang Bank
                                                 Market capitalisation as of 31 December 2025:
Industrial Bank
                                                   Approximately HK$27.2 billion
Malayan Banking Berhad
Nanyang Commercial Bank
                                                 KEY DATES
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
                                                 Closure of register of members for the purpose of
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER             entitlement to attend and vote at the
OFFICE IN CAYMAN ISLANDS                           Annual General Meeting: Tuesday, 26 May 2026
                                                   to Friday, 29 May 2026 (both days inclusive)
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
                                                 Record date for the Annual General Meeting:
Cricket Square
                                                   Friday, 29 May 2026
Hutchins Drive
                                                 Date of Annual General Meeting:
P.O. Box 2681
                                                   Friday, 29 May 2026
Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Cayman Islands




                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   3
Chairman’s Statement


On behalf of the Board (the “Board”) of Directors (the “Directors”) of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (the “Company” or “Xinyi
Solar”), I am pleased to present herewith the audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the
“Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the “FY2025”).


OVERVIEW

Following several years of rapid expansion, the growth in the global photovoltaic (“PV”) installation slowed down in 2025.
Escalating geopolitical tensions and rising trade barriers have disrupted the PV supply chain, which resulted in volatility in
demand. At the same time, China’s policy shift from the fixed feed-in tariff regime and its deepening electricity market
reforms have created additional uncertainties to the downstream installation activity. Within this complicated and challenging
environment, all segments across the solar industry value chain are under significant pressure. Market competition has
intensified, exerting continuous downward pressure on product prices and profit margins.

In 2025, the Group recorded revenue of RMB20,861.2 million, representing a decrease of 4.8% as compared to 2024, primarily
due to the lower average selling prices (“ASP”) of the solar glass products even if the sales volume achieved a higher level than
the previous year. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company decreased by 16.2% to RMB844.5 million, primarily due
to the increase in the impairment provision on fixed assets. Basic earnings per share for 2025 were 9.29 RMB cents, as compared
to 11.27 RMB cents for 2024.

The year-on-year decrease in the profitability was primarily attributable to the impact of fixed asset impairment, amounting to
RMB2,321.6 million for 2025 (2024: RMB392.9 million). If excluding the impairment provision, the Group’s profitability would
have recorded a notable improvement — as compared to 2024 and between the first and second half of 2025. For the solar
glass business, the overseas markets delivered relatively strong results, driving a recovery in the gross margin. For the renewable
energy business, the revenue reached a stable level, with the amount of gross profit showing a slight decline.


BUSINESS REVIEW

Key PV market developments and challenges in 2025
For the solar industry, the year of 2025 is full of challenges and uncertainties and a period of transition and adjustment.
From 2022 to 2024, the global PV installations experienced an explosive growth, driven largely by a significant decline in the
installation costs. However, as installation costs stabilise or even bottom out and rebound, the stimulating effect of changes in
the cost on the growth in the downstream demand has diminished. Instead, the government renewable energy policies, trade
measures and related tax incentive schemes have become increasingly critical for new PV project investments in 2025 and
afterwards. Although the market generally expects that the annual installations in 2025 will be similar to or slightly higher than
the last year’s levels, the quarter-to-quarter or half-year comparisons have revealed considerable volatility due to changes in the
government policies.




4     XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
In China, changes to the renewable energy pricing policies and the full transition to market-based trading have prompted
solar farm developers to rush to complete their projects before the new measures take effect. This has resulted in a significant
disparity in the installation volume between the first and second halves of 2025. In the United States (“U.S.”), solar installations
have been confronted with the higher module prices, tighter supply and increased compliance burdens due to the expanded
anti-dumping and countervailing duties (AD/CVD) on the solar products from Southeast Asia, as well as the procurement
restrictions driven by the Foreign Entity of Concern (FEOC) rules. These factors have led to project delays and re-tendering and
the shift toward the domestic assembly. Consequently, the 2025 installation timeline and project financing arrangements were
adversely affected. In the European Union (“EU”) region, the emergency support schemes introduced during the energy crisis
(2022-2023) were scaled back in 2025. The phasing out of the subsidies for residential rooftop solar projects has weakened the
demand in key markets, such as Austria, Belgium, Czechia, Hungary, Italy and the Netherlands.

In terms of market distribution, the global PV installation landscape continued to diversify in 2025. While China, the EU and the
U.S. remained the major markets, emerging regions, such as India, Pakistan, Brazil, Southeast Asia and Africa, grow at a faster
pace. The significance of these emerging markets is expected to increase during the coming years.


China’s PV market: policy-driven transition toward quality development
Despite multiple challenges and a high installation rates in 2024, China’s new PV installations still maintained a year-on-year
growth in 2025. According to the statistics released by the National Energy Administration (“NEA”), new PV installed capacity in
China reached 317 gigawatts in 2025, representing a year-on-year growth of 14.2%.

In early 2025, China introduced new renewable energy policies centred on deepening the electricity market reforms to
accelerate the clean energy transition. Key measures include replacing the fixed subsidies with market-oriented pricing, applying
differential settlement to stabilise the investment returns, distinguishing the existing and the new projects and improving grid
integration to support the high-quality solar development.

The reform triggered an immediate market reaction. News of the impending changes prompted a rush to complete projects
before implementation, pulling future demand forward. This resulted in a sharp market decline thereafter, leaving the second
half of the year heavily relying on the large-scale solar power projects in desert areas to sustain the market activity. Official
data indicates that the average monthly installed capacity in the second half of 2025 decreased by about 50% compared to
the first half of the year. This volatility has intensified product price fluctuations which resulted in production capacity planning
more difficult to be implemented. However, amid increasing power curtailment, the market-oriented pricing reform require
enterprises to place greater emphasis on cost control and trading strategies, thereby enhancing the power generation efficiency
and strengthening the energy storage and the intelligent dispatch capabilities.

In the long run, the reform is expected to enhance industrial efficiency, drive technological advancement, promote sustainable
development and steering the solar industry from the “rapid volume growth” to the “high-quality development”. Nonetheless,
this development also creates revenue uncertainty and increases the competition pressure.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED        5
Chairman’s Statement


Persistent supply-demand imbalance in the solar market
Another key factor affecting the development of the PV market in China is how to address the imbalance between the supply
and demand. It is evident that the industry’s efforts to counter involutional vicious competition has significantly intensified
in 2025. The anti-involution measures for the solar industry mainly focused on reducing the unplanned capacity expansion,
preventing destructive competition and promoting sustainable growth. Authorities tightened the grant of approval for new
manufacturing expansion and requiring alignment with realistic demand forecasts. Procurement rules discouraged ultra-
low bidding, shifting emphasis toward efficiency, reliability and technological innovation. Additional support was directed to
enterprises using high-efficiency modules and next-generation technologies, while industry associations coordinated the pricing
benchmarks and quality standards. These policies are aimed to rebalance the sector from quantity-driven growth to quality-
driven development, ensuring reasonable margins and encouraging R&D investment. While driving near-term consolidation,
these measures are intended to build a more resilient and innovative solar industry for the long term.

The current structural mismatch between the supply and demand has persisted for an extended period. Since 2024, the
industry has experienced price wars, patent disputes and self-regulatory initiatives, yet these efforts have had limited effect in
consolidating the excess capacity. The sudden surge in demand triggered by the installation rush in the first half of 2025 resulted
in a short-term market rebound. It had minimal impact on facilitating the industry consolidation and the survival of the fittest,
but instead prolonged the adjustment cycle. The imbalance between the supply and demand remained unchanged in the short
term, particularly in the second half of 2025.


Flexible adjustment of solar glass production capacity and diversification of production base to
navigate market volatility
In 2025, the solar glass industry operated against a backdrop of persistent volatility, managing challenges from dramatic supply-
demand swings, rising trade protectionism and broader geopolitical and economic uncertainties. The PV installations followed a
pronounced first-half peak and second-half decline, with notable month-to-month volatility — especially evident in the Chinese
market. This highly volatile market condition created significant capacity planning difficulties for the whole solar value chain,
including the solar glass segment.

Solar glass, a critical component in PV modules, sees its demand affected by fluctuations in downstream installations. However,
a fundamental tension exists between the changing level of demand and the inherent rigidity of production. Furnaces must
operate continuously; shutting them down would result in prolonged suspension of the production lines before restarting, which
will involve incurring substantial capital expenditures. Thus, adjusting the production through periodic suspension is not a viable
option for addressing the short-term market shifts.

While the solar glass industry experienced a net capacity expansion in the first half of 2025, this was more than offset by
reduction in the second half, resulting in an overall annual contraction. This contraction reflects the growing operational
pressure that ultimately forced producers to suspend the production activities. Although certain solar module manufacturers
accelerated procurement and shipments in the third quarter — driven by the speculation over potential adjustments to China’s
solar export tax rebate policy — this only resulted in a brief recovery in the solar glass market. As the decline in China’s PV
installations showed no significant improvement, supply-demand imbalance in the solar glass market intensified. The increasing
level of inventories and the downward price pressure further accelerated the challenges, making operating conditions in the
fourth quarter increasingly difficult.




6     XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Anticipating a slowdown in the downstream demand and heightened market volatility, the Group adopted decisive measures
in July 2025 by suspending two solar glass production lines in China, with a total daily melting capacity of 1,800 tonnes. This
decision was taken to strategically manage the inventory levels and the operational risks, while supporting industry-wide supply
adjustments and alleviating the significant pricing pressure caused by the sharp drop in demand following China’s installation
rush. In terms of receivable management, the Group prioritised partnerships with financially sound businesses with strong
credit records and implemented stricter credit control policies. In addition to reducing costs and improving efficiency, the Group
continues to invest in new product and technology research and development, while strengthening the collaboration with
customers to enhance technological capabilities and product quality, fostering mutual growth and progress.

To effectively and flexibly mitigate potential risks arising from geopolitical tensions and trade barriers, the Group continues to
expand production capacity overseas. The construction of the solar glass production base in Indonesia is in progress as planned.
Upon completion, it will further strengthen the geographical diversification of the Group’s solar glass production capacity.


Strategic optimisation of renewable energy investments
The year of 2025 marked a critical turning point for China’s renewable energy sector, as the solar power pricing policies shifted
from a fixed feed-in tariff regime to a market-oriented framework. A differentiated approach is applied to existing and new
projects. For existing projects, the new policies have provided a degree of transitional buffer. The scale of mechanism-based
electricity is determined by the local authorities in alignment with current guaranteed electricity policies, while tariffs continue to
follow the current rules and remain capped at the local coal-fired benchmark price. This ensures the policy continuity, offering
relatively stable returns with limited volatility. For new projects, however, full market-oriented competition is introduced. Tariff
ceilings are set below those of the existing projects, the proportion of guaranteed generation is restricted and investment returns
are subject to market fluctuations, resulting in a greater volatility. Given the heightened uncertainty in investment returns under
this evolving policy environment, the Group suspended the construction of new solar farm projects in 2025. Consequently, no
new projects were connected to the grid during the year.

With no new utility-scale projects connected to the grid, the Group’s power generation revenue remained largely unchanged
in 2025 as compared to the previous year. The Company’s non-wholly owned subsidiary, Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi
Energy”) and its subsidiaries (together the “Xinyi Energy Group”) accounted for 81.7% of the electricity generation revenue
and other wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company accounted for remaining of 18.3%. Regarding the disposal of the solar
farm projects, the Group completed the disposal of three solar farm projects with an aggregate capacity of 230 megawatts
(“MW”) to Xinyi Energy Group in 2025. As part of its portfolio optimisation strategy, Xinyi Energy Group sold a 51% equity
stake in its Tianjin solar farm project to an independent third party in 2025. This divestment was executed to unlock capital from
existing assets and redeploy it toward future investment opportunities. On the other hand, Xinyi Energy Group has completed
the acquisition of a wind farm project with an approved power generation capacity of 64MW prior to the end of 2025.

As of 31 December 2025, the cumulated approved grid-connected capacity of the Group’s solar farm projects was 6,245MW,
of which 5,841MW was for the utility-scale ground mounted projects, and 404MW was for the distributed generation projects
for the Group’s own consumption or sale to the grid. In terms of the ownership, the solar farm projects with a capacity of
4,785MW were held through Xinyi Energy; solar farm projects with a capacity of 1,360MW were held through certain wholly-
owned subsidiaries of the Company. Solar farm projects with a capacity of 100MW was held by an entity owned as to 50% by
the Group.




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED         7
Chairman’s Statement


BUSINESS OUTLOOK

Given China’s dominant position in the global PV market — accounting for more than 40% or even over 50% of the global
annual new installations in the past two years — its development is particularly critical to the overall global PV landscape.
Looking ahead to 2026, with China’s solar power pricing policy shifting from the previous “guaranteed volume and price” model
to “market-oriented pricing”, investment in new solar projects is expected to decline significantly compared to the previous
years. It is generally expected that China’s newly installed PV capacity will likely experience a year-on-year decrease. Although
overseas markets are projected to maintain the growth momentum, these markets also have their own uncertainties. In the
U.S., the tightening of the solar project approvals, the gradual phase-out of tax incentives and the ongoing policy uncertainties
are contributing to a slowdown in new installations. The EU also lacks significant positive factors to reverse its contraction since
2025. Only a handful of countries and regions, notably India and Africa, are expected to have a substantial growth. Against this
backdrop, the sustaining annual growth in PV additions presents a critical challenge in 2026, raising the prospect of the first
year-on-year decline in the global PV installations in nearly two decades.

While the potential decline in global PV installations in 2026 can be largely attributed to policy shifts in several key countries,
the fundamental competitiveness of the solar power, as compared to fossil fuels and other renewable sources, remains
undiminished. As long as electricity demand continues to grow, solar energy retains substantial potential for future expansion.
According to the International Energy Agency’s Electricity Mid-Year Update 2025 , global power demand is projected to increase
by 3.3% in 2025 and 3.7% in 2026. Beyond traditional drivers such as industrial, commercial, and residential consumption, new
trends in power usage are rapidly emerging. The widespread adoption of electric vehicles, coupled with surging energy needs
from artificial intelligence and data centres, is injecting further momentum into the solar demand growth. With the significant
decline in the solar power generation costs, advancements in energy storage technologies and the deployment of smart grids,
solar energy’s share in the energy mix is expected to continue growing. Solar power is projected to remain the most widely
adopted and fastest-growing energy source for the foreseeable future.

Beyond fluctuations in downstream installation demand, the development of the solar glass market also hinges on changes in
the industry capacity. Throughout 2025, some new production lines were commissioned while others were suspended. By year-
end, the operational capacity saw a slight decrease, as compared to the beginning of the year, though the change remained
marginal. In addition, certain of idle capacity — including facilities that have been constructed but not yet activated, as well
as those undergoing cold repairs pending restart — remained in place, albeit at a reduced level, as compared to the previous
year. Looking ahead to 2026, the first quarter is expected to remain the traditional off-season for solar installations. However,
China’s cancellation of the value-added tax rebate policy for solar product exports may boost the demand in the short term.
In the broader context, though, the slowdown in the downstream demand is becoming increasingly evident, while the supply-
side adjustments continue to lag. As a result, restoring supply-demand equilibrium in the solar glass market may prove more
challenging in 2026 than it was in 2025.




8     XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Amidst an uncertain operating environment and intensifying market competition, the Group will adhere to the principle
of prioritising quality, shifting its development focus from pursuing “quantity” to pursuing “excellence”, thereby the Group
is expected to be in a better position to meet the diverse needs of customers. While strengthening the cost-reduction
and efficiency-enhancement measures, it will continue leveraging its advantages in the production scale, product quality,
diversification and technological innovation to respond swiftly to market shifts. The Group will pursue a prudent and pragmatic
financial management strategy to appropriately control operational risks.

As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s total operational solar glass melting capacity was 21,400 tonnes per day. Furthermore,
the Group maintains certain excess capacity that can be reactivated in response to the changing market conditions. Meanwhile,
as part of the first phase of development of the production site in Indonesia, the Group planned to add two new solar glass
production lines with an aggregate daily melting capacity of 2,400 tonnes in 2026, with the first line having commenced
operation in January and the second line expected to begin production in the second quarter. In addition, the planning for
the second phase has started, with the scale of daily melting capacity projected at 2,300 tonnes. The launch of the Indonesian
production base will enhance the Group’s ability to mitigate geopolitical risks and navigate trade barriers more effectively. Going
forward, the Group will continue to assess opportunities for further expansion in strategic locations and will adjust its production
capacity in line with market developments.

With the nationwide implementation of market-oriented reforms to feed-in tariffs, China’s solar power industry has transitioned
away from the fixed-price era. Revenue from solar power generation now derives from a hybrid model combining the market-
oriented trading and price-difference compensation, rather than relying solely on guaranteed feed-in-tariff regime. This change
has resulted in a significantly higher income volatility. Amid the growing investment return uncertainty, the Group’s solar farm
development strategy has shifted from “scale expansion” to “refined operations”. This entails more selective in the site and
layout planning, reinforced cost control and a focus on the regions with strong electricity demand, high grid absorption capacity
and favourable resource conditions — including abundant solar irradiation and lower non-technical costs. In addition, the Group
will implement refined management of power marketing and trading strategies across the full project lifecycle, integrating green
electricity trading and the use of energy storage systems to enhance revenue levels.

As the new policy has only recently been introduced, the regional bidding results for new PV projects reveal significant
disparities, with wide price gaps between high- and low-price areas. These differences reflect provincial variations in solar
resources, grid absorption capacity, development costs and policy orientation. In response, the Group will adopt a more cautious
development strategy with the target in 2026 for the new grid-connected capacity expected to continue to be at a low level as
compared to the historical average of approximately 500MW per year over the past five years.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED        9
Chairman’s Statement


Currently, the solar supply chain remains in an adjustment phase of over-capacity. While short-term challenges are unavoidable,
the long-term fundamentals remain solid. Under the global carbon neutrality agenda, demand for solar energy will continue
to expand. Technological innovation will drive cost reductions and efficiency gains, while policy guidance will support capacity
rationalisation. Altogether, these forces will steer the industry from “involution” toward “high-quality development”, fostering a
more efficient and sustainable industrial ecosystem.

To navigate this transition and reinforce its market leadership, the Group will rigorously execute its three-pillar strategy —
operational excellence, prudent financial management and technological leadership. It will strive to enhance the sustainability
and resilience of its two core businesses (solar glass and renewable energy) and pursue new growth opportunities, thereby
delivering greater long-term economic value to shareholders.




Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.
Chairman

Hong Kong, 27 February 2026




10   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                               Management Discussion and Analysis


FINANCIAL REVIEW

In 2025, the solar glass industry continued to face a difficult operating environment, marked not only by the slowdown in the
growth rate of the global PV installation but also by sharp and unpredictable swings in demand that made capacity planning
highly challenging. Product prices, despite occasional rebounds, remained depressed throughout the year and even fell to
a historic low in the third quarter. Against this backdrop, the Group’s solar glass segment inevitably came under pressure.
Although sales volume recorded an increase, the uplift was insufficient to offset the impact of falling prices, leading to a
slight year-on-year decline in revenue. Gross margin showed some improvement, yet the overall net profit performance was
constrained by impairment provisions on solar glass and polysilicon manufacturing facilities. Despite the absence of new grid-
connected projects, increase in market-based electricity sales, and the impact of curtailment, the Group’s renewable energy
segment maintained relatively stable revenue, while gross profit showed a slight decline.


Revenue
Revenue for the FY2025 was mainly derived from two core business segments, namely, the sales of solar glass and the
renewable energy business.


Revenue – By Product

                                                                Year Ended 31 December
                                                         2025                             2024                    Increase/(Decrease)
                                                                     % of                             % of
                                             RMB million          revenue      RMB million          revenue   RMB million                 %

Sales of solar glass                             17,831.8             85.5        18,820.0             85.9        (988.2)               (5.3)
Renewable energy business                          2,993.5            14.3         3,017.3             13.8         (23.8)               (0.8)
Unallocated                                           35.9             0.2            84.1              0.4         (48.2)              (57.3)

Total external revenue*                          20,861.2            100.0        21,921.4            100.0      (1,060.2)               (4.8)


*
       The sum of the individual amounts may not be the same as the actual total due to rounding.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED            11
Management Discussion and Analysis


Solar Glass Revenue – By Geographical Area

                                                                  Year Ended 31 December
                                                           2025                             2024                    Increase/(Decrease)
                                                                       % of                             % of
                                               RMB million          revenue      RMB million          revenue   RMB million                 %

Mainland China                                     11,858.2             66.5        14,428.4             76.7      (2,570.2)              (17.8)
Other areas in Asia                                  4,110.1            23.0         3,287.7             17.5        822.4                25.0
North America and Europe                             1,496.0             8.4           660.7              3.5        835.3            126.4
Others                                                 367.5             2.1           443.2              2.4         (75.7)              (17.1)

Total solar glass revenue*                         17,831.8            100.0        18,820.0            100.0        (988.2)               (5.3)


*        The sum of the individual amounts may not be the same as the actual total due to rounding.

For the FY2025, the Group’s revenue from sales of solar glass decreased by 5.3% year-on-year to RMB17,831.8 million. The
decline was primarily attributable to a drop in the ASP, partly offset by increased sales volume.

During 2025, global PV installation growth slowed, with supply-demand imbalances persisting across the entire PV value chain.
In China, demand plummeted in the second half of the year following a peak in installations driven by renewable energy feed-in
tariff reforms. Against this backdrop, the Group adopted a prudent business strategy and strengthened risk management. Based
on the Group’s operating capacity, the average daily melting volume of solar glass was 23,200 tonnes in the first half of 2025,
declining to 21,400 tonnes in the second half. Despite the production decline, reduced inventory enabled the Group to achieve
a 4.2% increase in annual sales volume (measured in tonnes).

In 2025, the Group’s overseas sales of solar glass recorded a year-on-year increase of 36.0% and the proportion of overseas
sales rose from 23.3% in 2024 to 33.5% in 2025. This growth was primarily driven by rising demand in the U.S. and India,
following the commissioning of new solar module capacity in these markets. Overseas-produced solar glass typically commands
a price premium due to limited local supply, trade tariffs, and logistical advantages. The Group’s ongoing overseas capacity
expansion — including operational facilities in Malaysia and a new production base under construction in Indonesia — is
strategically positioned to enhance its competitiveness abroad and navigate growing trade barriers.




12       XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Except for a few months, solar glass product prices remained largely depressed throughout 2025. In China, a surge in
installations between March and May, driven by the reforms to renewable energy feed-in tariff policies, provided some support
for a brief price rebound. However, following this rally, prices fell to historic lows in July. In August and September, rumorus
about changes in the export tax rebate policies prompted some solar module manufacturers to place orders in advance, but this
provided only temporary support for solar glass prices. By the year-end, prices had retreated back to their previous lows.

For the FY2025, the Group’s revenue from power generation in the renewable energy segment was primarily attributable to
solar farms located in China, as set forth below:

                                                                                               Approved grid-connected capacity
                                                                                                  As of                As of               As of
                                                                                        31 December                 30 June       31 December
                                                                                                  2025                 2025                2024
                                                                                                   MW                   MW                  MW

Utility-scale ground-mounted solar farms
    Anhui                                                                                        2,037                 2,037              2,037
    Hubei                                                                                           980                  980                980
    Guangdong                                                                                       750                  750                750
    Yunnan                                                                                          560                  560                560
    Guangxi                                                                                         500                  500                500
    Others (Tianjin, Henan, Hebei, etc.)                                                            914                  914                914

    Sub-total                                                                                    5,741                 5,741              5,741
Commercial distributed generation projects                                                           80                      80               78

Total                                                                                            5,821                 5,821              5,819

Utility-scale ground-mounted solar farms
    Total number of solar farms                                                                      61                      61               61
    Weighted average feed-in-tariff (“FiT”) (RMB/kWh)
                                                *
                                                                                                   0.57                 0.57                0.57

*       The weighted average FiT rate is proportionally weighted according to the base FiT (after taking into account the possible deduction of
        tariff adjustment on solar farm projects not included in the first qualified project list published on 28 October 2022) and the approved
        grid-connection capacity of each solar farm, and is provided for information purposes only. The actual electricity prices for certain solar
        farms were determined through market-based trading mechanisms. As the electricity market reforms advance and market-oriented
        policies are implemented across provinces, the actual electricity sales price may diverge from the above base FiT.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED            13
Management Discussion and Analysis


Revenue from the renewable energy segment remained relatively stable, amounting to RMB2,993.5 million in 2025 (2024:
RMB3,017.3 million). In view of the increased uncertainties regarding project investment returns, the Group adopted a more
prudent approach to the development and construction of new solar farm projects, with no additional solar farms connected
to the grid in 2025. Furthermore, the increase in power curtailments in certain regions has also contributed to the slight drop in
power generation revenue.

The majority of provincial policies on renewable energy feed-in tariff reforms had been announced in the second half of 2025,
but 2025 served merely as a transitional period for the reforms, with the substantive impacts expected to emerge starting in
2026. Actually, the new policy framework has provided certain buffers for the existing projects, including (i) projects entitled to
government subsidies continue to receive subsidies in accordance with the original standards within the reasonable utilisation
hours over their full lifecycle and (ii) existing projects may, on an annual basis, determine a portion of their output to be sold at
a fixed “mechanism tariff” (not exceeding the benchmark coal-fired tariff), with the remaining output subject to market-based
trading. To address the challenges and seize the opportunities arising from market-oriented reforms, the Group has established
a dedicated professional team to study and analyse changes in the electricity market, sales strategies, and project returns, with
the aim of identifying high-quality projects and enhancing the profitability of existing projects.

Similar to other solar and wind farm operators in the PRC, the Group has experienced delays in receiving government subsidies
related to the electricity generation of its subsidised solar farm and wind farm projects#. As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s
outstanding tariff adjustment (subsidy) receivable amounted to RMB4,751.2 million. Receivables from sales of electricity
are generally settled on a monthly basis by state grid companies, while tariff adjustment (subsidy) receivables are settled in
accordance with prevailing government policies.
#
      The wind farm project, with an approved generation capacity of 64MW, was acquired by the Group’s subsidiary, Xinyi Energy, before the
      end of 2025.


Gross profit
The Group’s gross profit rose by RMB595.0 million, representing an increase of 15.4%, from RMB3,866.0 million in 2024 to
RMB4,461.0 million in 2025. Overall gross profit margin rose from 17.6% in 2024 to 21.4% in 2025, primarily driven by the
improved margins in the solar glass business.

In 2025, the gross profit margin of the solar glass business expanded by 4.4 percentage points to 14.1% (2024: 9.7%). This
improvement was mainly attributable to (i) reduced procurement costs for certain raw materials and energy, particularly
soda ash, silica sand, and natural gas; (ii) technological advancements that enhanced product yield rate and reduced energy
consumption per unit; and (iii) stricter cost controls and streamlined production processes. These positive factors were partially
offset by (i) a year-on-year decline in ASP and (ii) the absorption of fixed costs, including depreciation and maintenance,
associated with certain idled production facilities.

For the Group’s renewable energy business, gross profit contribution decreased slightly by 4.6% to RMB1,938.4 million in 2025
(2024: RMB2,031.0 million). The segment’s gross profit margin decreased to 64.8% in 2025 (2024: 67.3%), primarily due to
(i) reduced revenue contributions from solar farm projects in certain regions due to grid curtailment measures and (ii) increased
depreciation and component expenses.




14    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Other income
During the year, the Group’s other income increased by RMB40.4 million to RMB314.3 million, as compared to the RMB273.9
million recorded in 2024. The increase was mainly due to the increase in government grant income, insurance compensation,
and rental and other miscellaneous income, partially offset by a decrease in scrap sales.


Other gains/(losses) — net
The Group recorded other gains – net of RMB131.7 million in 2025, compared to other losses – net of RMB258.4 million
in 2024. The major changes comprised (i) a gain on the disposal of a 51% equity interest in a subsidiary (see note 32 to the
consolidated financial statements for more details); and (ii) a reduction in net foreign exchange losses, from RMB213.0 million in
2024 to RMB15.2 million in 2025.


Selling and marketing expenses
Despite solar glass sales volume recorded a slight increase, the Group’s selling and marketing expenses declined as a result of
cost-saving measures, decreasing from RMB127.0 million in 2024 to RMB111.7 million in 2025. Selling and marketing expenses
as a percentage of solar glass revenue remained relatively stable, at 0.6% in 2025 compared to 0.7% in 2024.


Administrative and other operating expenses
Administrative and other operating expenses decreased by RMB20.3 million, or 2.0%, from RMB1,019.3 million in 2024 to
RMB999.0 million in 2025. The decrease was primarily attributable to cost-control measures and the slower pace of business
expansion, which led to a reduction in headcount and corresponding office expenditures. The primary changes comprised (i) a
reduction in research and development expenses of RMB39.9 million and (ii) a decrease in miscellaneous administrative expenses
of RMB33.3 million, partially offset by increases in property tax, stamp duty and administrative surcharge of RMB51.9 million.


Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment
In response to supply–demand imbalances and in line with its prudent operating strategy, the Group suspended part of its solar
glass production capacity and did not commence the polysilicon manufacturing during the year. Based on the latest market
conditions and industry dynamics, and in conjunction with internal analysis, prevailing market data and external assessment
results, impairment provisions were recognised for solar glass production lines and polysilicon manufacturing facilities,
amounting to RMB724.7 million and RMB1,596.8 million, respectively.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED       15
Management Discussion and Analysis


Solar glass production lines
The circumstances leading to the impairment on solar glass production lines primarily stem from the persistent supply-demand
imbalance in the solar glass market since the second half of 2024. In light of the market condition, the Group had to reduce
part of its production capacity to appropriately manage operational risks, including excessively high inventory levels and
increased risks associated with the collection of accounts receivable. To this end, the Group has reduced its operational capacity
by suspending certain solar glass production lines, with total daily melting capacity decreasing from 27,000 tonnes as of 30 June
2024 to 23,200 tonnes by the end of 2024, and further to 21,400 tonnes by the end of 2025.

The Group has conducted periodic reviews of these production facilities that remain on standby or idle to assess the feasibility
of resuming operations, potential retrofitting, relocation, or alternative uses, thereby determining whether they are no longer
suitable for production. Equipment that can no longer be used for production would be scrapped or sold, and an impairment
test would be conducted to determine whether an impairment provision needs to be recognised. The impairment provision,
amounting to RMB724.7 million is determined based on the difference between the asset’s carrying amount and its recoverable
amount. The recoverable amount is derived by reference to quotes from independent third parties or the historical sales prices of
comparable assets.


Polysilicon manufacturing facilities
The Group’s polysilicon production facilities are located in Yunnan Province, the PRC, with an annual production capacity of
60,000 tonnes. As of 31 December 2025, the construction of these facilities was substantially completed, though certain testing
and acceptance procedures remain outstanding. There are currently no plans to commence production.

Production capacity of the polysilicon industry has increased significantly over the past few years, with the rise in supply far
outpacing the growth in demand. This has led to a sharp decline in product prices since mid-2023, which have since remained
at low levels, causing many manufacturers in the industry to operate at a loss. To promote the healthy development of the
industry and curb excessive competition, various “anti-involution” measures were introduced and implemented in 2024 and
2025 with the encouragement and support of relevant regulatory authorities and industry association. These measures include
initiatives for capacity consolidation and the orderly phasing out of outdated capacity (“Capacity Consolidation”). If successfully
implemented, these measures would help accelerate the restoration of market supply-demand balance and contribute to the
industry’s long-term healthy development.

The impairment of the Group’s polysilicon manufacturing facilities is primarily attributable to the increased uncertainties at
the end of 2025 regarding the progress of the Capacity Consolidation initiatives. As a result, improvements in market supply-
demand conditions may be delayed, requiring a longer period to achieve balance, with product prices potentially remaining
at low levels for an extended time. In view of these circumstances, the Group carried out internal analyses and engaged an
independent valuer to perform a valuation, which provided the foundation for the impairment testing of the relevant assets.

Based on the valuation result, the estimated value in use of the facilities was RMB2,673.0 million. The impairment provision,
amounting to RMB1,596.8 million, was determined as the difference between the carrying amount of the assets (RMB4,269.8
million) and their recoverable amount (i.e., the value in use). The key assumptions and basis adopted in the valuation are
disclosed in note 39 to the consolidated financial statements.




16    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Finance costs
Finance costs decreased from RMB432.1 million (or RMB507.6 million before capitalisation) in 2024 to RMB339.7 million (or
RMB395.7 million before capitalisation) in 2025. The decline was mainly due to the decrease in interest rates, partially offset
by the increase in average bank borrowings. To benefit from lower interest rates on Renminbi borrowings compared to US
dollar borrowings, the Group converted the majority of its bank borrowings into RMB-denominated loans during the year.
Consequently, the Group’s weighted average bank borrowing rate declined compared with previous years.

During the year, interest expense of RMB56.0 million (2024: RMB75.5 million) was capitalised in the cost of solar glass, solar
farms and polysilicon production facilities under construction. These capitalised amounts will depreciate together with the
related assets over their estimated useful lives.


Share of results of investments accounted for using the equity method
In 2025, the Group’s share of results of investments accounted for using the equity method was RMB14.4 million (2024:
RMB17.4 million). The profit contribution from these investments was mainly derived from a 100MW solar farm project in Anhui
Province, China, in which the Group has a 50% equity stake.


Income tax expense
Income tax expense decreased from RMB526.2 million in 2024 to RMB492.3 million in 2025. The decrease was primarily
attributable to (i) lower withholding tax expenses arising from dividend distributions by subsidiaries in the PRC and (ii) increase
in deferred tax credits. This was partially offset by (i) higher tax expenses resulting from increased profit contributions of the
solar glass business compared to the prior year and (ii) tax incurred on the gain from the disposal of a 51% equity interest in a
subsidiary.

The Group’s overall effective tax rate increased from 27.2% in 2024 to 42.7% in 2025, reflecting the impact of certain
impairment provisions for property, plant and equipment that are not deductible for tax purposes or do not result in the
recognition of deferred tax assets.


EBITDA and net profit
In 2025, the Group’s EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation) amounted to RMB3,665.1
million, representing a decrease of 16.6%, as compared to RMB4,392.8 million in 2024. The EBITDA margin (calculated on the
basis of total revenue for the year) was 17.6% in 2025, compared to 20.0% in 2024.

Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company in 2025 was RMB844.5 million, representing a decrease of 16.2%
compared to RMB1,008.2 million in 2024. Net profit margin attributable to equity holders of the Company decreased to
4.0% in 2025 from 4.6% in 2024, mainly due to impairment provision for polysilicon manufacturing facilities and idled solar
glass production lines, partially offset by (i) the improvement in profit margin of solar glass business; (ii) gains on disposal of
subsidiaries; and (iii) reduction in finance costs and administrative and other operating expenses.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED      17
Management Discussion and Analysis


Financial resources and liquidity
For the FY2025, the Group’s total assets remained stable at RMB56,916.1 million, while shareholders’ equity rose 2.7% to
RMB29,831.8 million. The Group’s current ratio as of 31 December 2025 was 1.53 compared to 1.14 as of 31 December
2024. The improvement in the current ratio was primarily attributable to the Group’s adoption of a more prudent financial
management strategy, which strengthened financial resilience and enhanced its ability to mitigate potential impacts from cyclical
market fluctuations.

For the FY2025, the Group primarily financed its operations through internally generated cash flows, bank borrowings and
bond financing. Net cash generated from operating activities amounted to RMB5,656.2 million (2024: RMB1,235.1 million).
The increase in net cash inflow was primarily attributable to improved profitability, reduced inventory levels and the release of
working capital resulting from a slower pace of expansion. Net cash used in investing activities amounted to RMB1,749.3 million
(2024: RMB3,769.2 million). The year-on-year decrease was primarily due to a reduction in capital expenditures, reflecting a
slowdown in the Group’s capacity expansion pace. Net cash generated from financing activities amounted to RMB260.8 million
(2024: RMB773.0 million). During the year, the Group secured new bank borrowings of RMB7,567.8 million, repaid bank
borrowings of RMB7,891.2 million, and issued 3-year fixed-rate bonds amounting to RMB800 million.

As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s net debt gearing ratio (calculated as total borrowings less cash and bank balances divided
by total equity) was 20.1% (2024: 31.0%). The change in the Group’s gearing ratio was mainly due to the increase in cash and
bank balances.


CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND COMMITMENTS

The Group incurred capital expenditures of RMB2,531.5 million for the FY2025 which was primarily used in the expansion
and upgrade of solar glass production capacity, the development of new solar farm projects and the balance payment for the
polysilicon manufacturing facility. Capital commitments contracted for but not incurred by the Group as of 31 December 2025
amounted to RMB715.0 million, which were mainly related to the addition/upgrade of solar glass production facilities and
development and construction of the solar farm projects.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As of 31 December 2025, bills receivables of RMB82.6 million (2024: RMB82.2 million) was pledged as collaterals for obtaining
letter of credit facilities in the PRC. Bills receivables of nil (2024: RMB2.8 million) was pledged as collaterals for obtaining bank
acceptance bill. Bills receivables of RMB363.8 million (2024: RMB967.9 million) was transferred to banks for obtaining bank
borrowings.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As of 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities.




18    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

Save as disclosed in notes 15, 17, 32 and 37 to the consolidated financial statements, there was no material acquisition and
disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies during the FY2025.


EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

No significant event has taken place subsequent to 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report.


TREASURY POLICIES AND EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATION IN FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATES

The Group’s consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is also the functional currency of its principal
subsidiaries, whereas the Company’s functional currency is HKD. As the majority of the Group’s business transactions are
denominated in RMB and most of its assets are located in the PRC, the Group is not materially exposed to foreign exchange risk
as a whole on a group basis.

Within the Group’s solar glass segment, certain subsidiary revenues and operating expenses are denominated in foreign
currencies such as the USD, Malaysian Ringgit and Indonesian Rupiah, resulting in foreign exchange rate exposure. Currency
fluctuations during financial statement translation or the repatriation of earnings, equity investments, or loans may affect the
Group’s financial performance.

For the Group’s renewable energy business, nearly all revenue is denominated in RMB. Foreign exchange risk has been
substantially reduced as nearly all HKD-denominated bank borrowings were converted into RMB borrowings, thereby eliminating
most currency mismatch concerns.

The Group manages currency exposure primarily through natural hedging and does not engage in speculative foreign exchange
activities. Hedging decisions are periodically reviewed in light of exposure levels and anticipated exchange rate movements. The
Group has not experienced any significant difficulties or liquidity issues arising from currency exchange fluctuations. For the
FY2025, no financial hedging instruments were employed, other than a cross-currency swap used to convert a foreign-currency
bank loan into RMB-denominated debt.


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As of 31 December 2025, the Group had about 7,712 full-time employees, with 6,306 based in Mainland China and 1,406
in other territories. The total staff costs, including the emoluments of the Directors, amounted to RMB1,136.0 million for the
FY2025.

The Group maintains good working relationship with its employees and provides training when necessary to keep its employees
informed of the latest information on developments of its products and production processes. Remuneration packages offered
to the Group’s employees are generally competitive and are reviewed on a regular basis. Apart from basic remuneration and the
statutory retirement benefit scheme, discretionary bonuses may be provided to selected employees taking into consideration the
performance of the relevant employee and the overall performance of the Group.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED     19
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


CHAIRMAN AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. (李賢義), aged 73, is a non-executive Director and the Chairman and is responsible for the formulation
of the Group’s overall business strategy. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. joined the Group in July 2006. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. was the
executive Director and re-designated as non-executive Director on 31 July 2023. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. has 37 years experience
in the glass industry. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is the founder of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Glass”) (stock code: 00868),
a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Hong Kong Stock Exchange” or
“Stock Exchange”), and its subsidiaries (“Xinyi Glass Group”) and is currently an executive director and the chairman of Xinyi
Glass. Prior to establishing the Xinyi Glass Group, Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. engaged in the trading of automobile parts. Dr. LEE Yin
Yee, S.B.S. obtained an honourable doctorate degree in engineering from the Universiti Teknikal Malaysia Melaka in November
2018. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is a committee member of the 10th-13th Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and
an honorary citizen of Shenzhen in the PRC. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. was appointed in December 2003 as the first chairman of
Fujian Chamber of Commerce in Shenzhen (formerly known as “Shenzhen Fujian Corporate Association”). Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.
is also the Life Honorary Chairman of the Hong Kong Quanzhou Clans United Association and the Fukienese Association Limited
in Hong Kong. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is the brother-in-law of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P., a non-executive
Director, and an uncle of Mr. LEE Yau Ching, an executive Director. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is the father of Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S.,
an executive Director, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. was the chairman and non-executive
director of Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”) (stock code: 03868), a company listed on the main board of the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange, from May 2018 to August 2020.


EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. (李聖潑), aged 48, is an executive Director, Vice Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer. Mr. LEE
Shing Put, B.B.S. joined the Company in September 2013 and was appointed as a non-executive Director on 20 September
2013 to 30 July 2023. He was re-designated as an executive Director and Vice Chairman on 31 July 2023. He has been the
Chief Executive Officer of the Company since April 2024. Prior to joining us, Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. had been engaged
in information technology and investment businesses since 2001. Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. graduated from the Hong Kong
University of Science and Technology in 2000 with a bachelor degree in business administration majoring in finance and
economics; and graduated from the Peking University in 2016 with a master degree in business administration. Mr. LEE Shing
Put, B.B.S. is Honorary Fellow of The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. was the
executive director of Xinyi Glass from June 2004 to October 2008. Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. is currently a member of the 13th
Guangdong Provincial Standing Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and the Hong Kong
Deputy to the 14th National People’s Congress. Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. is an executive director and chairman of Xinyi Energy
(stock code: 03868), a company listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. is the son
of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. the Chairman and a non-executive Director, a cousin of Mr. LEE Yau Ching, an executive Director, and
a nephew of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P., the Vice Chairman and a non-executive Director.




20    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Mr. LEE Yau Ching (李友情), aged 50, is an executive Director. Mr. LEE Yau Ching is responsible for shaping the corporate
strategy and assisting in the management of the Group. Upon graduating from The Hong Kong University of Science and
Technology in 1999 with a bachelor’s degree in business administration majoring in finance, Mr. LEE Yau Ching joined the
Xinyi Glass Group in June 1999. From June 1999 until February 2004, Mr. LEE Yau Ching worked in various functions within
Xinyi Glass Group, including overseas sales, finance, production and sales of architectural glass and production and sales of
automobile OEM glass. From February 2004 to January 2006, Mr. LEE Yau Ching was the chief marketing officer of Xinyi Glass
Group responsible for planning the overall marketing strategy and overseeing the marketing department. From February 2006
to February 2011, Mr. LEE Yau Ching was the chief operations officer of Xinyi Glass Group. Mr. LEE Yau Ching has since 2004
been an executive director of Xinyi Glass until the listing of the Company’s shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 12
December 2013. Mr. LEE Yau Ching started to involve in our business in mid-2006 and had been the Chief Executive Officer
overseeing our business from November 2010 to March 2024. Mr. LEE Yau Ching was awarded the “Young Industrialist Awards
of Hong Kong 2014”. Mr. LEE Yau Ching is a nephew of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., the Chairman and a non-executive Director,
and a cousin of Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S., an executive Director, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. LEE Yau Ching
is the son of Mr. LEE Sing Din, one of the controlling shareholders of Xinyi Glass, Xinyi Solar and Xinyi Energy. Mr. LEE Yau
Ching is an executive director of Xinyi Energy (stock code: 03868), a company listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange.

Mr. LI Man Yin (李文演), aged 71, is an executive Director and is responsible for overseeing the purchase and procurement
functions of the business since December 2011. Mr. LI Man Yin was appointed as an executive Director on 20 September 2013.
Mr. LI Man Yin has been an executive director of Xinyi Glass since June 2004 until the listing of the Company’s shares on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 12 December 2013.

Mr. CHU Charn Fai (朱燦輝), aged 56, is an executive Director, Financial Controller and Company Secretary of the Group. Mr.
CHU joined the Group in April 2011. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. CHU was the financial controller of Minmetals Resources
Limited (currently known as MMG Limited) (stock code: 01208), a company listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange, from August 2002 to August 2010. Mr. CHU started working with Minmetals Resources Limited in February 1998
and held various positions in the finance department during the period up to July 2002 and before which, Mr. CHU worked in
an international accounting firm for around four years. Mr. CHU received a master’s degree in corporate finance from The Hong
Kong Polytechnic University in 2006. Mr. CHU is a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and
a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. CHU was appointed as Company Secretary of Xinyi
Energy (stock code: 03868), a company listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, since July 2024.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED    21
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. (董清世), aged 60, is a non-executive Director and the Vice Chairman and
is responsible for the formulation of the Group’s overall business strategy and overseeing the implementation of the business
strategies. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. joined the Group in July 2006. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. has been working
in Xinyi Glass Group for 37 years since its inception and is currently an executive director and the chief executive officer of Xinyi
Glass. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is a member of The National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference (中國人民政治協商會議全國委員會成員), a standing committee member of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous
Regional Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (中國人民政治協商會議廣西壯族自治區委員
會常委), vice chairman of the China Architectural and Industrial Glass Association (中國建築玻璃與工業玻璃協會), a member
of the executive committee of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce (全國工商聯執行委員會委員), chairman of
the Happy Hong Kong Foundation, and the president of Hong Kong Industrial & Commercial Association. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG
Ching Sai J.P. obtained the Third Shenzhen Municipal Ten Outstanding Young Entrepreneurs award in September 2001 and was
awarded the “Young Industrialist Awards of Hong Kong 2006”. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. graduated from the Sun Yat-
Sen University with a senior executive master degree in business administration in 2007. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is the
brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., the Chairman and a non-executive Director, and uncle of Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S.,
an executive Director, Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is the chairman and non-
executive director of Xinyi Electric Storage Holdings Limited (stock code: 08328), a company listed on the GEM of the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange and an executive director and vice chairman of Xinyi Energy (stock code: 03868), a company listed on the
main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Mr. LO Wan Sing, Vincent (盧溫勝), aged 78, is a member of the National Committee of the 10th, 11th and 12th Chinese
People’s Political Consultative Conference, with a Silver Bauhinia Star (S.B.S.) awarded in July 2017 by the government of Hong
Kong Special Administrative Region. Mr. LO serves as an independent non-executive director of Ever Harvest Group Holdings
Limited (stock code: 01549) which listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

Mr. KAN E-ting, Martin (簡亦霆), aged 43, graduated from the University of Sydney with a bachelor’s degree in engineering
majoring in software engineering in 2005 and a bachelor’s degree in laws in 2007. Mr. KAN joined Mallesons Stephen Jaques
(now known as King & Wood Mallesons) in August 2008 as a trainee solicitor and left the firm as a solicitor in corporate finance
and capital markets practice in February 2013. Mr. KAN was admitted as a lawyer of the Supreme Court of New South Wales,
Australia, in July 2008. Mr. KAN was admitted as a solicitor of the High Court of Hong Kong in April 2011. From April 2013 to
December 2016, he was the deputy general manager and general manager of Ming Hong Technology (Shenzhen) Limited and
Shenzhen Ming Hong Technology Limited respectively, which are primarily engaged in the business relating to the design and
production of consumer electronics products.




22    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Ms. LEONG Chong Peng (梁仲萍), aged 52, holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce from Curtin University and is an associate
member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountant, a Fellow Certified Practising Accountant (“FCPA”) of
Australia and a Registered Company Auditor in Australia. Ms. LEONG is experienced in auditing, accounting, corporate
governance, risk management and corporate compliance and has been involved in initial public offering transactions for
companies in Hong Kong and Australia.

Ms. LEONG currently is practising as a FCPA and a Registered Company Auditor in Australia. Ms. LEONG was an executive
director in Pitcher Partners Perth (Baker Tilly International Affiliates) from 2011 to 2015, director in Monash Group (merged with
Pitcher Partners Perth in 2011) from 2006 to 2011 and had previously worked with Ernst & Young in Hong Kong, Shanghai
and Perth. Ms. LEONG has extensive audit experience during the past 28 years. Ms. LEONG has participated in the audit
engagements for multinationals and listed companies in Hong Kong, China and Australia.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. LIU Xiao Rong (劉笑榮), aged 46, is the Vice President of the Group, responsible for overseeing the Group’s ultra-clear
photovoltaic glass business. Mr. LIU obtained a bachelor’s degree in inorganic non-metal materials from Northwest Institute of
Light Industry* (西北輕工業學院) (now known as Shanxi University of Science & Technology (陝西科技大學)) in July 2002. Mr.
LIU joined Xinyi Glass Group in July 2007 as a raw material engineer of our solar glass business. From February to June 2009,
Mr. LIU was transferred to the group management office of Xinyi Glass as an assistant of the chief executive officer, focusing on
the development of our solar glass business. Since October 2008, Mr. LIU has been working for the Group and worked as vice
general manager of production from October 2010 to December 2013. In December 2013, Mr. LIU was appointed as general
manager of the Group’s ultra-clear photovoltaic glass business.

Mr. LI Bin Wei (李斌偉), aged 43, is the Vice General Manager of the Group, responsible for overseeing the Group’s solar
farm development and construction business. Mr. LI studied Non-metallic Materials Science at Xiamen University (廈門大學)
from 2001 to 2004. Mr. LI joined the Xinyi Glass Group in February 2005 and worked in various departments such as sales,
procurement, etc. Mr. LI joined Xinyi Solar in 2010 and was responsible for the procurement function of Wuhu production
complex. Since 2016, Mr. LI was responsible for the procurement function of solar farm development and construction system.
Starting in 2020, in addition to the procurement function, Mr. LI was also responsible for the technical and other management
functions of solar farm development and construction system.




*    For identification purpose only.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED      23
Corporate Governance Report


The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance in the management structure and internal control
procedures of the Group for the purpose of ensuring that all business activities of the Group and the decision-making process
are properly regulated and are in full compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. For corporate governance purpose,
the Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) set forth in Appendix C1 of The Rules Governing
the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) throughout the year of 2025.

In the opinion of the Board, the Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the CG Code for
the FY2025 except for the deviation from code provision C.2.1.

The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company. Its key responsibilities include providing
leadership and supervision to the management with a view to protecting the Shareholders’ interests and enhancing Company’s
long-term value.

The Board has established the Group’s purpose, values and strategies and was satisfied that they are aligned with the Group’s
culture. All Directors must act with integrity, lead by example, and promote the desired culture. The Board should instil and
continually reinforce across the Company’s values of “acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly”.

During the FY2025, the Board closely monitored the implementation of corporate governance practice, risk management and
internal control systems to ensure the corporate value and the Company’s culture are aligned.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

One of the responsibilities of the Board is to prevent fraud and non-compliance issues, safeguard the assets of the Group
and formulate the overall business strategies for the Group. The Board currently comprises four executive Directors, two non-
executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. The biographical information of the Directors are set forth
on pages 20 to 23 of this annual report.

The four executive Directors are Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S., Mr. LEE Yau Ching, Mr. LI Man Yin, and Mr. CHU Charn Fai. Mr.
LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. is the son of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., a cousin of Mr. LEE Yau Ching and a nephew of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG
Ching Sai J.P. , Mr. LEE Yau Ching is a nephew of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. and a cousin of Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S..

The two non-executive Directors are Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. . Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is the
father of Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S., the brother-in-law of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. , and an uncle of Mr. LEE Yau Ching.
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is the brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. and uncle of Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S..

The three independent non-executive Directors are Mr. LO Wan Sing, Vincent, Mr. KAN E-ting, Martin and Ms. LEONG Chong
Peng.

Save as disclosed above, there is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s))
among the members of the Board.




24      XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
The Company has complied with Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three
independent non-executive directors, one independent non-executive director of which has the appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise and the independent non-executive directors represent at
least one-third of the Board.

The articles of association (the “Articles”) of the Company provide that at each annual general meeting, one-third of the
Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation and that every Director shall subject to retirement by rotation at
least once every three years. Where there is any casual vacancy in the Board, candidates will be proposed and put forward to the
Board for consideration and approval, with a view to appointing to the Board individuals with the appropriate capabilities to fill
the casual vacancy.

Pursuant to code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code, the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer should be separate and
should not be performed by the same individual. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is the Chairman of the Group and Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S.
is the Vice Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer of the Group. The Chairman is responsible for managing and providing
leadership to the Board and ensuring that the Group has maintained strong and effective corporate governance practices and
procedures. Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. has performed both of the roles as the Vice Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer of
the Group. However, the Board considers that since Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. has been working in the Group for more than a
decade and is familiar with the business operations of the Group, vesting both of the roles of the Vice Chairman and the Chief
Executive Officer in Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. can facilitate the smooth and efficient execution of the business strategy of the
Group. Furthermore, the Board considers that the balance of power and authority between the Board and the management
of the Company will not be impaired as Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. will only be one of the two Vice Chairmen of the Group
alongside the Chairman of the Group. Under the supervision of the Board which comprises four executive Directors, two non-
executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors, the Board is appropriately structured with balance of power
to provide sufficient checks to protect the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.

Each of the non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors has entered into a service contract or letter
of appointment with the Company for a specific term of not more than three years. All of the independent non-executive
Directors have satisfied the independence criteria and have made their confirmations on independence pursuant to Rule 3.13
of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors have fulfilled the independence
guidelines set forth under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED       25
Corporate Governance Report


Attendance records of the Directors at board meetings and general meeting in 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                      Number of meetings attended/held
                                                                                      General meeting        Board meetings

Executive Directors
     LEE Shing Put                                                                                   1/1                   4/4
     LEE Yau Ching                                                                                   1/1                   4/4
     LI Man Yin                                                                                      1/1                   4/4
     CHU Charn Fai                                                                                   1/1                   4/4


Non-executive Directors
     LEE Yin Yee                                                                                     1/1                   4/4
     TUNG Ching Sai                                                                                  1/1                   3/4


Independent non-executive Directors
     LO Wan Sing, Vincent                                                                            1/1                   3/4
     KAN E-ting, Martin                                                                              1/1                   4/4
     LEONG Chong Peng                                                                                1/1                   4/4

In additions to board meetings, the Chairman also holds meetings from time to time with executive Directors and at least one
meeting with independent non-executive Directors annually without the presence of executive Directors.

The Board is responsible for the formulation of the overall strategies and objectives of the Group, monitoring and evaluating
the operating and financial performance, the review of the corporate governance measures and supervision of the overall
management of the Group. The senior management of the Group is responsible for the implementation of the business
strategies and the day-to-day operations of the Group under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer. The Directors have
full access to all the information of the Group in relation to the business operation and financial performance of the Group.
Senior management of the Group also provides the Directors from time to time with information on the business operation of
the Group.


BOARD DIVERSITY

The Board considers that its diversity is a vital asset to the business and has adopted a board diversity policy for better
transparency and governance. Board appointments are based on merit and candidates are considered against objective criteria,
having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The Company adopted the board
diversity policy (the “Diversity Policy”) as required by the CG Code. The Nomination Committee will discuss and agree on
measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommend them to the Board for adoption,
as set forth in the Diversity Policy of the Company.




26      XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
For the purpose of implementation of the board diversity policy, the following measurable objectives were adopted:

—     At least one member of the Board shall be female.

—     At least one-third of the members of the Board shall be independent non-executive Directors.

The members of the Board, who come from a variety of different backgrounds, have a diverse range of business, and
professional expertise. The table below sets forth an analysis of the Board’s current composition based on the measurable
objectives:

                                                                                                                   Number of
Measurable objective                          Category                                                                Director

Gender                                        Male                                                                            8
                                              Female                                                                          1

Age                                           41-50                                                                           3
                                              51-60                                                                           3
                                              Over 60                                                                         3

Director’s skills and experience              Solar glass industry experience                                                 6
                                              Renewable energy business experience                                            4
                                              International exposure                                                          2
                                              Financial expertise                                                             2
                                              Legal expertise                                                                 1
                                              Digital and technology                                                          2
                                              Compliance and corporate governance experience                                  9
                                              Current executive leadership or directorship in
                                                 other listed companies                                                       5

Based on the foregoing, the composition and diversity of the Board enable the management to benefit from a diverse and
objective external perspective, on issues raised before the Board.

Brief biographical particulars of the Directors, together with information relating to the relationship among them, are set forth
on pages 20 to 23 in this annual report.

The Board currently has one female Director and as such has achieved gender diversity in respect of the Board. The Company
targets to maintain at least the current level of female representation on the Board and strive to ensure the Board is made up
of a reasonable and appropriate proportion of female member by reference to stakeholders’ expectations and international and
local recommended best practices and the pool of qualified candidates.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   27
Corporate Governance Report


The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following table sets forth the gender ratio in the
workforce of the Group, including the Board and senior management as of 31 December 2025:

                                                                                                        Male            Female

Board                                                                                                 88.9%              11.1%
Senior Management                                                                                     93.1%               6.9%
Other employees                                                                                       79.8%              20.2%
Overall workforce                                                                                     79.9%              20.1%


The Nomination Committee was of the opinion that the Board consisted of members with diversified gender, age, cultural and
education background, professional/business experience, skills and knowledge. Further details for the diversity, including the
gender diversity, in the workforce during the FY2025 are set forth in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report dated 30
April 2026 of the Company.

The Nomination Committee will monitor the implementation of the Board Diversity Policy and review the same as appropriate.
The Board Diversity Policy is available on the website of the Company for public information.


MECHANISM REGARDING INDEPENDENT VIEWS TO THE BOARD

The Board has implemented different ways to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board (the “Mechanism”).
The purpose of the Mechanism is to improve Board effectiveness, maximise strengths, and identify the areas that need
improvement or further development. The Mechanism also clarifies what actions of the Company need to be taken to maintain
and improve the Board performance, for instance, addressing individual training and development needs of each Director.

Pursuant to the Mechanism, the Board will conduct annual review on its independence. The results will be presented to the
Board which will collectively discuss the results and the action plan for improvement, if appropriate. The Board will also conduct
annual review to the Mechanism and the results will be presented to the Board which will collectively discuss the results and the
action plan for improvement, if appropriate.

During the FY2025, the Board reviewed its independence and the results were satisfactory.

During the FY2025, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Mechanism and the results were
satisfactory.




28      XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as
set forth in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions by the Directors. Directors are
reminded of their obligations under the Model Code on a regular basis. Having made specific enquiries to the Directors, all
Directors confirmed that they had complied with the required standard of dealings as set forth in the Model Code throughout
the FY2025.


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Remuneration Committee of the Board comprises five members, namely Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching
Sai J.P. , Mr. LO Wan Sing, Vincent, Mr. KAN E-ting, Martin and Ms. LEONG Chong Peng. Three of Remuneration Committee
members are independent non-executive Directors, and one of whom, Mr. LO Wan Sing, Vincent, is the chairman of the
Remuneration Committee.

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include reviewing the terms of the remuneration packages of and
determining the award of bonuses to Directors and senior management and reviewing and approving matters related to share
option schemes. The Remuneration Committee was established on 19 November 2013 and its terms of reference, which has
been amended on 29 December 2016, are posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

During the year, one meeting of the Remuneration Committee was held to review, consider and make recommendations to the
Board where appropriate in relation to:

–    annual review of the directors’ fee;

–    annual review of the remuneration packages of the executive Directors and senior management; and

–    the renewal of directors’ service contracts and letters of appointment that expired during the year.

The attendance record of each committee member is set forth below:

                                                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                                                     meeting
                                                                                                               attended/held

LO Wan Sing, Vincent (Chairman)                                                                                             0/1
LEE Yin Yee                                                                                                                 1/1
TUNG Ching Sai                                                                                                              1/1
KAN E-ting, Martin                                                                                                          1/1
LEONG Chong Peng                                                                                                            1/1




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED     29
Corporate Governance Report


The remuneration of the members of the senior management (other than the Directors of the Company) by band for the
FY2025 is set forth below:

                                                                                                                       Number of
In the band of:                                                                                                        individuals

HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                                                                     1
HK$3,500,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                                                     1

Details of the Directors’ remuneration is set forth in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee of the Board comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. LEONG Chong Peng, Mr.
LO Wan Sing, Vincent and Mr. KAN E-ting, Martin. Ms. LEONG Chong Peng is the chairperson of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee assists the Board to review the financial reporting process, evaluate the effectiveness of internal control
and risk management systems and oversee the auditing processes of the Group. The Audit Committee was established on 19
November 2013 and its terms of reference, which has been amended on 29 December 2016, are posted on the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchange.

During the year, the Audit Committee convened four meetings to review, consider and, where appropriate, make
recommendations to the Board in relation to the following matters:

–     the independence and performance of the external auditor, including the provision of non-audit services;

–     the audit plans and findings of the external auditor, together with related management responses, as well as changes in
      accounting standards and their impact on the Group;

–     the annual and interim financial statements and the related results announcement;

–     the continuing connected transactions of the Group;

–     the Group’s financial reporting and compliance procedures, internal control and risk management systems; and

–     matters relating to the retirement and appointment of auditors.

The attendance record of each committee member is set forth below.

                                                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                                                         meetings
                                                                                                                   attended/held

LEONG Chong Peng (Chairperson)                                                                                                  4/4
LO Wan Sing, Vincent                                                                                                            3/4
KAN E-ting, Martin                                                                                                              4/4




30    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Nomination Committee of the Board consists of five members, namely Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching
Sai J.P. , Mr. LO Wan Sing, Vincent, Mr. KAN E-ting, Martin and Ms. LEONG Chong Peng. Three of Nomination Committee
members are independent non-executive Directors. The chairman of the Nomination Committee is Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S..

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and diversity of the Board on a regular
basis, assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors of the Company, and make recommendations to the
Board regarding the appointment, retirement and re-election of Directors. The Nomination Committee was established on 19
November 2013 and its terms of reference, which has been amended on 30 June 2025, are posted on the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchange.

During the year, one meeting was held by the Nomination Committee to review, consider and make recommendations to the
Board where appropriate in relation to the following matters:

–     the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board;

–     the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

–     the re-election of the retiring Directors for shareholders’ approval at the AGM.

The attendance record of each committee member is set forth below:

                                                                                                                    Number of
                                                                                                                       meeting
                                                                                                                 attended/held

LEE Yin Yee (Chairman)                                                                                                         1/1
TUNG Ching Sai                                                                                                                 1/1
LO Wan Sing, Vincent                                                                                                           0/1
KAN E-ting, Martin                                                                                                             1/1
LEONG Chong Peng                                                                                                               1/1


NOMINATION POLICY

When making recommendations regarding the appointment of any proposed candidate to the Board or re-appointment of any
existing member(s) of the Board, the Nomination Committee shall consider a variety of factors including but without limitation
to the following in assessing the suitability of the proposed candidate:

–     Reputation for integrity;

–     Achieve board diversity, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity,
      professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;

–     Merit and contribution that the candidate will bring to the Board;




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED     31
Corporate Governance Report


–     Compliance with the criteria of independence as prescribed under the Listing Rules for the appointment of an independent
      non-executive director if the proposed candidate will be nominated as an independent non-executive director; and

–     Able to devote sufficient time and attention to the Company’s business.

The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate recommended or offered for nomination by a shareholder
of the Company as a nominee for election to the Board and the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
planning for Directors is subject to the approval of the Board.

Procedures for shareholders’ nomination of any proposed candidate for election as a director are stated in “Mechanisms available
for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the Company” and disclosed in the Company’s website.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge that it is their responsibilities in (i) overseeing the preparation of the financial statements of the
Group with a view to ensure that such financial statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and (ii)
selecting suitable accounting policies, applying the selected accounting policies consistently, and making prudent and reasonable
judgments and estimates for the preparation of the financial statements of the Group. The Directors were not aware of any
material uncertainties relating to events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to continue as a
going concern.

The statement of the auditors of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements of the Group
is set forth in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 67 to 72 of this annual report.


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

For the FY2025, the professional fees paid/payable to the external auditors of the Company in respect of audit and non-audit
services provided by the auditors to the Group were as follows:

Auditors’ remuneration                                                                                                RMB’000

Audit services                                                                                                            2,679


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of risk management and internal control
so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the operations of the Group in achieving the established corporate objectives,
safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable financial reporting and complying with the applicable laws and regulations.
The systems are designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, and to
manage rather than eliminate risk of failure to meet the business objectives of the Group.




32    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
The key elements of the Group’s risk management and internal control structure are as follows:

–       Well-defined organisational structure with appropriate segregation of duties, limit of authority, reporting lines and
        responsibilities to minimise risk of errors and abuse;

–       Clear and written policies and procedures have been established and regularly reviewed for major functions and
        operations;

–       Important business functions or activities are managed by experienced, qualified and suitably trained staff;

–       Continuous monitoring of the key operating data and performance indicators, timely and up-to-date business and financial
        reporting, immediate corrective actions are taken where necessary; and

–       Internal audit function to perform independent appraisal of major operations on an ongoing basis.

Through the Audit Committee and the internal audit team, the Board has conducted an annual review on the effectiveness of
risk management and internal control systems of the Group for the FY2025.

A risk-based approach is adopted to ensure that a methodical coverage of the Group’s operations and resources are focused
on high-risk areas. The internal audit team takes the lead to evaluate the risk management and internal control systems of the
Group by reviewing the major operations of the Group every year. The review covers all material controls including financial,
operational and compliance controls. Review results and recommendations in the form of written reports are submitted to the
Audit Committee for discussion and review. Follow-up actions will be taken up by the internal audit team to ensure that findings
previously identified have been properly addressed.

Based on the results of the internal control review for the FY2025 and the assessment of the Audit Committee thereon,
no significant deficiency in risk management and internal controls systems are noted. The Board therefore is satisfied that
appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems have been maintained for the year ended 31 December
2025.


INSIDE INFORMATION POLICY

The Company has established an inside information policy which contains the guidelines to the directors, officers and all relevant
employees (likely possessing the unpublished inside information) of the Group to ensure that the inside information of the
Group is to be disseminated to public in equal and timely manner in accordance with the applicable laws and regulation.




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   33
Corporate Governance Report


DIRECTORS’ INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

The Company provides to all the Directors a comprehensive induction package which includes introduction on the business
operations, internal procedures and general policy of the Company and a summary of statutory and regulatory obligations
of directors under the Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations. During the year, the Directors are provided with
regular updates on the Group’s business, operations, risk management and corporate governance matters to enable the Board
as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties. The Directors are also encouraged to attend both in-house training and
training provided by independent service providers. Directors are continually updated on the statutory and regulatory regime and
the business environment to facilitate the discharge of their responsibilities. Continuing briefing and professional development
for directors will be arranged where necessary.

For the FY2025, all Directors participated in continuous professional development, which included studying regulatory updates,
reviewing training materials, and attending training sessions and webinars. This ongoing training aimed to enhance their
knowledge and skills related to directors’ duties, the latest amendments to the Listing Rules, and best practices in corporate
governance.


COMPANY SECRETARY

The Company Secretary is Mr. CHU Charn Fai, a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and
a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. CHU is also the financial controller and Executive
Director of the Company. He assists the Board by ensuring good information flow within the Board and that the policy and
procedures of the Board are followed. For the FY2025, Mr. CHU has duly complied with the relevant professional training
requirement under Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHT

(i)   Procedures for Shareholders to convene a general meeting
      Pursuant to article 58 of the Articles, any one or more members holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less
      than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company,
      on a one vote per Share basis, shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the company
      secretary of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of
      any business specified in such requisition; and such general meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit
      of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such general meeting, the
      requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may convene a physical meeting at only one location which will be the principal
      meeting place, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be
      reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.




34    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(ii) Procedures for Shareholders to putting forward proposals
        Pursuant to article 58A of the Articles, after the notice of the general meeting is given, any one or more Members holding
        at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right
        of voting at general meetings of the Company, on a one vote per Share basis, shall have the right to propose additional
        resolutions in writing to the Company at least 10 days before the convening of the general meeting, at the expense of
        the requisitionist(s), provided that the scheduled convening of the general meeting of the Company shall not affected
        thereby. The content of the proposed resolutions must fall within the scope of duties and powers of the general meeting
        of Members, with specific resolutions, and comply with the laws and regulations. The Board shall list the proposed
        resolutions that are within the scope of duties and powers of the general meeting in the agenda of the meeting and
        submit the matters to the general meeting for the Members’ consideration.


(iii) Procedures for which enquiries may be put to the Board
        Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns with sufficient contact details to the Board at the
        principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong for the attention of the company secretary or via e-mail to
        “ir@xinyisolar.com.hk”.


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

The Company endeavours to develop and maintain continuing relationships and effective communications with its shareholders
and investors. In an effort to facilitate and enhance the relationships and communication, the Company has established
a shareholders communication policy. The Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders
communication policy and the results were satisfactory. The Company has established the following channels:

(i)     the annual general meeting provides a forum for the Shareholders to raise comments and exchange views with the Board.
        The Directors are available at the annual general meeting of the Company to address Shareholders’ queries;

(ii)    the Company maintains a website at www.xinyisolar.com, where updated key information/news of the Group is available
        for public access;

(iii)   interim and annual results are announced as early as possible, to keep the Shareholders informed of the Group’s
        performance and operations;

(iv)    investor, analyst and media briefing are held as early as practicable after the publication of the interim and annual results;

(v)     the Company’s management may meet with shareholders, potential investors and research analysts upon request and
        provide update of the latest business development of the Group and answer their queries in accordance with the Group’s
        Inside Information Policy; and

(vi)    Shareholders shall direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong,
        Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED       35
Corporate Governance Report


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

During the year, the Company has made changes to its constitutional documents to be consistent with the latest legal
and regulatory requirements, including the applicable laws of the British Virgin Islands and Hong Kong, the new electronic
dissemination rules under the expanded paperless listing regime of the Stock Exchange effective from 31 December 2023 and
the creation of the treasury shares that may be held by the Company as permitted under the Listing Rules.

The adoption of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company had obtained shareholders’
approval at the annual general meeting held on 30 May 2025. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company
dated 30 April 2025 and the circular of the Company dated 30 April 2025.

The Company’s constitutional documents are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.


DIVIDEND POLICY

In considering the payment of dividends, the Board seeks to maintain adequate cash reserves to meet the Group’s working
capital requirements and to strike an appropriate balance between supporting future business growth and rewarding the
Shareholders.

Provided that the Group’s daily working capital needs are satisfied and funding has been reserved for future development, the
Company intends to maintain a relatively stable dividend distribution ratio. However, the Company’s past dividend distribution
record does not necessarily indicate that the same level of dividends will be declared or paid in the future.

In proposing any dividend payout, the Board will take into account the Group’s financial performance and cash flow position,
future expansion plans and capital requirements, interests of the Shareholders, contractual restrictions on payment of dividends,
taxation considerations, statutory and regulatory restrictions, general economic conditions, the business cycle of the Group’s
operations, and any other factors the Board may consider relevant.

The Company may declare and pay dividends in cash, in scrip, or by other means that the Board considers appropriate. Any
dividend remaining unclaimed shall be forfeited and revert to the Company in accordance with its memorandum and articles of
association.




36    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                              Report of the Directors


The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the FY2025.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities of the subsidiaries mainly include: (i)
production and sale of solar glass products and (ii) renewable energy business focused on solar farm development alongside
solar and wind power generation. Particulars of the subsidiaries are set forth in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements
in this annual report.


BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

A business review of the Group and further discussion and analysis of these activities of the Group for the FY2025 and the
future development are set forth in the Chairman’s Statement from pages 4 to 10 and Management Discussion and Analysis
from pages 11 to 19 of this annual report. These discussions form part of the Report of the Directors.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The results of the Group for the FY2025 are set forth in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on page 73 in this annual
report. During the year, an interim dividend of 4.2 HK cents per share, amounting to a total of approximately HK$381.3 million
(equivalent to RMB349.1 million), was paid to the Shareholders in cash or by way of scrip shares in lieu of cash on 10 October
2025.


FINAL DIVIDEND

At the meeting of the Board held on 27 February 2026, the Directors proposed a final dividend (“Final Dividend”) of 0.8 HK
cents per share for the FY2025. The recommendation of the payment of the Final Dividend is subject to the approval of the
Shareholders at the annual general meeting to be held on Friday, 29 May 2026. If approved by the Shareholders, it is expected
that the Final Dividend will be paid on Friday, 3 July 2026 to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members
of the Company on Monday, 8 June 2026.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group’s solar glass production may generate air pollutants, wastewater and other industrial waste at various stages of
the production process. To ensure compliance with applicable environmental protection laws and regulations, the Group has
implemented the following measures:

–    Energy: Natural gas has been used as the principal energy source for the Group’s glass melting furnaces.

–    Residual heat power generation: The Group’s solar glass production plants have utilised residual heat generated during the
        production process to generate electricity.

–    Glass recycling: Scraped and unused glass produced during the production process have been recycled back into the glass
        melting furnaces for the production of solar glass products.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED      37
Report of the Directors


Over the past few years, the Group has continued to invest in various types of solar farm projects, which can help to improve air
quality and the environment by reducing the consumption of fossil fuel and emission of carbon dioxide.

During the year, the Group has utilised the solar power generation systems installed on the rooftops of its production complexes
to generate renewable energy for its own use. In addition, the Group has also implemented a range of measures to further
reduce greenhouse gases emissions per unit of solar glass output, enhance the water recycling utilisation rate and promote more
environmentally friendly product packaging.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

An Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) report for the FY2025 of the Group will be published on the websites of the
Company and Stock Exchange at the same time as the publication of this annual report.


COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

During the year under review and to the best knowledge of the Company’s directors, the Group had obtained and completed all
material licenses, certifications, permits and registration necessary for its business operations, and that the Group had complied
in all material aspects with all laws, rules and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group’s business and operations.


RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND EMPLOYEES

The Group values relationships with, and have been maintaining good relationships with its customers, raw material and
equipment suppliers, logistics service providers and the employees of the Group. During the FY2025, there were no material
dispute between the Group and its customers, suppliers and employees.

Customers are the Company’s greatest assets. Xinyi Solar is committed to the production of quality solar glass, with great
emphasis on product quality and reputation. Over the years, the Company has already established a professional and reliable
corporate image among the customers. Xinyi Solar has been maintaining the harmonious partnership of equal footing, honest
cooperation and mutual benefits with suppliers. Supplier management has been standardised. Supplier assessment system has
been improved through tendering and procurement. This is to create a fair and equitable competition environment for suppliers.
Xinyi Solar adheres to the philosophy of “People-Oriented” and is committed to providing the employees with a safe and healthy
work environment. The staff members are encouraged to show their creativity and potential, realising the co-development of
the staff and the enterprise.


DONATIONS

Donations by the Group for charitable purposes during the FY2025 amounted to RMB14,059,000 (2024: RMB6,262,000).




38    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The business performance of the Group is subject to the following principal risks and uncertainties:


Solar glass business
–     The levels of demand and supply of solar glass are not entirely within the Group’s control and are generally affected by the
      solar energy industry, the overall macroeconomic factors in the principal solar energy markets, and the production capacity
      of other solar glass manufacturers.

–     The Group may not be able to adjust its production levels promptly in response to the changing market environment and
      as a result, any imbalance between the demand and supply of solar glass could create significant pressure on the selling
      prices.

–     As a solar glass manufacturer, the Group follows the technology development which may cause demand for its solar
      glass products to be reduced significantly.

–     The Group also relies on the continuous supply of energy and raw materials for its production requirement.


Renewable energy business
–     Climate change, unpredictable weather patterns, grid consumption constraints and market-based electricity trading can
      lead to erratic generation revenues and returns.

–     Trade and tariff adjustment receivables arising from sales of electricity were all due from state-owned enterprises. The
      delay in the collection of tariff adjustment receivables may affect the cash flow and liquidity of the Group.

–     Power curtailment and changes in electricity pricing policies may impact the Group’s electricity sales revenue to varying
      degrees.

All of the above factors may adversely and materially affect the Group’s operating results and profitability.

Details of the Group’s exposure to foreign exchange risk and other financial risks are set forth in the paragraphs under “Treasury
Policies and Exposure to Fluctuation in Foreign Exchange Rates” in the Management Discussion and Analysis on page 19 and the
paragraphs under “Financial Risk Management Objective And Policies” in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements from
pages 83 to 103 of this annual report.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set forth in the section
headed “Financial Summary” in this annual report.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED       39
Report of the Directors


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in the Group’s property, plant and equipment during the FY2025 are set forth in note 17 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the FY2025 are set forth in note 26 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Under the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands, as of 31 December 2025, share premium amounting to approximately
RMB5,811.9 million (2024: RMB5,595.3 million) and retained earnings of RMB1,433.4 million (2024: RMB1,823.4 million) was
distributable to the Shareholders, subject to the condition that immediately following the date on which the distribution or
dividend is proposed to be made, the Company is able to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

Save for disclosed above, the Company had no distributable reserve available for distribution to the Shareholders at 31
December 2025 and 2024.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association or the laws of the Cayman Islands,
which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


DIRECTORS

The Directors of the Company during the year and up to the date of this annual report were:


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S. (Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. LEE Yau Ching
Mr. LI Man Yin
Mr. CHU Charn Fai


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. (Chairman)
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. (Vice Chairman)




40    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LO Wan Sing, Vincent
Mr. KAN E-ting, Martin
Ms. LEONG Chong Peng

In accordance with article 84 of the Articles, Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. and Mr. LI Man Yin will
retire by rotation and being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.


INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received from the independent non-executive Directors the confirmations of their independence pursuant to
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has entered or has proposed to enter into any
service agreements with the Company or any other member of the Group which is not determinable by the Company within
one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

The emoluments of the Directors are recommended by the remuneration committee and are decided by the Board, taking into
account the Group’s operating results, individual performance as well as market trends and practices.


The remuneration of the Directors for the FY2025 were as follows:

(i)     For non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, remuneration consisted of fixed fees with no
        discretionary elements or equity-based awards.

(ii)    Executive Directors ware entitled to a combination of fixed and performance-related remuneration. The performance-
        related component was a discretionary management bonus determined by the Board, based on the Group’s net profits.
        The total management bonus for all executive Directors did not exceed 5% of the Group’s net profits.

(iii)   No share options were granted to Directors who were family members of or connected to the controlling shareholders.

Further details of the remuneration of the Directors are set out in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report.


DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS THAT
ARE SIGNIFICANT IN RELATION TO THE COMPANY’S BUSINESS

Except for the connected transactions and continuing connected transactions disclosed on pages 59 to 64 of this annual report,
no transactions, arrangements and contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or its
subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
year or at any time during the year.


                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED       41
Report of the Directors


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the FY2025.


SHARE OPTION SCHEMES

(a) Share Option Scheme of the Company
     In June 2014, the Company adopted a share option scheme (the “2014 Share Option Scheme”), which expired on 5
     June 2024. On 31 May 2024, the Company adopted a new share option scheme (the “2024 Share Option Scheme”).
     The following table sets forth the movements in the share options of the Company for the FY2025:

                                                                      Closing
                                                                 price of the
                                                                  Company’s
                                                                       shares
                                                                immediately
                                                     Exercise     before the                                                     Number of share options
                                                        price     grant date    Vesting      Exercise            At                                                              At
     Grantee              Grant date                   (HK$)            (HK$)   period       period        1/1/2025   Granted    Exercised      Lapsed     Cancelled     31/12/2025

     Executive director   2014 Share Option Scheme
       - Mr. CHU          31/3/2021                    12.99           13.40    31/3/2021-   1/4/2024-     300,000          —           —      (300,000)           —             —
         Charn Fai                                                              31/12/2023   31/3/2025
                          31/3/2022                    13.82           14.14    31/3/2022-   1/4/2025-     378,000          —           —            —             —       378,000
                                                                                31/12/2024   31/3/2026
                          31/3/2023                     9.41            9.36    31/3/2023-   1/4/2026-     375,000          —           —            —             —       375,000
                                                                                31/12/2025   31/3/2027
                          28/3/2024                     6.15            5.99    28/3/2024-   1/4/2027-     375,000          —           —            —             —       375,000
                                                                                31/12/2026   31/3/2028
                          2024 Share Option Scheme
                          28/3/2025                     3.19            3.17    28/3/2025-   1/4/2028-           —     375,000          —            —             —       375,000
                                                                                31/12/2027   31/3/2029

     Continuous           2014 Share Option Scheme
       contract           31/3/2021                    12.99           13.40    31/3/2021-   1/4/2024-    8,779,000         —           —    (8,523,000)    (256,000)            —
       employees                                                                31/12/2023   31/3/2025
                          31/3/2022                    13.82           14.14    31/3/2022-   1/4/2025-   13,221,500         —           —            —      (974,500)    12,247,000
                                                                                31/12/2024   31/3/2026
                          31/3/2023                     9.41            9.36    31/3/2023-   1/4/2026-   14,494,900         —           —            —     (2,056,500)   12,438,400
                                                                                31/12/2025   31/3/2027
                          28/3/2024                     6.15            5.99    28/3/2024-   1/4/2027-   17,400,900         —           —            —     (2,282,700)   15,118,200
                                                                                31/12/2026   31/3/2028
                          2024 Share Option Scheme
                          28/3/2025                     3.19            3.17    28/3/2025-   1/4/2028-           — 16,675,000           —            —      (523,600)    16,151,400
                                                                                31/12/2027   31/3/2029

     Total                                                                                               55,324,300 17,050,000          —    (8,823,000) (6,093,300)     57,458,000




42   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
A summary of the principal terms of the 2024 Share Option Scheme is as follows:


(i)     Purpose
        The 2024 Share Option Scheme is established to recognise and acknowledge the contributions the Eligible
        Participants (as defined below) had or may have made to the Group and to provide the Eligible Participants an
        opportunity to have a personal stake in the Company with the view to achieving the following objectives:

        (i)    motivate the Eligible Participants to optimise their performance efficiency for the benefit of the Group; and

        (ii)   attract and retain or otherwise maintain on-going business relationship with the Eligible Participants whose
               contributions are or will be beneficial to the long-term growth of the Group.


(ii)    Participants
        The participants (the “Eligible Participants”) of the 2024 Share Option Scheme include:

        (a)    the director(s) and employee(s) of the Company and/or of any of its subsidiaries (including persons who are
               granted options under the 2024 Share Option Scheme as an inducement to enter into employment contracts
               with these companies) (the “Employee Participants”);

        (b)    the director(s) and employee(s) of any of the holding companies, fellow subsidiaries or associated companies
               of the Company or its subsidiaries (the “Related Entity Participants”); and

        (c)    any person or entity which are independent third parties and provide services to the Group on an arm’s length
               basis and continuing or recurring basis in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group where the
               continuity and frequency of their services are akin to those employees of the Group and exclude (a) placing
               agents or financial advisers providing advisory services for fund-raising and merger and acquisition transaction
               and (b) professional service providers who are required to provide their services in accordance with professional
               standards with impartiality and objectivity (the “Service Provider Participants”). The Service Provider
               Participants may be categorised into (a) long-term service providers of the Group, which provide installation
               and logistics services to the Group and (b) professional consultants engaged by the Group on a regular basis
               for the support of the Group’s continuous developments of production knowhow and technology.


(iii)   Maximum number of shares available for issue
        The total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options and awards to be granted under the 2024
        Share Option Scheme and other share schemes of the Group must not in aggregate exceed 890,989,183 Shares,
        representing 10% of the total number of Shares in issue as of the date of adoption of the 2024 Share Option
        Scheme (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”). Options lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2024 Share Option
        Scheme will not be regarded as utilised for the purpose of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED        43
Report of the Directors


            Within the Scheme Mandate Limit, the total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options and
            awards to be granted to the Service Provider Participants under the 2024 Share Option Scheme and other share
            schemes of the Group must not in aggregate exceed 44,549,459 Shares, representing 0.5% of the total number
            of Shares in issue as of the date of adoption of the 2024 Share Option Scheme (the “Service Provider Sublimit”).
            Options lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2024 Share Option Scheme will not be regarded as utilised for
            the purpose of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit and the Service Provider Sublimit.

            The total number of Shares available for issue under the 2024 Share Option Scheme was 873,939,183, representing
            9.55% of the issued Shares (excluding treasury shares) as of the date of this annual report.


     (iv)   Maximum entitlements to each Eligible Participants
            Where any grant of options to an Eligible Participant would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect
            of all options granted to such person (excluding any options lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2024 Share
            Option Scheme) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant representing in aggregate over 1%
            of the Shares in issue, such grant must be separately approved by the Shareholders in general meeting with such
            Eligible Participant and his close associates (or associates if the Eligible Participant is a connected person) abstaining
            from voting.


     (v)    Option period
            In respect of any particular option, the option period’s to be determined and notified by the Board to the grantee at
            the time of making an offer which shall not expire later than 10 years from the date of grant.


     (vi)   Vesting period
            The vesting period in respect of any share option shall not be less than 12 months (or such other period as the
            Listing Rules may prescribe or permit from time to time). Share options granted to Employee Participants may be
            subject to a shorter vesting period as determined by (i) the Remuneration Committee if such Employee Participant is
            a Director or a senior manager (as defined under rule 17.01A of the Listing Rules) of the Company, or (ii) the Board
            if such Employee Participant is not a Director or a senior manager (as defined under rule 17.01A of the Listing Rules)
            of the Company.


     (vii) Acceptance and payment on acceptance
            An offer is deemed to be accepted when the Company receives from the grantee the offer letter signed by the
            grantee within 30 days from the date of grant specifying the number of Shares in respect of which the offer is
            accepted and a remittance to the Company of HK$1.0 as consideration for the grant of share option.




44   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(viii) Exercise price of share options granted
       The Subscription Price shall be determined by the Board in its absolute discretion but in any event shall not be less
       than the higher of (a) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheet issued by the Stock
       Exchange on the date of grant, which must be a Business Day; and (b) the average closing price of the Shares as
       stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five Business Days immediately preceding
       the date of grant.


(ix)   Remaining life of the 2024 Share Option Scheme
       The 2024 Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of ten years commenced on 31 May 2024.

For the FY2025, 17,050,000 share options were granted. The fair value of the equity-settled share options granted under
the 2024 Share Option Scheme during the FY2025 was estimated at HK$13,338,000. The fair value of the share options
granted to the Director and eligible employees of the Group were HK$293,000 and HK$13,045,000, respectively. The
value of the share options granted during the FY2025 is to be expensed through the Group’s income statement over the
three-year vesting period of the share options.

The fair value of share options granted by the Company during the FY2025 was determined in accordance with the
valuation performed by an independent valuer using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Such model is one of
the commonly used models to estimate the fair value of an option. The significant variables and assumptions used in
computing the fair value of the share options are set forth in the table below. The value of an option varies with different
variables of a number of subjective assumptions. Any change in the variables so adopted may materially affect the
estimation of the fair value of an option.

Share price at the grant date (HK$)                                                                                  3.12
Exercise price (HK$)                                                                                                 3.19
Volatility (%)                                                                                                      53.88
Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                   8.01
Expected share option life (years)                                                                                   3.51
Annual risk-free rate (%)                                                                                            2.94

During the FY2025, a total of 17,050,000 share options granted to a Director and employees of the Group (collectively,
the “Grantees”), among of which 5,683,333 share options, representing one third of the total share options granted,
vested on 31 December 2025. Having considered that (i) such share options vested where the performance target are
satisfied during the performance period commenced from 1 January 2025 and ended on 31 December 2025, which is
not less than 12 months, and (ii) the total vesting and holding period of the share options is more than 12 months, the
Remuneration Committee and the Board considered that the grant of such share options with a shorter vesting period
could align the interests of the Grantees with that of the Company and the Shareholders, reward and provide incentive to
the Grantees to work towards success of the Group, and reinforce their commitment to long-term services of the Group,
which is in line with the purpose of the 2024 Share Option Scheme.




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED     45
Report of the Directors


     The vesting of the share options granted to the Grantees is subject to satisfaction of certain performance targets as
     determined by the Board at its absolute discretion. Such performance targets include, but without limitation to, and
     where appropriate: (a) sales performance (e.g. revenue and profit); (b) operational performance (e.g. production yield
     and cost control and turnover rate); and (c) financial performance (e.g. profits, cash flow, earnings, market capitalisation
     and return on equity) of the Group as a whole and of the applicable business. Also, the Company has established a
     standard performance appraisal system to evaluate the performance and contribution of the Grantees, including but not
     limited to, the individual’s overall performance indicators (e.g. strategic driving abilities, talent development capabilities,
     inter-departmental cooperation capabilities and adherence to corporate culture) and discipline and responsibility (e.g.
     punctuality, integrity, honesty or compliance with internal procedures).

     The Board may in its absolute discretion determine that the share options granted may be subject to clawback in the
     event of, including but not limited to, a material misstatement in the Company’s financial statements, fraud or persistent
     and serious misconduct by the Grantee, performance targets that have been assessed or calculated inaccurately, and any
     criminal convictions that related to the Grantee’s integrity or honesty.

     The Company may (a) clawback all or a specified part of the share options granted as the Board may consider appropriate
     and/or (b) request the Grantees to return in whole or in part of the income and/or benefits generated from the exercised
     share options.

     Saved as disclosed above, the Company did not make any grant of share options to the Directors and/or senior managers
     as set forth in rules 17.03F, 17.06B(7) and 17.06B(8) of the Listing Rules during the FY2025.

     As of 31 December 2025, the number of share options available for grant under the 2024 Share Option Scheme was
     873,939,183 and the number of share options available for grant under the Service Provider Sublimit of the 2024 Share
     Option Scheme was 44,549,459.

     The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the options granted under the 2024 Share Option Scheme during
     the FY2025 divided by the weighted average number of the Shares in issue for the FY2025 is 0.19%.

     Further details of the 2014 Share Option Scheme and the 2024 Share Option Scheme are set forth in note 27 to the
     consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




46   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(b) Share Option Scheme of a subsidiary
    Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”), a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, adopted a share option
    scheme (the “XYE Share Option Scheme”) in November 2018. The following table sets forth movements in the share
    options of Xinyi Energy (“XYE Share Options”) for the FY2025:


                                                   Closing price
                                                    of the Xinyi
                                                 Energy’s shares
                                                   immediately
                                                     before the                                                            Number of XYE Share Options
                                  Exercise price     grant date    Vesting                                At
    Grantee            Grant date        (HK$)             (HK$)   period       Exercise period     1/1/2025    Granted       Exercised         Lapsed     Cancelled    At 31/12/2025

    Continuous contract 31/3/2021         3.78              3.81   31/3/2021-   1/4/2024-          1,930,468         —              —        (1,930,468)          —               —
     employees                                                     31/12/2023   31/3/2025
                        31/3/2022         4.76              4.86   31/3/2022-   1/4/2025-          2,247,208         —              —                —       (37,028)      2,210,180
                                                                   31/12/2024   31/3/2026
                         1/6/2023         2.26              2.26   1/6/2023-    1/4/2026-          3,518,000         —              —                —       (82,000)      3,436,000
                                                                   31/12/2025   31/3/2027
                        28/3/2024         1.12              1.09   28/3/2024-   1/4/2027-          3,106,000         —              —                —      (100,000)      3,006,000
                                                                   31/12/2026   31/3/2028
                        31/3/2025         0.97              0.96   31/3/2025-   1/4/2028-                 —    3,500,000            —                —       (29,000)      3,471,000
                                                                   31/12/2027   31/3/2029

                                                                                                  10,801,676   3,500,000            —        (1,930,468)    (248,028)     12,123,180


    During the FY2025, 3,500,000 XYE Share Options were granted. The fair value of the equity-settled share options under
    the XYE Share Option Scheme granted during the year was estimated at HK$892,000.

    The value of the XYE Share Options granted during the FY2025 is to be expensed through the income statement of Xinyi
    Energy over the three-year vesting period of XYE Share Options.




                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED                            47
Report of the Directors


     The fair value of XYE Share Options granted during the FY2025 was determined in accordance with the valuation
     performed by an independent valuer using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Such model is one of the commonly
     used models to estimate the fair value of an option. The significant variables and assumptions used in computing the fair
     value of the XYE Share Options are set forth in the table below. The value of an option varies with different variables of a
     number of subjective assumptions. Any change in the variables so adopted may materially affect the estimation of the fair
     value of an option.

     Share price at the grant date (HK$)                                                                                    0.95
     Exercise price (HK$)                                                                                                   0.97
     Volatility (%)                                                                                                        49.04
     Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                     5.26
     Expected share option life (years)                                                                                     3.50
     Annual risk-free rate (%)                                                                                              2.84

     The number of XYE share options available for grant under the XYE Share Option Scheme was 648,066,772 as of 1
     January 2025 and 648,158,214 as of 31 December 2025.

     The number of XYE Shares that may be issued in respect of the XYE Share Options granted under the XYE Share Option
     Scheme during the FY2025 divided by the weighted average number of the XYE Shares in issue for the FY2025 is 0.04%.

     During the FY2025, a total of 3,500,000 XYE Share Options granted to the senior management and the employees of
     XYE Group (the “XYE Grantees”), among of which 1,166,666 XYE Share Options, representing one third of the total
     XYE Share Options granted, vested on 31 December 2025. Having considered that (i) such XYE Share Options vested
     where the performance target are satisfied during the performance period commenced from 1 January 2025 and ended
     on 31 December 2025, which is not less than 12 months, and (ii) the total vesting and holding period of the XYE Share
     Options is more than 12 months, the remuneration committee of Xinyi Energy (the “XYE Remuneration Committee”)
     and the board of directors of Xinyi Energy (the “XYE Board”) consider that the grant of such XYE Share Options with a
     shorter vesting period could align the interests of the XYE Grantees with that of Xinyi Energy and the shareholders of Xinyi
     Energy, reward and provide incentive to the XYE Grantees to work towards success of the XYE Group, and reinforce their
     commitment to long-term services of the XYE Group, which is in line with the purpose of the XYE Share Option Scheme.

     The vesting of the XYE Share Options granted to the XYE Grantees is subject to satisfaction of certain performance targets
     as determined by the XYE Board at its absolute discretion. The XYE Board will assess the performance of the XYE Group
     for the relevant year, including in particular key performance indicators, such as revenue, profit and sales target of the XYE
     Group as a whole and of the applicable business. Also, the XYE Group has established a standard performance appraisal
     system for its employees to evaluate their performance and contribution to the XYE Group.




48   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
There is no clawback mechanism attached to the XYE Share Options granted to the XYE Grantees. The purpose of the XYE
Share Option Scheme is to recognise and acknowledge the contributions the grantees had or may have made to the XYE
Group. The XYE Share Option Scheme also provides the grantees with an opportunity to have a personal stake in Xinyi
Energy with the view to satisfied the objectives of (i) motivate the grantees to optimise their performance efficiency for the
benefit of the XYE Group and (ii) attract and retain or otherwise maintain on-going business relationship with the grantees
whose contributions are or will be beneficial to the long-term growth of the XYE Group. Having considered that (i) the
XYE Grantees are the senior management and the employees of the XYE Group who will contribute directly to the overall
business performance, sustainable development and/or good corporate governance of the XYE Group; (ii) the grant of XYE
Share Options to the XYE Grantees is a recognition for their past contributions to the XYE Group; and (iii) the XYE Share
Options are subject to the terms of the XYE Share Option Scheme which provides for circumstances under which the XYE
Share Options or any part thereof shall lapse in the event that the XYE Grantees cease to be a director and an employee of
the XYE Group or commit a breach of the rules of the XYE Share Option Scheme, the XYE Remuneration Committee and
the XYE Board consider that without additional clawback mechanism, the grant of the XYE Share Options could align the
interests of the XYE Grantees with that of Xinyi Energy and the shareholders of Xinyi Energy, reward and provide incentive
to the XYE Grantees to work towards successes of the XYE Group, and reinforce their commitment to long-term services
of the XYE Group, which is in line with the purpose of the XYE Share Option Scheme.

Saved as disclosed above, Xinyi Energy did not make any grant of XYE Share Options to the directors and/or senior
managers of Xinyi Energy as set forth in Rules 17.03F, 17.06B(7) and 17.06B(8) of the Listing Rules during the FY2025.

A summary of the principal terms of the XYE Share Option Scheme is as follows:


(i)   Purpose
      The purpose of the XYE Share Option Scheme is to enable Xinyi Energy to grant options to eligible participants
      (“XYE Participants”) as incentives or rewards for their contribution or potential contribution to the Xinyi Energy and
      its subsidiaries (the “XYE Group”) and to provide the XYE Participants an opportunity to have a personal stake in
      Xinyi Energy with the view to achieving the following objectives: (i) motivate the XYE Participants to optimise their
      performance efficiency for the benefit of XYE Group; (ii) attract and retain or otherwise maintain on-going business
      relationship with the XYE Participants whose contributions are or will be beneficial to the long-term growth of the
      XYE Group; and (iii) for such purposes as the XYE Board may approve from time to time.




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED       49
Report of the Directors


     (ii)    XYE Participants
             The XYE Participants includes: (i) any executive director of, manager of, or other employee holding an executive,
             managerial, supervisory or similar position in any member of the XYE Group (the “XYE Executive”), any full-time
             or part time employee, or a person for the time being seconded to work full-time or part time for any member of
             the XYE Group (the “XYE Employee”); (ii) a director or proposed director (including an independent non-executive
             director) of any member of the XYE Group; (iii) a direct or indirect shareholder of any member of the XYE Group;
             (iv) a supplier of goods or services to any member of the XYE Group; (v) a customer, consultant, business or joint
             venture partner, franchisee, contractor, agent or representative of any member of the XYE Group; (vi) a person or
             entity that provides design, research, development or other support or any advisory, consultancy, professional or
             other services to any member of the XYE Group; and (vii) an associate of any of the persons referred to in items (i) to
             (iii) above.


     (iii)   Maximum number of shares of Xinyi Energy
             The maximum number of shares of Xinyi Energy (the “XYE Shares”) which may be issued upon exercise of all XYE
             Share Options to be granted under the XYE Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of the XYE Group shall not
             in aggregate exceed 662,734,947 XYE Shares, representing 10% of the XYE Shares in issue as of the date of listing,
             excluding XYE Shares which may fall to be issued upon the exercise of the over-allotment option of Xinyi Energy in
             relation to its listing.

             The maximum number of XYE Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet
             to be exercised under the XYE Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of XYE Group shall not exceed 30%
             of XYE Shares in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under the XYE Share Option Scheme and any
             other share option scheme of Xinyi Energy if this will result in such limit being exceeded.

             The total number of securities available for issue under the XYE Share Option Scheme was 648,158,214,
             representing 7.61% of the issued share capital of Xinyi Energy as of the date of this annual report.


     (iv)    Maximum number of XYE Share Option to each XYE Participant
             Unless with the approval of the shareholders of Xinyi Energy in general meeting, the maximum number of XYE
             Shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise of the XYE Share Options granted under the XYE
             Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of Xinyi Energy (including both exercised and outstanding XYE Share
             Options) to each XYE Participant in any 12-month period up to the date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the XYE
             Shares in issue as of the date of grant.




50   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     (v)    XYE Share Option period
            The period during which the XYE Share Options may be exercised will be determined by the XYE Board in its
            absolute discretion, save that no XYE Share Option may be exercised more than 10 years after it has been granted.
            Save as determined by the XYE Board and provided in the offer of the grant of the relevant XYE Share Options,
            there is no minimum period for which the XYE Share Option must be held before it can be exercised.


     (vi)   Vesting period of the XYE Share Option
            Subject to the provisions of the Listing Rules, the XYE Board may in its absolute discretion when offering the grant
            of the XYE Share Option impose the time or period before the right to exercise the XYE Share Option in respect of
            all or any of the XYE Shares shall vest provided that such terms or conditions shall not be inconsistent with any other
            terms or conditions of the XYE Share Option Scheme.


     (vii) Acceptance and payment on acceptance
            An offer for the grant of the XYE Share Options must be accepted within thirty days inclusive of the day on which
            such offer was made. A consideration of HK$1.00 is required to be paid by the grantee of the XYE Share Option to
            Xinyi Energy upon acceptance of the offer.


     (viii) XYE Share Option price for subscription of XYE Shares
            The subscription price of the XYE Shares in respect of any particular XYE Share Options shall be the price determined
            by the XYE Board in its absolute discretion, but in any event shall not be less than the highest of: (a) the closing price
            of the XYE Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant; (b) the
            average closing price of the XYE Shares as stated in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the
            five business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (c) the nominal value of the XYE Shares.


     (ix)   Remaining life of the XYE Share Option Scheme
            The XYE Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of ten years commencing on 28 May 2019.

     Further details of the XYE Share Option Scheme are set forth in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in this
     annual report.


BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of the Directors and senior management are set forth on pages 20 to 23 of this annual report.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED        51
Report of the Directors


DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’ S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS

As of 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and the chief executive of the Company in the
Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)) which were required to be (a) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to
have under such provisions of the SFO); (b) entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO; or (c)
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:


(i)   Long position in the Shares
                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                    percentage
                                                                                                                         of the
                                                                                                                    Company’s
                                                                       Name of the controlled     Number of        issued share
      Name of Director              Capacity                           corporations               Shares held            capital

      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.       Interest in a controlled           Realbest                  901,291,508            9.853%
                                       corporation(1)                    (as defined below)
                                    Interest in a controlled           Xin Yuen                   12,257,538            0.134%
                                       corporation (2)
                                                                         (as defined below)
                                    Interest in persons                                         1,540,991,311         16.846%
                                       acting in concert(3)

      Tan Sri Datuk                 Interest in a controlled           Copark                    230,990,954            2.525%
        TUNG Ching Sai J.P.            corporation (4)
                                                                         (as defined below)
                                    Family interest(4)                                            39,685,997            0.433%
                                    Interest in persons                                         2,183,863,406         23.875%
                                       acting in concert         (3)



      Mr. LI Man Yin                Interest in a controlled           Perfect All                94,145,584            1.029%
                                       corporation (5)
                                                                         (as defined below)
                                    Personal interest      (5)
                                                                                                    3,942,784           0.043%
                                    Family interest  (5)
                                                                                                    1,623,254           0.017%
                                    Interest in persons                                         2,354,828,735         25.744%
                                       acting in concert(3)

      Mr. LEE Yau Ching             Interest in a controlled           Telerich                  312,338,945            3.414%
                                       corporation(6)                    (as defined below)

      Mr. CHU Charn Fai             Personal interest                                                 416,000           0.004%



52    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
    Notes:

    (1)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is the beneficial owner of the entire issued share capital of Realbest Investment Limited (“Realbest”) which
             in turn is the registered owner of 901,291,508 Shares.

    (2)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.’s interests in 12,257,538 Shares are held through Xin Yuen Investment Limited (“Xin Yuen”) which was
             wholly-owned by Xin Wong Investment Limited (“Xin Wong”). Xin Wong is 50% owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. and 50%
             owned by his spouse, Madam TUNG Hai Chi.

    (3)      Pursuant to an agreement dated 31 May 2013 and entered into by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M ,
             Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P., Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, and
             Mr. LI Ching Leung, the parties have agreed to grant a right of first offer to the other parties to the agreement if they want to sell
             their Shares allotted to them under a conditional distribution in specie, by way of special interim dividend declared on 19 November
             2013.

    (4)      Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is the beneficial owner of the entire issued share capital of Copark Investment Limited (“Copark”)
             which is the registered owner of 230,990,954 Shares. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. also has 39,685,997 Shares through his
             spouse, Puan Sri Datin SZE Tan Hung.

    (5)      Mr. LI Man Yin is the beneficial owner of the entire issued share capital of Perfect All Investments Limited (“Perfect All”) which
             is the registered owner of 94,145,584 Shares. Mr. LI Man Yin also has 3,942,784 Shares in his own name and 1,623,254 Shares
             through his spouse, Madam LI Sau Suet.

    (6)      Mr. LEE Yau Ching is one of the two directors of Telerich Investment Limited (“Telerich”), a company incorporated in the British
             Virgin Islands (“BVI”) with limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. LEE Sing Din, the father of Mr. LEE Yau Ching. Telerich is the
             registered owner of 312,338,945 Shares.


(ii) Share options of the Company
                                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                                               percentage of
                                                                                                              Number of the Company’s
                                                                                                           share options          issued share
    Name of Director                                           Capacity                                     outstanding                 capital

    Mr. CHU Charn Fai                                          Personal interest                                1,503,000              0.016%




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED              53
Report of the Directors


(iii) Long positions in an associated corporation
     The following table sets forth the interests of the Directors in Xinyi Energy, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
     Company, as of 31 December 2025:

                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                                  percentage
                                                                                                 Number of            of Xinyi
                                                                Name of the controlled                  XYE    Energy’s issued
     Name of Director           Capacity                        corporations                     Shares held     share capital

     Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.    Interest in a controlled        Charm Dazzle (as defined        509,748,913           5.983%
                                   corporation   (1)
                                                                  below)
                                Interest in a controlled        Realbest                         92,276,904           1.083%
                                   corporation   (1)


                                Interest in a controlled        Full Guang (as defined            8,466,198           0.099%
                                   corporation   (2)
                                                                  below)
                                Joint interest(1)
                                                                                                  3,881,382           0.045%
                                Family interest     (1)
                                                                                                  4,827,875           0.056%
                                Interest in persons                                            1,003,293,307         11.776%
                                   acting in concert(3)

     Tan Sri Datuk TUNG         Interest in a controlled        Sharp Elite (as defined         202,854,207           2.381%
       Ching Sai J.P.              corporation(4)                 below)
                                Interest in a controlled        Copark                           32,211,604           0.378%
                                   corporation   (4)


                                Family interest(4)                                               15,719,319           0.184%
                                Interest in persons                                            1,371,709,449         16.100%
                                   acting in concert(3)

     Mr. LI Man Yin             Interest in a controlled        Will Sail (as defined below)     47,557,842           0.558%
                                   corporation(5)
                                Interest in a controlled        Perfect All                       9,657,353           0.113%
                                   corporation   (5)


                                Personal interest(5)                                                394,278           0.004%
                                Family interest(5)                                                  162,325           0.001%
                                Interest in persons                                            1,564,722,781         18.365%
                                   acting in concert      (3)




54   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
     Notes:

     (1)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is the beneficial owner of the entire issued share capital of Realbest and Charm Dazzle Limited (“Charm
              Dazzle”) which in turn are the registered owner of 92,276,904 and 509,748,913 XYE Shares respectively. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.
              also has 3,881,382 XYE Shares jointly held with and 4,827,875 XYE Shares held by his spouse, Madam TUNG Hai Chi.

     (2)      The interest in the XYE Shares are held through Full Guang Holdings Limited (“Full Guang”). Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin
              Yee, S.B.S. as to 33.98%, Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M as to 16.21%, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. as to 16.21%, Mr.
              LEE Sing Din (father of Mr. LEE Yau Ching) as to 11.85%, Mr. LI Ching Wai as to 5.56%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%, Mr. LI
              Man Yin as to 3.70%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to 3.70%.

     (3)      Pursuant to an agreement dated 22 November 2018 and entered into by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor
              D.C.S.M , Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. , Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. NG Ngan Ho,

              and Mr. LI Ching Leung, the parties have agreed to grant a right of first offer to the other parties to the agreement if they want to
              dispose of their XYE Shares allotted to them under a conditional distribution in specie received at the time of listing of Xinyi Energy.

     (4)      Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is the beneficial owner of the entire issued share capital of Copark and Sharp Elite Holdings
              Limited (“Sharp Elite”) which are the registered owner of 32,211,604 and 202,854,207 XYE Shares respectively. Tan Sri Datuk
              TUNG Ching Sai J.P. also has 15,719,319 XYE Shares through his spouse, Puan Sri Datin SZE Tan Hung.

     (5)      Mr. LI Man Yin is the beneficial owner of the entire issued share capital of Will Sail Limited (“Will Sail”) and Perfect All which are
              the registered owner of 47,557,842 and 9,567,353 XYE Shares respectively. Mr. LI Man Yin also has 394,278 XYE Shares in his
              own name and 162,325 XYE Shares through his spouse, Madam LI Sau Suet.

Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2025, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive
of the Company had or was deemed under the SFO to have any interests or short positions in any of the Shares underlying
Share and debentures of the Company and any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
was required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
(including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b)
pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (c) to be notified to the Company and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED               55
Report of the Directors


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITION IN THE SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As of 31 December 2025, the following persons, (other than a Director or chief executive of the Company) had, or were deemed
to have interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under
the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Company under section 336 of the SFO, were as follows:


                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                   percentage
                                                                                                                        of the
                                                                                                   Number of Company’s issued
Name of substantial Shareholders           Nature of interest and capacity              (L/S)*     Shares held    share capital

Xinyi Group (Glass) Company Limited        Beneficial owner                             (L)      2,133,496,152        23.324%

Xinyi Glass (BVI) Limited                  Interest in a controlled corporation         (L)      2,133,496,152        23.324%
     (formerly known as Xinyi Automobile
     Glass (BVI) Company Limited)

Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited               Beneficial owner                             (L)        45,268,677          0.494%
                                           Interest in a controlled corporation         (L)      2,133,496,152        23.324%

Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M          Interest in a controlled corporation(1)      (L)       326,343,145          3.567%
                                           Joint interest
                                                        (1)
                                                                                        (L)        20,952,105          0.229%
                                           Interest in persons acting in concert  (2)
                                                                                        (L)      2,107,245,107        23.037%

Mr. LEE Sing Din                           Interest in a controlled corporation(3)      (L)       312,338,945          3.414%
                                           Personal interest  (3)
                                                                                        (L)         2,482,872          0.027%
                                           Joint interest
                                                        (3)
                                                                                        (L)        40,788,066          0.445%
                                           Interest in persons acting in concert(2)     (L)      2,098,930,474        22.946%

Mr. LI Ching Wai                           Interest in a controlled corporation(4)      (L)       138,336,153          1.512%
                                           Personal interest                            (L)         3,430,000          0.037%
                                           Interest in persons acting in concert(2)     (L)      2,312,774,204        25.284%

Mr. SZE Nang Sze                           Interest in a controlled corporation(5)      (L)       129,253,975          1.413%
                                           Personal interest                            (L)         3,739,282          0.040%
                                           Interest in persons acting in concert(2)     (L)      2,321,547,100        25.380%

Mr. NG Ngan Ho                             Interest in a controlled corporation(6)      (L)        92,232,465          1.008%
                                           Personal interest                            (L)         2,527,239          0.027%
                                           Interest in persons acting in concert(2)     (L)      2,359,780,653        25.798%




56      XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                                                                                                       percentage
                                                                                                                                              of the
                                                                                                               Number of Company’s issued
Name of substantial Shareholders                 Nature of interest and capacity                (L/S)*        Shares held             share capital

Mr. LI Ching Leung                               Interest in a controlled corporation(7)        (L)            89,616,113                   0.979%
                                                 Personal interest      (7)
                                                                                                (L)              8,085,886                  0.088%
                                                 Family interest  (7)
                                                                                                (L)                476,492                  0.005%
                                                 Interest in persons acting in concert(2)       (L)        2,356,361,866                   25.760%

JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMC”)                    Beneficial owner                               (L)           156,334,302
                                                 Investment manager                             (L)           352,508,129
                                                 Person having a security interest              (L)                423,585
                                                    in shares
                                                 Approved lending agent                         (L)           120,428,390

                                                 Sub-total                                                  629,694,406(8)                  6.884%

                                                 Beneficial owner                               (S)           150,955,566
                                                 Investment manager                             (S)                 64,967

                                                 Sub-total                                                  151,020,533(9)                  1.651%


*        (L) represents Long Position, (S) represents Short Position.

Notes:

(1)      Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M ’s interests in the Shares are held through High Park Technology Limited, a company incorporated
         in the BVI with limited liability and wholly-owned by Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M . Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M also has
         20,952,105 Shares held through a joint account with his spouse, Datin Wira KUNG Sau Wai.

(2)      Pursuant to an agreement dated 31 May 2013 and entered into by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M , Tan Sri
         Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. , Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, and Mr. LI Ching
         Leung, the parties have agreed to grant a right of first offer to the other parties to the agreement if they want to sell their Shares allotted
         to them under a conditional distribution in specie, by way of special interim dividend declared on 19 November 2013.

(3)      Mr. LEE Sing Din’s interests in the Shares are held through Telerich, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability and wholly-
         owned by Mr. LEE Sing Din. Mr. LEE Sing Din also has 2,482,872 Shares held in his own name and 40,788,066 Shares held through a
         joint account with his spouse, Madam LI Kam Ha.

(4)      Mr. LI Ching Wai’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldbo International Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
         liability and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai.

(5)      Mr. SZE Nang Sze’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldpine Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability and
         wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED               57
Report of the Directors


(6)   Mr. NG Ngan Ho’s interests in the Shares are held through Linkall Investment Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
      liability and wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

(7)   Mr. LI Ching Leung’s interests in the Shares are held through Herosmart Holdings Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
      liability and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung. Mr. LI Ching Leung also has 8,085,886 Shares held in his own name and 476,492
      Shares held through his spouse, Madam DY Maria Lumin.

(8)   It included an aggregate interest in 111,404,187 underlying Shares through JPMC’s holding of certain unlisted derivatives (physically
      settled: 5,864,126 Shares; cash settled: 105,540,061 Shares).

(9)   It included an aggregate interest in 15,598,841 underlying Shares through JPMC’s holding of certain listed derivatives (cash settled:
      42,000 Shares) and unlisted derivatives (physically settled: 11,728,252 Shares; cash settled: 3,828,589 Shares).

Saved as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2025, the Directors were not aware of any other person having an interests or
short position in the Shares and the underlying Shares as notified to the Company pursuant to Division 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.


DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

As of 31 December 2025, none of the Directors and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or the controlling
shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company had any interest in a business, which competes or may compete
with the business of the Group.


DEED OF NON-COMPETITION

The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the compliance and the enforcement of the deed of non-competition
dated 19 November 2013 entered by the Covenantors (as defined therein) in favour of the Company and have not noticed any
material non-compliance of such deed by the Convenantors.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

During the FY2025, appropriate insurance covering for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities arising out of activities
of the Group has been arranged by the Company. As of the date of this annual report, such insurance covering remained
effective.


ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES (INCLUDING SALE OF TREASURY
SHARES)

At no time during the year was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to
acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares (including sale of treasury shares) in, or debentures of, the Company or
any other body corporate and neither the Directors or the chief executive, nor any of their spouses or children under the age of
18, had any right to subscribe for the securities of the Company, or had exercised any such right.




58    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The percentages of sales and purchases for the year attributable to the Group’s major customers and suppliers are as follows:

Sales
  – the largest customer                                           12.1%
  – five largest customers in aggregate                            44.2%

Purchases
  – the largest supplier                                            9.8%
  – five largest suppliers in aggregate                            27.5%


None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholder of the Company which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
owned more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital, had any interest in the share capital of the Group’s five largest
customers and five largest suppliers.


BORROWINGS

The total borrowings of the Group as of 31 December 2025 amounted to RMB12,168.3 million (2024: RMB11,640.1 million).
Particulars of the borrowings are set forth in note 30 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


REWARD FOR EMPLOYEES

As of 31 December 2025, the Group had about 7,712 full-time employees with 6,306 based in Mainland China and 1,406 in
other territories. Remuneration packages offered to the Group’s employees are consistent with the prevailing market terms and
reviewed on a regular basis. Discretionary bonuses may be rewarded to employees taking into consideration of the Group’s
performance and the performance of the individual employee. The Directors confirm that the Group maintains good working
relationship with its employees and provides training when necessary to keep its employees informed of the latest information
on developments of its products and production processes.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Details of the related party transaction of the Group for the FY2025 are set forth in note 37 to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report. The related party transactions fall under the definition of connected transactions and continuing
connected transactions under the Listing Rules (as disclosed below) have complied with the requirements under Chapter 14A of
the Listing Rules. Some of these transactions also constitute “connected transaction” and “non-exempt continuing connected
transactions” under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, as identified below. Save for the aforementioned, other related party
transactions as set out in note 37 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report were entitled to full exemption
from the annual review and disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED      59
Report of the Directors


Connected transactions
Change in ownership interests in subsidiaries without loss of control
During the FY2025, the Group completed the disposals of the below solar farm projects to Xinyi Energy. The disposals were
effected pursuant to (i) the solar farm agreement dated 5 December 2018 entered into between the Company and Xinyi Energy
and (ii) the sales and purchase agreement dated 28 February 2024 together with the related supplemental agreement entered
into between the members of Xinyi Solar (other than the XYE Group) and the members of XYE Group and in accordance with
the business delineation between the Company as a solar farm developer and Xinyi Energy as a solar farm operator.


                                                                       % of equity interest held                            Approved
                                                                                     Immediately               Cash grid-connected
                                                                            Before           after    consideration          capacity
Date of disposal          Company                                         disposal        disposal    (RMB million)             (MW)

March 2025                Wuhu Xintu Renewable Energy Limited                100%         51.62%                14.8               30
December 2025             Xinjie Solar (Wuhu) Limited (Note)                 100%         50.75%                29.8              100
December 2025             Xinyun Renewable Energy (Yunfu) Limited            100%         50.75%                35.5              100

Note: Xinjie Solar (Wuhu) Limited holds a 100% equity interest in Kaiping City Ruide Renewable Energy Limited, which owns and operates a
      solar farm with an approved grid-connected capacity of 100 MW, located in Kaiping County, Guangdong Province, PRC.


Xinyi Energy is a connected subsidiary of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.16 of the Listing Rules. The above disposals
constitute connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For further details, please refer to the
Company’s announcement dated 28 February 2024.


Acquisition of a wind farm project
On 23 December 2025, Xinyi Solar (Fanchang) Company Limited (信義光能(繁昌)有限公司) (“Xinyi Energy (Fanchang)”), a
non-wholly owned subsidiary of Xinyi Solar and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Xinyi Energy, as the purchaser, entered into the
equity transfer agreement with Anhui Xinyi Power Source Company Limited (安徽信義電源有限公司) (“XES Anhui Power”), a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage, and Xinyi Energy Smart (Wuhu) Company Limited (信義節能玻璃(蕪湖)有限
公司) (“XYG (Wuhu)”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Xinyi Glass, as the vendors, in relation to the acquisition of equity interest
of Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai) Company Limited (金寨信義風能有限公司) (“Jinzhai Wind Power”) owned by XES Anhui Power
and XYG (Wuhu) to Xinyi Energy (Fanchang) at a total consideration of RMB62.0 million. Jinzhai Wind Power is an owner and
operator of a wind farm situated at Jinzhai City, Anhui Province with the approved power generating capacity of 64MW.

XYG (Wuhu) and XES Anhui Power are connected persons at issuer level of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.07 of the Listing
Rules and the acquisition of equity interest of Jinzhai Wind Power constitutes a connected transaction of the Company under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For further details, please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 23 December 2025
and 16 January 2026.




60    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Continuing connected transactions during the reporting period
During the FY2025, the Group had the following non-exempt continuing connected transactions, details of which are set forth
below:


1)   Purchase of machineries

     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 30 December 2024, the Group entered into a production equipment
     purchase agreement (the “2025 Production Equipment Purchase Agreement”) dated 30 December 2024 with Anhui
     Xinyi Intelligent Machinery Company Limited (“Anhui Xinyi Machinery”) in relation to the purchase of the production
     equipment and auxiliary facilities from Anhui Xinyi Machinery by the Group for the FY2025. The purpose of entering into
     the 2025 Production Equipment Purchase Agreement was to enable the Group to continue to purchase from Anhui Xinyi
     Machinery the required automation equipment for production purpose.

     The annual cap and the actual transaction amounts of the transactions contemplated under the 2025 Production
     Equipment Purchase Agreement for the FY2025 are RMB168,800,000 and RMB1,186,000, respectively.

     Anhui Xinyi Machinery is a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the substantial shareholder of the Company, Xinyi Glass, and
     is therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the 2025 Production Equipment
     Purchase Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules.


2)   Solar Farm O&M Agreement

     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 31 December 2024, the Company entered into a memorandum
     (the “Second Renewal Memorandum”) dated 31 December 2024 with Xinyi Energy, Xinyi Energy and its subsidiaries
     (collectively the “Xinyi Energy Group”) to renew the solar farm operation and management agreement (the “O&M
     Agreement”) for the three years ending 31 December 2027. Pursuant to the O&M Agreement and the Second
     Renewal Memorandum, Xinyi Energy Group has agreed to provide solar farm operation and management services to
     the connection-ready solar farm projects developed or constructed by the Group but excluding Xinyi Energy Group (the
     “Remaining Group”). The purpose of entering into the O&M Agreement and the Second Renewal Memorandum is to
     facilitate clear business delineation between Xinyi Energy Group and the Remaining Group.

     The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under the O&M Agreement and the
     Second Renewal Memorandum for the FY2025 are RMB15,000,000 and RMB8,930,000, respectively.

     Xinyi Energy is a connected subsidiary of the Company pursuant to Rule 14A.16 of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the solar
     farm operation and management services provided by XYE Group constitute continuing connected transactions for the
     Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED     61
Report of the Directors


3)    Rechargeable Battery Packs and Energy Storage Systems
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 31 October 2023, the Group entered into a product sales framework
      agreement (“Energy Storage System Agreement”) dated 31 October 2023 with Xinyi Electric Storage Holdings Limited
      (“Xinyi Electric Storage”) in relation to the purchase of the rechargeable battery packs and energy storage systems from
      Xinyi Electric Storage by the Group for the three years ending 31 December 2026. The purpose of entering into the Energy
      Storage System Agreement is to enable the Group to have in-time supply of the electric products and systems from Xinyi
      Electric Storage upon such acceptable terms and conditions and assurance on product specifications and quality.

      The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under the Energy Storage System
      Agreement for the FY2025 are RMB110,800,000 and RMB752,000, respectively.

      As various Directors of the Company, namely Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. and Mr. LI Man
      Yin and their associates are interested in more than 30% in aggregate of the issued share capital of Xinyi Electric Storage,
      Xinyi Electric Storage is a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the Energy Storage
      System Agreement constitutes a continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing
      Rules.


4)    Marine Transportation
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 17 December 2024, the Company entered into a marine
      transportation agreement (the “Marine Transportation Agreement”) dated 17 December 2024 with Hong Kong Xinyi
      Shipping Company Limited (“Xinyi Shipping”) in relation to the provision of marine transportation services by Xinyi
      Shipping to the Group commenced on 17 December 2024 and ending on 31 December 2026. The purpose of entering
      into the Marine Transportation Agreement could enable the Group to secure more cargo space and select the most
      cost-efficient way of shipment of raw materials, consumables and equipment from suppliers and between the Group’s
      production facilities, and the shipment of solar glass products to target markets.

      The annual cap and the actual transaction amounts of the transactions contemplated under the Marine Transportation
      Agreement for the FY2025 are US$21,600,000 and US$3,897,000, respectively.

      Xinyi Shipping is a wholly owned subsidiary of the substantial shareholder of the Company, Xinyi Glass, and is therefore a
      connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the Marine Transportation Agreement constitutes
      continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The Directors confirm that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.

All independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and
confirmed that the transactions have been entered into: (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) either
on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favourable to the Group than terms available to or from independent third
parties; and (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
interests of the shareholders of the Company as a whole.




62    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing
connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised)
“Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants.

The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected
transactions to the Board in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules and confirming there is nothing has come to their
attention that causes them to believe that the continuing connected transactions: (i) have not been approved by the Board; (ii)
were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group; (iii) were not entered into, in all material
respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing the transactions; and (iv) have exceeded the annual cap as set
by the Company.


Continuing connected transactions after the reporting period
The Group had the following non-exempt continuing connected transactions after the reporting period, details of which are set
forth below:

1)   Purchase of machineries
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 24 December 2025, the Group entered into a production equipment
      purchase agreement (the “2026 Production Equipment Purchase Agreement”) dated 24 December 2025 with Anhui
      Xinyi Machinery in relation to the purchase of the production equipment and auxiliary facilities from Anhui Xinyi Machinery
      by the Group for the year ending 31 December 2026. The purpose of entering into the 2026 Production Equipment
      Purchase Agreement was to enable the Group to purchase from Anhui Xinyi Machinery the required automation
      equipment for production purpose. The annual cap of the transactions contemplated under the 2026 Production
      Equipment Purchase Agreement for the year ending 31 December 2026 is RMB107,300,000.

      Anhui Xinyi Machinery is a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the substantial shareholder of the Company, Xinyi Glass
      Holdings Limited, and is therefore a connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the 2026
      Production Equipment Purchase Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under
      Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED        63
Report of the Directors


2)    Sales of Electricity
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 24 December 2025, Xinyi Solar (Hong Kong) Limited (“Xinyi Solar
      (Hong Kong)”) entered into an agreement (the “Electricity Framework Agreement”) dated 24 December 2025 with
      Xinyi Group (Glass) Company Limited (“Xinyi Glass (Hong Kong)”) in relation to the sales of electricity by the Group to
      the Xinyi Glass Group for the year ending 31 December 2026. The purpose of entering into the Electricity Framework
      Agreement was to enable the Group to realise its investment in the rooftop solar power generation systems by selling
      part of the electricity so that the overall utilisation of the systems could be increased. The annual cap of the transactions
      contemplated under the Electricity Framework Agreement for the year ending 31 December 2026 is RMB35,400,000.

      Xinyi Glass (Hong Kong) is a substantial shareholder of the Company, and is therefore a connected person of the Company
      under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the Electricity Framework Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions
      for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

The Directors confirmed that the Company has complied with the applicable code provisions as contained in the CG Code set
forth in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules for the FY2025.

Please refer to section headed “Corporate Governance Report” set forth in pages 24 to 36 this annual report for details of the
compliance with the Corporate Governance Code.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has established an audit committee, comprising three independent non-executive Directors, with written terms
of reference in compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules. The primary duties of the audit committee are to review
and supervise the financial reporting process and internal control system of the Group and to provide comments and give advice
to the Board. The audit committee has reviewed the audited financial statements of the Company and audited consolidated
financial statements of the Group for the FY2025.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SHARES

During the FY2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
listed securities (including sale of treasury shares).


SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

No significant events have taken place subsequent to 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report.




64    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as of the date of
this annual report, the Company has complied with the ongoing public float threshold, representing at least 25% of the ordinary
Shares held by the public as required under the Listing Rules. As of the date of this annual report, 49.3% of the ordinary Shares
are held by the public.

The capital of the Group comprises only ordinary Shares.

The table below sets forth the Share ownership composition as of the date of this annual report:

                                                                                                                  Number of
                                                                                                                     ordinary
                                                                                                                        Shares                     %



Controlling Shareholders (1)                                                                                  4,633,305,186                     50.7
Public Shareholders                                                                                           4,513,738,429                     49.3

Total                                                                                                         9,147,043,615                    100.0


Note:

(1)     Pursuant to an agreement entered into among Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M , Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai
        J.P. , Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze and Mr. LI Ching Leung dated 31 May 2013,

        the parties agreed to grant a right of first offer to the other parties to the agreement if they want to sell their Shares. Each of Dr. LEE Yin
        Yee, S.B.S., Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M , Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. , Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. NG Ngan Ho,
        Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze and Mr. LI Ching Leung and their respective controlled corporations (as such term is defined under the
        Listing Rules), as well as Xinyi Group (Glass) Company Limited, Xinyi Glass (BVI) Limited and Xinyi Glass, are the controlling shareholders (the
        “Controlling Shareholders”). As of the date of this annual report, the Controlling Shareholders held 4,633,305,186 Shares, representing
        50.7% of the total number of the Shares in issue.


AUDITOR

PricewaterhouseCoopers has retired as the auditor of the Company effective from the conclusion of the annual general meeting
of the Company held on 30 May 2025. Ernst & Young (“EY”) has been appointed as the auditor of the Company following the
retirement of PricewaterhouseCoopers effective from the 30 May 2025 and to hold office until the conclusion of the AGM.

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the FY2025 has been audited by EY who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointment. A resolution will be proposed at the AGM to re-appoint EY and authorise the Directors to fix
their remuneration.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED               65
Report of the Directors


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The AGM will be held on Friday, 29 May 2026, at 21/F, Rykadan Capital Tower, No. 135 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon,
Hong Kong, at 10:15 a.m. The notice convening the AGM will be published on the website of the Stock Exchange at
www.hkexnews.hk and on the website of the Company at www.xinyisolar.com, and will be dispatched to the Shareholders in
due course.

The register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 26 May 2026 to Friday, 29 May 2026, both days
inclusive, during which period no transfer of the Shares will be registered. The record date for entitlement to attend and vote
at the AGM is Friday, 29 May 2026. In order to determine the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, all share transfer
documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong
Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 22 May 2026.

The register of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 4 June 2026 to Monday, 8 June 2026, both days
inclusive, during which period, no transfer of the Shares will be registered. The record date for entitlement to the proposed final
dividend is Monday, 8 June 2026. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfer documents accompanied by the
relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong
Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for
registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 3 June 2026.



On Behalf of the Board




Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.
Chairman

Hong Kong, 27 February 2026




66    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report


                         Ernst & Young
                         27/F, One Taikoo Place               安永會計師事務所                        Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                         979 King’s Road                      香港鰂魚涌英皇道 979 號                  Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                         Quarry Bay, Hong Kong                太古坊一座27樓                        ey.com


To the shareholders of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(the “Group”) set out on pages 73 to 205, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December
2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated
statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics
for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance
of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the
basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED       67
Independent Auditor’s Report


Key audit matter                                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Provision of loss allowance of trade receivables
As at 31 December 2025, the Group had trade receivables            Our procedures in relation to the provision of loss allowances
of RMB7,916.5 million against which provisions for expected        of trade receivables included the following:
credit losses of RMB79.8 million are made.
                                                                   •     we obtained an understanding of management’s
The Group measures the loss allowance for its trade                      assessment process of expected credit loss of trade
receivables at an amount equal to the lifetime expected credit           receivables;
losses. Expected credit losses are estimated by grouping the
                                                                   •     we assessed the appropriateness of the methodology
receivables based on the shared credit risk characteristics
                                                                         in determining the expected credit losses of trade
and collectively assessed for the likelihood of recovery and
                                                                         receivables. We also considered whether the judgements
applying expected credit loss rates to the respective gross
                                                                         and significant assumptions used by management would
carrying amounts of the receivables. The expected credit loss
                                                                         give rise to indicators of possible management bias;
rates are determined based on the historical credit losses
experience and are adjusted to reflect current and forward-        •     we involved our internal specialists to assist us in
looking information on economic indicators, scenarios and                evaluating the calculation of expected credit losses
the underlying probability weightings. For trade receivables             prepared by the Group’s management, including
with significant increases in credit risk, they are assessed for         forward looking adjustment and estimated loss rates;
impairment allowance individually.
                                                                   •     we tested, on sample basis, the accuracy and
The provision of loss allowance of trade receivables is                  completeness of the data being used in and checked the
identified as a key audit mater because of the trade                     mathematical accuracy of the calculation of expected
receivables balance is significant to the Group and significant          credit losses prepared by management; and
judgement and estimations are applied in assessing the
                                                                   •     we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures of
allowance for expected credit losses.
                                                                         provision of loss allowances of trade receivables in the
The related disclosures about the provision of loss allowance            consolidated financial statements.
of trade receivables are included in Note 3.1(b), Note 4 and
Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.




68   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Key Audit Matter                                                    How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Impairment of property, plant and equipment relating to solar glass production lines and polysilicon factory
facilities
As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of property,           Our procedures in relation to the impairment of property,
plant and equipment of Group’s solar glass production lines         plant and equipment related to solar glass production lines
and polysilicon factory facilities amounted of RMB13,889.0          and polysilicon factory facilities included the following:
million and RMB2,531.3 million, respectively, against which
                                                                    •     we obtained the understanding of management’s
impairment losses of RMB724.7 million and RMB1,596.8
                                                                          process of impairment assessment of property, plant and
million were made during the year, respectively.
                                                                          equipment;
As at 31 December 2025, the Group reviewed the solar glass
                                                                    •     we evaluated the Group’s assessment as to whether any
production lines and polysilicon factory facilities whether
                                                                          impairment indications exists in respect of the property,
there were any indicators of impairment. When indicators
                                                                          plant and equipment related to solar glass production
of impairment were identified, management assessed the
                                                                          lines and polysilicon factory facilities;
recoverable amounts of the solar glass production lines
and polysilicon factory facilities. Impairment losses were          •     we assessed the reasonableness of the management’s
recognised as an expense in the profit or loss if the carrying            quotes from independent third parties or historical selling
amounts of the solar glass production lines and polysilicon               prices of comparable assets for solar glass production
factory facilities exceed their recoverable amounts.                      lines;

The recoverable amounts of solar glass production lines and         •     we assessed the reasonableness of the management’s
polysilicon factory facilities were measured at the higher of             key assumptions such as revenue growth rates, pre-
the fair value less costs of disposal and value in use, which are         tax discounted rate applied by management for the
prepared by the Group’s management.                                       preparation of projected cash flows associate with the
                                                                          polysilicon factory facilities;
The calculation of the recoverable amounts of the solar
glass production lines was measured at fair value less costs        •     we involved our internal specialists to assist us in
of disposal as reference to the estimated selling price using             evaluating the reasonableness of the discount rates
quotes from independent third parties or historical sales prices          applied by management and benchmarked the discount
of comparable assets. The estimations of fair value could be              rates applied to other comparable companies in the
highly subjective, and based on the assessment result, an                 same industry, where applicable;
impairment loss of RMB724.7 million had been recognised by
                                                                    •     we evaluated the sensitivity of management’s estimates
the Group during the year on the solar glass production lines.
                                                                          and assumptions used in evaluating whether a
                                                                          reasonably possible change in the key assumptions could
                                                                          cause the carrying amounts to exceed their recoverable
                                                                          amounts; and

                                                                    •     we assessed the adequacy of the disclosures of
                                                                          impairment of property, plant and equipment in the
                                                                          consolidated financial statements.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED       69
Independent Auditor’s Report


Key Audit Matter                                                  How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Impairment of property, plant and equipment relating to solar glass production lines and polysilicon factory
facilities (continued)
The calculation of the recoverable amount of polysilicon
factory facilities was measured at value-in-use which are
based on projected cash flows associated with the polysilicon
factory facilities discounted using pre-tax discount rate.
The preparation of discounted cash flow forecasts could
be highly subjective and required the exercise of significant
management judgement and estimation, in particular in
determining forecasted revenue growth rates and pre-
tax discount rates, and based on the assessment result, an
impairment loss of RMB1,596.8 million had been recognised
by the Group during the year on the polysilicon factory
facilities.

The impairment of property, plant and equipment relating to
solar glass production lines and polysilicon factory facilities
is identified as a key audit matter because the carrying
amounts of these assets are significant to the consolidated
financial statements and significant management judgement
and estimations are applied in determining the recoverable
amounts.

The related disclosures about the impairment of property,
plant and equipment are included in Note 4, Note 17 and
Note 39 to the consolidated financial statements.


OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.




70    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our report
is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any
other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
      error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
      higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
      or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
      in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED      71
Independent Auditor’s Report


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
      on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
      to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
      disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
      date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
      concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
      achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
      entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
      are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We
      remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lam Wai Ming, Ada (practising certificate
number: P04699).




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong


27 February 2026




72    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                       Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                   Note           RMB’000            RMB’000

Revenue                                                                              5          20,861,164        21,921,447
Cost of sales                                                                        7         (16,400,140)      (18,055,449)

Gross profit                                                                                     4,461,024         3,865,998
Other income                                                                         5             314,294           273,880
Other gains/(losses) – net                                                           6             131,694           (258,434)
Selling and marketing expenses                                                       7            (111,683)          (126,963)
Administrative and other operating expenses                                          7            (998,980)        (1,019,345)
Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment                                  17          (2,321,565)          (392,858)
Net impairment losses on financial and contract assets                            3.1(b)           (15,954)           (15,563)

Operating profit                                                                                 1,458,830         2,326,715
Finance income                                                                      10              18,336             23,279
Finance costs                                                                       10            (339,702)          (432,107)
Share of results of investments accounted for using the equity method               16              14,367             17,411

Profit before income tax                                                                         1,151,831         1,935,298
Income tax expense                                                                  11            (492,262)          (526,227)

Profit for the year                                                                                659,569         1,409,071

Profit/(Loss) for the year attributable to:
– the equity holders of the Company                                                                844,525         1,008,233
– non-controlling interests                                                                       (184,956)          400,838

                                                                                                   659,569         1,409,071

Earnings per share attributable to the equity holders of the Company
  (Expressed in RMB cents per share)
  – Basic and diluted                                                               12                 9.29             11.27




The above consolidated statement of profit or loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED    73
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                              Note           RMB’000           RMB’000

Profit for the year                                                                           659,569         1,409,071

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax:
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
     Currency translation differences                                                        (313,710)         207,573


Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
     Currency translation differences of foreign operations                                   381,321            33,460
     Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of investments accounted
        for using the equity method
       – Share of currency translation differences                             16               (1,703)           1,615
Reclass of exchange reserves upon disposal of subsidiaries                     32              24,086                 —

                                                                                              403,704            35,075


Other comprehensive income for the year                                                        89,994          242,648

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                       749,563         1,651,719

Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year attributable to:
     – the equity holders of the Company                                                      924,342         1,322,477
     – non-controlling interests                                                             (174,779)         329,242

                                                                                              749,563         1,651,719




The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




74      XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                              Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                   As at 31 December 2025




                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                             Note           RMB’000           RMB’000

Assets
Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                                               17          32,768,593       36,167,785
  Right-of-use assets                                                         18           2,191,182        2,175,439
  Intangible assets                                                           19              26,437           29,346
  Prepayments for land use rights and property, plant
     and equipment                                                            23             474,102           415,867
  Finance lease receivables                                                   24             150,109           167,974
  Investments accounted for using the equity method                           16             751,529           244,455
  Deferred tax assets                                                         31             320,603           168,677

Total non-current assets                                                                  36,682,555       39,369,543

Current assets
  Inventories                                                                 20           1,735,154         2,856,039
  Trade receivables                                                           21           7,836,661         8,541,364
  Bills receivables at amortised cost                                         21           2,811,663         3,046,843
  Bills receivables at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                                  21, 3.3(a)      1,118,858           280,756
  Contract assets                                                             22              30,667            33,321
  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                     3.3(a)            68,561            58,243
  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                 23           1,274,812         1,494,623
  Finance lease receivables                                                   24              12,216            11,881
  Current tax assets                                                                           7,109           204,030
  Amounts due from related companies                                          37               1,027               887
  Amounts due from investments accounted for using the equity method          37              24,980            62,421
  Loans to investments accounted for using the equity method                  37             154,342                —
  Restricted cash                                                             25              22,204            19,589
  Fixed bank deposits                                                         25             149,000           131,338
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                   25           4,986,259           821,606

Total current assets                                                                      20,233,513       17,562,941

Total assets                                                                              56,916,068       56,932,484

Equity
Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
  Share capital                                                               26             745,108          738,830
  Share premium and other reserves                                            28          10,525,855       10,148,435
  Retained earnings                                                                       18,560,880       18,164,525

                                                                                          29,831,843       29,051,790
  Non-controlling interests                                                                5,104,516        5,356,082

Total equity                                                                              34,936,359       34,407,872




                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   75
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2025




                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                 Note           RMB’000              RMB’000

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
     Other payables                                                               29             666,063             701,967
     Borrowings                                                                   30           6,972,273            5,496,799
     Lease liabilities                                                            18             887,732             831,625
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                     31             201,827             150,349

Total non-current liabilities                                                                  8,727,895            7,180,740


Current liabilities
     Borrowings                                                                   30           5,196,002            6,143,255
     Trade, bills and other payables                                              29           5,818,613            7,132,305
     Contract liabilities                                                         22               90,343             79,421
     Lease liabilities                                                            18               63,660             71,716
     Amounts due to related companies                                             37           1,896,987            1,852,132
     Current tax liabilities                                                                     186,209              65,043

Total current liabilities                                                                     13,251,814        15,343,872


Total liabilities                                                                             21,979,709        22,524,612


Total equity and liabilities                                                                  56,916,068        56,932,484



The above consolidated statement of financial position should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.


The consolidated financial statements on pages 73 to 205 were approved by the Board of Directors on 27 February 2026 and
were signed on its behalf.




LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                                           LEE Shing Put, B.B.S
Chairman and Non-Executive Director                           Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director




76       XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                         Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                 Attributable to the equity holders of the Company

                                                       Share             Share            Other                                          Non-
                                                      capital         premium           reserves       Retained                    controlling        Total
                                                     (Note 26)         (Note 28)       (Note 28)        earnings          Total      interests       equity
                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

Balance at 1 January 2025                            738,830          5,595,254       4,553,181       18,164,525     29,051,790     5,356,082    34,407,872

Comprehensive income
Profit/(Loss) for the year                                 —                 —                —         844,525        844,525       (184,956)     659,569
Other comprehensive income
  Currency translation differences                         —                 —           57,434               —         57,434         10,177       67,611
  Share of other comprehensive loss of
     investments accounted for using
     the equity method                                     —                 —            (1,703)             —          (1,703)           —         (1,703)
  Reclass of exchange reserves upon disposal
     of a subsidiary                                       —                 —           24,086               —         24,086             —        24,086

Total comprehensive income/(loss)
  for the year                                             —                 —           79,817         844,525        924,342       (174,779)     749,563

Transactions with owners
Employees’ share option scheme:
  – value of employee services (Note 8)                    —                 —           17,536               —         17,536           (307)      17,229
  – release upon the lapse of share options                —                 —            (1,833)            946           (887)          887            —
Capital contributions from
  non-controlling interests (Note 15)                      —                 —                —               —              —            723          723
Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
   dividend of 2025 interim dividend                    6,278          216,598                —          (27,051)      195,825             —       195,825
Dividend:
  – 2025 interim dividend (Note 13)                        —                 —                —         (349,114)      (349,114)           —       (349,114)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interests
  (Note 15)                                                —                 —                —               —              —        (73,168)      (73,168)
Disposal of equity interests in
  subsidiaries                                             —                 —                —               —              —         (5,998)       (5,998)
Appropriation to statutory reserves                        —                 —          178,218         (178,218)            —             —             —
Net movement of safety fund surplus reserve                —                 —            7,898           (7,898)            —             —             —
Transfer of reserves upon disposal of subsidiaries         —                 —         (113,165)        113,165              —             —             —
Changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries
  without loss of control (Note 15)                        —                 —            (7,649)             —          (7,649)        1,076        (6,573)


Balance at 31 December 2025                          745,108          5,811,852       4,714,003       18,560,880     29,831,843     5,104,516    34,936,359




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED            77
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                 Attributable to the equity holders of the Company

                                                        Share           Share             Other                                          Non-
                                                       capital       premium            reserves          Retained                  controlling        Total
                                                     (Note 26)       (Note 28)         (Note 28)          earnings         Total      interests       equity
                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

Balance at 1 January 2024                            723,002        6,294,092         3,897,767        18,223,203     29,138,064    5,357,035     34,495,099

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                        —                —                 —         1,008,233      1,008,233      400,838      1,409,071
Other comprehensive income
  Currency translation differences                         —                —           312,629                 —       312,629       (71,596)      241,033
  Share of other comprehensive income of
     investments accounted for using
     the equity method                                     —                —             1,615                 —         1,615             —         1,615

Total comprehensive income for the year                    —                —           314,244         1,008,233      1,322,477      329,242      1,651,719

Transactions with owners
Employees’ share option scheme:
  – exercise of employees’ share options                  612          32,480            (6,236)                —        26,856             —        26,856
  – value of employee services (Note 8)                    —                —             4,908                 —         4,908           (578)        4,330
Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
  dividend of 2023 final dividend and
  2024 interim dividend                                15,216         505,865                 —            (40,143)     480,938             —       480,938
Dividend:
  – 2023 final dividend                                    —       (1,237,183)                —                 —     (1,237,183)           —     (1,237,183)
  – 2024 interim dividend (Note 13)                        —                —                 —          (827,585)      (827,585)           —       (827,585)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                 —                —                 —                 —             —      (140,039)      (140,039)
Appropriation to statutory reserves                        —                —           188,820          (188,820)            —             —             —
Net movement of safety fund surplus reserve                —                —            10,363            (10,363)           —             —             —
Acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary         —                —               695                 —           695         (9,740)       (9,045)
Changes in ownership interest in
  subsidiaries without loss of control                     —                —           142,620                 —       142,620      (179,838)       (37,218)


Balance at 31 December 2024                          738,830        5,595,254         4,553,181        18,164,525     29,051,790    5,356,082     34,407,872




The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




78      XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                          Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                 Note           RMB’000            RMB’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                                   33(a)         6,307,189         2,662,562
Interest paid                                                                                   (361,202)          (476,745)
Income taxes paid                                                                               (289,745)          (950,700)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                                   5,656,242         1,235,117


Cash flows from investing activities
Payments for acquisition of right-of-use assets                                                  (84,574)           (99,044)
Receipts of government grants relating to property, plant and equipment                          296,209             48,000
Net proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries                                                       498,671                  —
Payments for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                        (2,446,871)        (4,602,479)
Payments for purchase of intangible assets                                                             —             (3,711)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                          33(c)           138,278             27,642
Advance to investments accounted for using the equity method                                           —             (2,235)
Loan to investments accounted for using the equity method                                       (154,342)                 —
Addition to investments accounted for using the equity method                     16                   —               (672)
Net (payments)/proceeds from financial assets at FVPL                                               (561)             6,957
Interest received                                                                                 18,336             23,279
Decrease in restricted cash pledged for letter of guarantees
  and bank acceptance bills                                                                        3,235           935,603
Placement of fixed bank deposits                                                                 (17,662)         (131,338)
Dividend received from investment accounted for using equity method                                    —             28,794

Net cash used in investing activities                                                         (1,749,281)        (3,769,204)




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED    79
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                                   2025           2024
                                                                                Note           RMB’000        RMB’000

Cash flows from financing activities
Payment for acquisition of shares of non-controlling interest                                         —          (9,045)
Capital contribution from non-controlling interest                               15                 723              —
Proceeds from exercise of employees’ options                                                          —         26,856
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                      7,567,830     13,493,112
Repayment of borrowings                                                                      (7,891,189)    (11,241,190)
Net proceeds from fixed rate bonds                                                              799,040              —
Principal portion of lease payments                                              18             (61,273)        (57,590)
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company                                                  (153,289)     (1,583,830)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                                       15             (73,168)      (140,039)
Cash advances from non-controlling interests                                                     72,119        578,926
Repayments of amounts due to non-controlling interests                                                —       (294,242)

Net cash generated from financing activities                                                    260,793        772,958


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                          4,167,754      (1,761,129)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                                  821,606      2,572,275
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                          (3,101)        10,460

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                         25           4,986,259        821,606




The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.




80    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2025




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION

     Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) are principally engaged in
     the production and international sale of solar glass products, through the production complexes located in the People’s
     Republic of China (the “PRC”) and Malaysia. In addition, the Group is also engaged in the development and operation of
     renewable energy generation business in the PRC.

     The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the “Corporate
     Information” section to the annual report. The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands.
     The shares of the Company are listed on The Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock
     Exchange”).


2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION

     (a) Basis of preparation
          The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting
          Standards (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”)
          and Interpretations) as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the
          disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap.622.

          These consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded to the nearest
          thousand except when otherwise indicated.

          The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for financial
          assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”), or other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) which have been
          measured at fair value.

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires the use of certain
          critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying
          the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where
          assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed in Note 4.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED      81
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

      (b) Amendments to standards adopted by the Group
            The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRS Accounting Standards for the first time for the current year’s
            financial statements.

            Amendments to HKAS 21                               Lack of Exchangeability

            The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRS Accounting Standards are described below:

            Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another
            currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking.
            Where applicable, the amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements
            to understand the impact of a currency not being exchangeable. As the currencies that the Group had transacted
            in and the functional currencies of overseas subsidiaries, investments accounted for using the equity method for
            translation into the Group’s presentation currency were exchangeable, the amendments did not have any impact on
            the Group’s financial statements.

            The amendment listed above did not have any impact on the amounts recognised in prior periods and are not
            expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.


      (c)   New and amended standards but not yet adopted by the Group
            The Group has not applied the following new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, that have been issued
            but are not yet effective, in these financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025. The Group intends to
            apply these new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they become effective.

            Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                                Financial Instruments1
            Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity 1
            Annual Improvements to HKFRS                     Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7 1
                Accounting Standards – Volume 11
            HKFRS 18                                         Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements 2
            HKFRS 19 and its amendments                      Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures 2
            Amendments to HKAS 21                            Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency 2
            Amendments to HKFRS 10                           Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                and HKAS 28                                     Associate or Joint Venture3
            1
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
            2
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
            3
                   No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption




82    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

     (c)   New and amended standards but not yet adopted by the Group (Continued)
           Except as described below, these new and amended standards are not expected to have a material impact on the
           Group in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.

           HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements . While a number of sections have been brought
           forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation within the
           statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income and
           expenses within the statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing, financing,
           income taxes and discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures
           about management-defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced requirements on
           the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information in both the primary financial
           statements and the notes. Some requirements previously included in HKAS 1 are moved to HKAS 8 Accounting
           Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors , which is renamed as HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of Financial
           Statements . As a consequence of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments are made to
           HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows , HKAS 33 Earnings per Share and HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting . In addition,
           there are minor consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards. HKFRS 18 and the consequential
           amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
           2027 with earlier application permitted. Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently analysing the
           new requirements and assessing the impact of HKFRS 18 on the presentation and disclosure of the Group’s financial
           statements.


3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES

     3.1 Financial risk factors
           The Group’s activities expose it to various types of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk
           and cash flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management
           programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on
           the Group’s financial performance.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED      83
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
           (a)   Market risk
                  (i)   Foreign exchange risk
                        The Group mainly operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk primarily arising from
                        RMB, Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”), US dollar (“US$”) and Malaysian Ringgit (“MYR”), some of which are
                        not the functional currencies of respective operating subsidiaries within the Group. Foreign exchange
                        risk arises from future commercial transactions, recognised assets and liabilities and net investments in
                        foreign operations, mainly as a result of translation of trade receivables, cash and cash equivalents and
                        borrowings. Details of the Group’s trade receivables, cash and cash equivalents and borrowings are
                        disclosed in Note 21, Note 25 and Note 30.

                        The Group manages its foreign exchange risks by performing regular reviews when considered necessary.
                        For subsidiaries with functional currency in HK$, they are not subject to significant foreign exchange risk
                        for transactions conducted in US$ given the pegged exchange rate between HK$ and US$.

                                                           At 31 December 2025                       At 31 December 2024
                                                        Hypothetical                              Hypothetical
                                                       appreciation/                             appreciation/
                                                       (depreciation)             Positive/      (depreciation)              Positive/
                                                           in foreign          (negative),           in foreign            (negative),
                                                           currencies   (negative)/positive         currencies    (negative)/positive
                                                             against             effect on             against              effect on
                        Functional    Foreign             functional           profit after         functional           profit after
                        currency      currency             currencies          income tax           currencies           income tax
                                                                                 RMB’000                                    RMB’000

                        RMB           US$                     +/- 5%         2,876/(2,876)             +/- 5%         2,052/(2,052)
                        MYR           US$                     +/- 5%       24,032/(24,032)             +/- 5%         9,765/(9,765)
                        HK$           RMB                     +/- 5%       (98,364)/98,364             +/- 5%     (165,964)/165,964




84    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

     3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
         (a)   Market risk (Continued)
               (ii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
                      The Group’s interest rate risk is mainly attributable to its cash at bank, fixed bank deposits, restricted
                      cash and borrowings. Except for cash at bank, fixed bank deposits, restricted cash and borrowings
                      with fixed or variable interest, the Group has no other significant interest-bearing assets or liabilities.
                      Borrowings at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Other financial assets and
                      liabilities at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk. Details of the Group’s cash at
                      bank, fixed bank deposits, restricted cash and borrowings have been disclosed in Note 25 and Note 30
                      to the consolidated financial statements.

                      As at 31 December 2025, if interest rates on cash at bank, fixed bank deposits, restricted cash and
                      borrowings had been 25 basis points higher/lower with all other variables held constant, profit after
                      income tax for the year would have been approximately RMB11,856,000 (2024: RMB21,228,000) lower/
                      higher mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest expense being incurred.


         (b)   Credit risk
               The Group’s credit risk arises from cash at bank, fixed bank deposits, restricted cash, bills receivables at
               amortised cost and at FVOCI, trade and other receivables, finance lease receivables, contract assets, amounts
               due from related companies, amounts due from investments accounted for using the equity method and loans
               to investments accounted for using the equity method.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED       85
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
           (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
                  The carrying amounts of these balances and the relevant expected credit losses have been recognised in
                  consolidated statement of profit or loss as follows:

                                                                                                (Recognition)/Reversal of
                                                                 Carrying amount                 expected credit losses
                                                                         RMB’000                        RMB’000

                                                                    2025                2024          2025             2024

                  Trade and other receivables
                    excluding prepayments and
                    other tax receivables                     7,913,420             8,612,043      (13,535)         (16,229)
                  Bills receivables at amortised cost
                    and at FVOCI (Note 21)                    3,930,521             3,327,599        1,601                709
                  Contract assets (Note 22)                       30,667              33,321           214                  32
                  Finance lease receivables (Note 24)           162,325              179,855         (4,237)                (96)
                  Amounts due from related
                    companies (Note 37(b))                         1,027                 887              3                 21
                  Amounts due from investments
                    accounted for using the equity
                    method (Note 37(b))                           24,980              62,421             —                  —
                  Loans to investments
                    accounted for using the equity
                    method (Note 37(b))                         154,342                    —             —                  —
                  Cash at bank, fixed bank deposits
                    and restricted cash (Note 25)             5,157,414              972,419             —                  —

                  Total                                      17,374,696            13,188,545      (15,954)         (15,563)


                  The carrying amounts of these balances represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to
                  financial assets.




86    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

     3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
         (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
               (i)    Risk management
                      The Group has a credit policy in place and the exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an
                      ongoing basis.

                      In order to minimise the credit risks, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
                      determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-
                      up actions are taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews regularly the recoverable
                      amount of each individual receivable to ensure that adequate provisions for impairment losses are made
                      for irrecoverable amounts. Depending on the customer’s credit worthiness and historical relationship
                      with the Group, the Group may require cash payment before delivery of products, and record such
                      receipts as advances from customers.

                      The Group grants extended credit terms to customers with overall creditworthiness, as determined by
                      its credit assessment. For customers to whom credit terms are extended, the Group assesses a number
                      of factors to determine whether collection from them is reasonably assured, including past transaction
                      history with them and their creditworthiness. In this regard, the directors consider that the Group’s credit
                      risk is significantly reduced.


               (ii)   Impairment of financial assets
                      The Group has the following financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

                      •     cash at bank, fixed bank deposits and restricted cash;

                      •     trade receivables, including sales of solar glass, sales of electricity and provision of engineering,
                            procurement and construction (“EPC”) services;

                      •     contract assets;

                      •     finance lease receivables;

                      •     bills receivables at amortised cost and at FVOCI;

                      •     deposits and other receivables;

                      •     amounts due from related companies;

                      •     amounts due from investments accounted for using the equity method; and

                      •     loans to investments accounted for using the equity method.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED       87
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
           (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
                  (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
                         Cash at bank, fixed bank deposits and restricted cash
                         As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, most of the bank deposits are deposited with reputable banks in
                         the PRC, Malaysia, Indonesia and Hong Kong. The credit quality of cash at bank, fixed bank deposits and
                         restricted cash has been assessed by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about
                         the counterparty default rates. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore,
                         expected credit loss rates of cash at bank, fixed bank deposits and restricted cash are assessed to be
                         close to zero and no provision was made as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.


                         Trade receivables, bills receivables and contract assets
                         The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by HKFRS
                         9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected credit loss provision for all trade receivables, bills
                         receivables and contract assets.

                         To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables, bills receivables and contract assets have
                         been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics. The contract assets relate to unbilled work
                         in progress. Therefore, contract assets have substantially the same risk characteristics as the trade
                         receivables for the same types of contracts. The Group has therefore concluded that the expected loss
                         rates for trade receivables are a reasonable approximation of the loss rates for the contract assets.

                         The Group measures the loss allowance for its trade receivables and bills receivables at an amount equal
                         to the lifetime expected credit losses. Expected credit losses are estimated by grouping the receivables
                         based on the shared credit risk characteristics and collectively assessed for the likelihood of recovery
                         and applying expected credit loss rates to the respective gross carrying amounts of the receivables.
                         The expected credit loss rates are determined based on the historical credit losses experience and are
                         adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on economic indicators, scenarios and the
                         underlying probability weightings. For trade receivables and bills receivables with significant increases in
                         credit risk, they are assessed for impairment allowance individually. The Group has adjusted the historical
                         loss rates based on expected changes in the macroeconomic factors such as GDP.




88    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

     3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
         (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
               (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                      Trade receivables, bills receivables and contract assets (Continued)
                      Trade receivables, bills receivables and contract assets are written off when there is no reasonable
                      expectation of recovery. Indicators that there is no reasonable expectation of recovery include,
                      amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan with the Group, and a failure
                      to make contractual payments for a period beyond normal operating cycle. Impairment losses on trade
                      receivables, bills receivables and contract assets are presented as net impairment losses within operating
                      profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line item.

                      The majority of bills receivables were issued from banks in the PRC. The credit quality of bills receivables
                      has been assessed by management with reference to external credit ratings. Due to the change of
                      macro-economic condition during the year of 2025, the management reassess the credit condition of
                      the banks.

                      The Group classifies its trade receivables by nature of sales.


                      Sales of solar glass
                      The credit periods of the majority of the trade receivables from sales of solar glass are generally within
                      90 days and largely comprise amounts receivable from corporate customers. The trade receivables have
                      been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and ageing profiles. The lifetime expected
                      credit loss allowance is measured based on past settlement history and the historical default rates over
                      the expected life of the trade receivables with similar credit risk characteristics adjusted with current and
                      forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors that affects the ability of the customers to settle
                      the receivables. For the trade receivables with significant increases in credit risk, they are assessed for
                      impairment allowance individually. For the remaining balances, they were assessed on a collective basis.

                                                                                                        Gross
                                                                                 Expected            carrying               Loss
                                                                                       credit       amounts          allowance
                      At 31 December 2025                                         loss rate         RMB’000            RMB’000

                      Provision on individual basis                                92.71%             28,209              26,153
                      Provision on collective basis                                    0.07%       2,973,004               2,228

                                                                                                   3,001,213              28,381




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED       89
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
           (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
                  (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                         Trade receivables, bills receivables and contract assets (Continued)
                         Sales of solar glass (Continued)

                                                                                                          Gross
                                                                                    Expected            carrying               Loss
                                                                                       credit          amounts           allowance
                         At 31 December 2024                                         loss rate        RMB’000            RMB’000

                         Provision on individual basis                               86.45%              17,742             15,338
                         Provision on collective basis                                0.08%          3,616,965               2,782

                                                                                                     3,634,707              18,120


                         The Group applied a simplified approach to calculate the expected losses. The provision matrix is
                         determined based on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the trade receivables and
                         is adjusted for forward-looking estimates. At every reporting date, the historical observed default rates
                         are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analysed.


                         Sales of electricity
                         Trade and tariff adjustment receivables arising from sales of electricity were all due from state-owned
                         enterprises. Receivables from sales of electricity were usually settled on a monthly basis by the state grid
                         companies. For tariff adjustment receivables, they are settled in accordance with prevailing government
                         policies and prevalent payment trends of the Ministry of Finance.

                         The Ministry of Finance does not set out a rigid timetable for the settlement of tariff adjustment
                         receivables. As the collection of tariff adjustment receivables is expected in the normal operating cycle,
                         they are classified as current assets. As at 31 December 2025, the directors have reassessed the historical
                         default rates and the macroeconomic factors. On that basis, the loss allowances of RMB49,020,000
                         (2024: RMB49,575,000) were recognised for sales of electricity and tariff adjustment receivables
                         amounting to RMB4,904,806,000 (2024: RMB4,958,577,000) with an expected credit loss rate of 1%
                         (2024: 1%).




90    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

     3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
         (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
               (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                      Trade receivables, bills receivables and contract assets (Continued)
                      Revenue from EPC services
                      Other service revenue includes construction contracts revenue from EPC services that is normally settled
                      by instalments in accordance with the terms specified in the contracts governing the relevant EPC works.
                      The payment terms of EPC contract are considered on a case-by-case basis and set out in the EPC
                      contract.

                      Trade receivables and contract assets arising from EPC services were due from third parties. For the
                      trade receivables with significant increases in credit risk, they are assessed for impairment allowance
                      individually. For the remaining balances, they were assessed on a collective basis.

                                                                                                       Gross
                                                                                Expected            carrying               Loss
                                                                                   credit          amounts       allowance
                      At 31 December 2025                                        loss rate         RMB’000        RMB’000

                      Provision on collective basis                              23.12%               10,462          2,419


                                                                                                       Gross
                                                                                 Expected            carrying              Loss
                                                                                    credit          amounts       allowance
                      At 31 December 2024                                        loss rate         RMB’000         RMB’000

                      Provision on collective basis                              11.01%               17,726          1,951


                      The sales to the top five customers constituted approximately 44% (2024: 49%) of the Group’s total
                      sales. They accounted for approximately 57% (2024: 53%) of the gross trade receivables balances as at
                      31 December 2025.


                      Finance lease receivables
                      The Group applied the simplified approach to recognise lifetime expected credit loss for finance lease
                      receivables. Expected credit loss rate of the finance lease receivables is assessed to be 3.52% (2024:
                      0.90%) and allowance provision of RMB4,237,000 was provided during the year ended 31 December
                      2025 (2024: RMB96,000).




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED      91
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
           (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
                  (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                         The closing loss allowances for trade receivables, contract assets, finance lease receivables and bills
                         receivables at amortised cost of the Group as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 reconciled to the opening
                         loss allowances as follows:

                                                                                                            Bills
                                                                                          Finance    receivables
                                                                 Trade    Contract          lease at amortised
                                                            receivables      assets   receivables           cost         Total
                                                              RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

                         Loss allowance as at
                           1 January 2025                       69,646         435          1,637         3,420         75,138
                         Provision/(Reversal) of loss
                           allowance recognised in
                           consolidated statement
                           of profit or loss – net              13,378        (214)         4,237         (1,801)       15,600
                         Derecognition upon disposal of
                           subsidiary                           (3,056)         —              —              —         (3,056)
                         Receivables written off during
                           the year as uncollectible              (169)         —              —              —           (169)
                         Currency translation differences           21          —              52             —             73

                         Loss allowance as at
                           31 December 2025                     79,820         221          5,926         1,619         87,586




92    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

     3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
         (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
               (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                                                                                                            Bills
                                                                                         Finance     receivables
                                                              Trade      Contract          lease    at amortised
                                                         receivables        assets    receivables           cost       Total
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

                      Loss allowance as at
                        1 January 2024                      52,665            467          1,634          3,920       58,686
                      Provision/(Reversal) of loss
                        allowance recognised in
                        consolidated statement
                        of profit or loss – net             17,587            (32)            96           (500)      17,151
                      Receivables written off during
                        the year as uncollectible            (2,053)           —              —              —        (2,053)
                      Currency translation differences        1,447            —             (93)            —         1,354

                      Loss allowance as at
                        31 December 2024                    69,646            435          1,637          3,420       75,138


                      Except for the above impairment losses, loss allowance provision for bills receivables at FVOCI of
                      RMB200,000 has been recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss in 2025 (2024: provision of
                      RMB209,000 was reversed).




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   93
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
           (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
                  (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                         Other financial assets at amortised costs
                         Other financial assets at amortised cost include amounts due from related companies, amounts due from
                         investments accounted for using the equity method, loans to investments accounted for using the equity
                         method, and other receivables excluding prepayments and other tax receivables.

                         The Group also considered the forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors including GDP.

                         Provision of expected credit losses against other financial assets at amortised costs is as follows:

                                                                                     Average                Gross
                                                                                    expected            carrying                 Loss
                                                                                        credit          amounts          allowance
                         At 31 December 2025                                         loss rate          RMB’000            RMB’000

                         Deposits and other receivables (Note 23)                      1.43%              77,876                1,117
                         Amounts due from related companies
                           (Note 37(b))                                                0.39%                1,031                  4
                         Amounts due from investments accounted
                           for using the equity method (Note 37(b))                    0.00%              24,980                   —
                         Loans to investments accounted
                           for using the equity method (Note 37(b))                    0.00%             154,342                   —

                                                                                       0.43%             258,229                1,121




                                                                                      Average               Gross
                                                                                     expected            carrying                Loss
                                                                                        credit           amounts           allowance
                         At 31 December 2024                                          loss rate         RMB’000            RMB’000

                         Deposits and other receivables (Note 23)                      2.58%              72,554                1,875
                         Amounts due from related companies
                           (Note 37(b))                                                0.78%                  894                  7
                         Amounts due from investments accounted
                           for using the equity method (Note 37(b))                    0.00%              62,421                   —

                                                                                       1.39%             135,869                1,882




94    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

     3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
         (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
               (ii)   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                      Other financial assets at amortised costs (Continued)
                      The Group management considered expected credit losses of amount due from investments accounted
                      for using the equity method is immaterial to financial statements as most of them are dividend
                      receivables.

                      The closing loss allowance for other financial assets at amortised costs reconciles to the opening loss
                      allowance as follows:

                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

                      Opening loss allowance                                                         1,882              3,261
                      Provision/(Reversal) of loss allowance recognised in consolidated
                        statement of profit or loss – net                                              154             (1,379)
                      Receivables written off during the year as uncollectible                        (907)                 —
                      Currency translation differences                                                   (8)                —

                      Closing loss allowance                                                         1,121              1,882



         (c)   Liquidity risk
               Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and the availability of funding through
               an adequate amount of committed credit facilities.

               The Group maintains liquidity by a number of means including orderly realisation of short-term financial assets,
               receivables and certain assets that the Group considers appropriate. The Group’s objective is to maintain a
               balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of the Group’s available cash and other
               credit lines available. The Group monitors rolling forecasts of its working capital which comprises cash and
               cash equivalents and borrowing facilities on the basis of expected cash flow.

               The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based
               on the remaining period at the consolidated statement of financial position to the contractual maturity date.
               The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interests payments
               computed using contractual rates, or if floating, based on the current rates at the year-end date). Where the
               loan agreement contains a repayable on demand clause which gives the lender the unconditional right to call
               the loan at any time, the amounts repayable are classified in the earliest time bracket in which the lender could
               demand repayment. The maturity analysis for other borrowings is prepared based on the scheduled repayment
               dates. Borrowings associated with transferred bills receivables are excluded from the analyses as the underlying
               obligations are expected to be fulfilled through the maturity of transferred bills receivable rather than by cash
               payments, details of borrowings related to transferred bills receivables are disclosed in Note 30(c). Balances
               due within 12 months approximate their carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.



                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED     95
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
           (c)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                          On demand       Between     Between
                                                          or less than       1 and       2 and        Over
                                                                1 year      2 years     5 years     5 years        Total
                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000

                  At 31 December 2025
                  Trade, bills and other payables
                    excluding non-financial liabilities     5,523,078      536,063          —           —      6,059,141
                  Borrowings                                5,040,378     1,743,165   2,826,913   3,124,685   12,735,141
                  Lease liabilities                            66,525       14,034     302,938    1,256,996    1,640,493
                  Amounts due to related companies          1,896,987           —           —           —      1,896,987

                  Total                                   12,526,968      2,293,262   3,129,851   4,381,681   22,331,762


                                                          On demand        Between     Between
                                                           or less than       1 and       2 and       Over
                                                                1 year      2 years     5 years     5 years        Total
                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000

                  At 31 December 2024
                  Trade, bills and other payables
                    excluding non-financial liabilities     6,867,353      571,967          —           —      7,439,320
                  Borrowings                                6,451,645     1,017,254   2,489,482   2,761,887   12,720,268
                  Lease liabilities                            52,831       24,104     279,995    1,128,001    1,484,931
                  Amounts due to related companies          1,852,132           —           —           —      1,852,132

                  Total                                   15,223,961      1,613,325   2,769,477   3,889,888   23,496,651




96    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

     3.2 Capital risk management
         The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
         in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
         structure to reduce cost of capital.

         The capital structure of the Group consists of equity and borrowings. In order to maintain or adjust the capital
         structure, the Group will consider the macro-economic conditions, prevailing borrowing rate in the market and
         adequacy of cash flows generating from operations.

         The Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new
         shares or sell assets to reduce borrowings, and repurchase its own shares when the Company’s shares are trading at
         a discount to the expected net assets value per share, as necessary.

         Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is
         calculated as net debt divided by total equity. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including “current and non-
         current borrowings” as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position) less cash and cash equivalents,
         fixed bank deposits and restricted cash.

         The gearing ratios at 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:

                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

         Total borrowings (Note 30)                                                            12,168,275         11,640,054
         Less: Cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits and restricted cash
                (Note 25)                                                                       (5,157,463)          (972,533)

         Net debt                                                                                7,010,812        10,667,521
         Total equity                                                                          34,936,359         34,407,872
         Gearing ratio                                                                              20.1%              31.0%




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED      97
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

      3.3 Fair value estimation
           (a)   Fair value hierarchy
                  The carrying values of financial instruments measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period are
                  categorised among the three levels of the fair value hierarchy defined in HKFRS 13, “Fair value Measurement”,
                  with the fair value of each financial instrument categorised in its entirety based on the lowest level of input
                  that is significant to that fair value measurement. The levels are defined as follows:

                  Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded derivatives,
                  and trading and available-for-sale securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting
                  period. The quoted market price used for financial assets is the current bid price. The quoted market price
                  already incorporates the market’s assumptions with respect to changes in economic climate such as rising
                  interest rates and inflation. These instruments are included in level 1.

                  Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-
                  counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable market
                  data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an
                  instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                  Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
                  included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities and for instruments where ESG risk gives rise
                  to a significant unobservable adjustment.




98    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

     3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
         (a)   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
               The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair values at 31 December 2025
               and 31 December 2024:

                                                                   Level 1         Level 2         Level 3            Total
                                                     Note        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

               At 31 December 2025
               Bills receivables at FVOCI             21                —               —        1,118,858       1,118,858
               Financial assets at FVPL                                 —               —           68,561          68,561

                                                                        —               —        1,187,419       1,187,419


                                                                    Level 1         Level 2         Level 3           Total
                                                     Note        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

               At 31 December 2024
               Bills receivables at FVOCI             21                —               —          280,756         280,756
               Financial assets at FVPL                                 —               —           58,243          58,243

                                                                        —               —          338,999         338,999


               There were no transfers among level 1, 2 and 3 during the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED     99
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

      3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
           (a)   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
                  The following table presents the changes in level 3 items for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 31
                  December 2024:

                                                                 Bills     Securities        Wealth
                                                          receivables    private fund   management
                                                            at FVOCI         product        products            Total
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

                  Opening balance as at
                    1 January 2025                           280,756          58,243              —          338,999
                    Acquisitions                           6,736,006              —       10,825,853       17,561,859
                    Disposals/settlement                  (5,879,203)             —      (10,840,002)     (16,719,205)
                    Amounts recognised in
                     consolidated profit or loss
                    – Fair value change (Note 6)                   —          10,318          14,149           24,467
                    – Expected credit losses                    (200)             —               —              (200)
                    – Losses on disposal of
                         bills receivables at FVOCI
                         (Note 6)                            (18,501)             —               —           (18,501)

                  Closing balance as at
                    31 December 2025                       1,118,858          68,561              —         1,187,419




100   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

     3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
         (a)   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
               The following table presents the changes in level 3 items for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 31
               December 2024: (Continued)

                                                                  Bills           Securities          Wealth
                                                          receivables          private fund     management
                                                            at FVOCI                product          products             Total
                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

               Opening balance as at
                 1 January 2024                              467,088                50,847                 —           517,935
                 Acquisitions                              7,523,772                     —         5,661,480       13,185,252
                 Disposals/settlement                     (7,663,810)                    —        (5,668,437)      (13,332,247)
                 Amounts recognised in
                   consolidated profit or loss
                 – Fair value change (Note 6)                      —                 7,396             6,957            14,353
                 – Expected credit losses                         209                    —                 —                  209
                 – Losses on disposal of
                      bills receivables at FVOCI
                      (Note 6)                                (46,503)                   —                 —           (46,503)

               Closing balance as at
                 31 December 2024                            280,756                58,243                 —           338,999


               Save as the forementioned bills receivables at FVOCI and financial asset at FVPL, the Group’s financial
               instruments recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position are mainly cash and cash
               equivalents, fixed bank deposits, restricted cash, trade and other receivables, finance lease receivables,
               amounts due from related companies, amounts due from investments accounted for using the equity method,
               loans to investments accounted for using the equity method, borrowings and other financial liabilities carried
               at amortised cost. For the majority of these instruments, the fair values are not materially different to their
               carrying amounts, since the interest receivables and payables is either close to current market rates or the
               instruments are short-term in nature.

               During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group invested in financial assets at FVPL
               included wealth management products sponsored and managed by banks and a securities private fund
               product managed by a securities firm. Securities private fund product and wealth management products are
               mandatorily classified as financial assets at FVPL as their contractual cash flows are not solely payments of
               principal and interest. The Group reports its investing cash flows arising from wealth management products
               and securities private fund product on a gross basis, except for cash receipts and payments for items in which
               the turnover is quick, the amounts are large, and the maturities are short.


                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED    101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

      3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
           (b)   Valuation inputs and relationships to fair value
                  Valuation of level 3 instruments for financial reporting purpose is carried out on a case-by-case basis. The
                  Group assesses the fair value of the level 3 instruments by using valuation techniques. Specific valuation
                  techniques used to value financial instruments include:

                  •      the use of quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments or recent prices of similar
                         financial assets in less active markets, adjusted to reflect those differences,

                  •      for other financial instruments - discounted cash flow analysis.

                  Quantitative information about fair value measurement using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) is as
                  follows:

                                                 Fair value at                                                          Relationship of
                                                31 December                          Significant           Range of       unobservable
                                                        2025        Valuation     unobservable     unobservable                inputs to
                  Description                       RMB’000         technique            inputs              inputs           fair value

                  Bills receivables at FVOCI       1,118,858       Discounted     Discount rate    0.30%-1.80%           The higher the
                                                                     cash flow                                            discount rate,
                                                                      method                                              the lower the
                                                                                                                              fair value,
                                                                                                                          and vice versa

                  Financial assets at                      —       Discounted     Expected rate    0.71%-2.34%           The higher the
                    FVPL – Wealth                                    cash flow        of return                        expected rate of
                    management products                               method                                          return, the higher
                                                                                                                          the fair value,
                                                                                                                          and vice versa

                  Financial assets at                  68,561      Discounted     Expected rate             14.82%       The higher the
                    FVPL – Securities private                        cash flow        of return                        expected rate of
                    fund product                                      method                                          return, the higher
                                                                                                                          the fair value,
                                                                                                                          and vice versa




102   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVE AND POLICIES (Continued)

     3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
         (b)   Valuation inputs and relationships to fair value (Continued)
               Quantitative information about fair value measurement using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) is as
               follows: (Continued)


                                              Fair value at                                                  Relationship of
                                             31 December                     Significant       Range of       unobservable
                                                     2024      Valuation   unobservable    unobservable            inputs to
               Description                      RMB’000        technique          inputs         inputs            fair value

               Bills receivables at FVOCI        280,756      Discounted   Discount rate   0.40%-2.15%       The higher the
                                                               cash flow                                      discount rate,
                                                                 method                                       the lower the
                                                                                                                  fair value,
                                                                                                              and vice versa

               Financial assets at                      —     Discounted   Expected rate   1.05%-2.65%       The higher the
                 FVPL – Wealth                                 cash flow       of return                    expected rate of
                 management products                             method                                   return, the higher
                                                                                                              the fair value,
                                                                                                              and vice versa

               Financial assets at                 58,243     Discounted   Expected rate       14.79%        The higher the
                 FVPL – Securities private                     cash flow       of return                    expected rate of
                 fund product                                    method                                   return, the higher
                                                                                                              the fair value,
                                                                                                              and vice versa




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED    103
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

      Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
      expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.


      Judgements
      In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, the Group has made the following judgements, apart from
      those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements:


      (a)   Revenue recognition on tariff adjustment
            Revenue arising from tariff adjustment represents subsidy received and receivable from the sales of electricity
            pursuant to the prevailing government policies and is recognised when the Group comply with all the requirements
            and conditions as required under the prevailing government policies and regulations for entitlement of the tariff
            adjustment. The tariff adjustment is measured based on the difference between the feed-in-tariff regime and the
            revenue from sales of electricity. Management exercised judgement when interpreting the relevant prevailing policies
            and regulations in relation to the determination of tariff adjustment.


      Estimation uncertainty
      The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
      seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
      adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.


      (a)   Impairment of trade receivables, other receivables and contract assets
            The Group makes provision for loss allowance of trade receivables, other receivables and contract assets based
            on assumptions about risk of default and expected credit loss rate. The Group uses judgement in making these
            assumptions and selecting the inputs to the loss allowance calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing
            market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period. Details of the key
            assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in Note 3.1(b).




104   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     (b)   Impairment of non-financial assets
           The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at the end of each
           reporting period. Non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts
           may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating unit exceeds
           its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs to sell and its value in use. The calculation
           of the fair value less costs to sell is based on available data from binding sales transactions in an arm’s length
           transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When value
           in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or
           cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.


     (c)   Current and deferred income tax
           The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining
           the worldwide provision for income taxes and the timing of the related payments. There are many transactions and
           calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the
           final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will
           impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.
           Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax
           bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements. Deferred income tax liabilities
           have not been established for the withholding taxation that would be payable on the undistributed profits of certain
           subsidiaries which were under certain jurisdictions as the directors consider that the timing of the reversal of related
           temporary differences can be controlled and that is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the
           foreseeable future (Note 31).

           Deferred income tax assets relating to certain temporary differences, tax losses and tax credit are recognised when
           management considers it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the temporary
           differences or tax losses can be utilised. Investment tax allowance (“ITA”) is entitled by a subsidiary of the Group
           in Malaysia on its qualifying capital expenditure incurred, which can be utilised against its assessable profit. ITA is
           subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions and the Group has made its best estimate, based on the assumption
           that it will comply with all the conditions imposed upon the fulfilment deadline for the ITA to be claimed. When the
           expectation is different from the original estimate, such differences will impact the recognition of deferred income
           tax assets and taxation charges in the year in which such estimate is changed.


     (d)   Impairment provision for inventories
           The estimation of impairment provision for inventories involves significant management judgement based on
           consideration of key factors such as aging profile, future sales projection, estimated future selling prices and
           selling expenses of the respective inventories. Management reassesses the estimation of impairment provision for
           inventories at the end of reporting period.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED      105
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

      Revenue and other income recognised during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                  2025               2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000

      Revenue
      Sales of solar glass                                                                                 17,831,786         18,820,033


      Renewable energy business
            – Sales of electricity                                                                          1,918,674           1,926,702
            – Tariff adjustment                                                                             1,074,844           1,090,580

                                                                                                            2,993,518           3,017,282


      Others
            – Sales of mining products and consumables                                                           1,476             56,683
            – Other service income                                                                             34,384              27,449

                                                                                                               35,860              84,132


      Total revenue                                                                                        20,861,164         21,921,447

      Other income
      Government grants (Note (a))                                                                            179,272             123,501
      Scrap sales (Note (b))                                                                                   53,678             106,817
      Insurance compensation income                                                                            27,979                9,802
      Compensation income from suppliers                                                                         9,601             13,204
      Tariff adjustments for electricity generation from self-used solar power system                            8,607               3,474
      Others (Note (c))                                                                                        35,157              17,082

                                                                                                              314,294             273,880


      Notes:

      (a)       Government grants mainly represent grants received from the government in subsidising the Group’s certain operating costs and
                general operations.

      (b)       Scrap sales were shown in net amount with the other income of RMB163,162,000 (2024: RMB221,087,000) and other expenses
                at RMB109,484,000 (2024: RMB114,270,000).

      (c)       It mainly represents rental and other miscellaneous income.




106   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Accounting policy of revenue recognition
     Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, and represents amounts receivable for
     goods supplied, stated net of discounts, returns and value added taxes.

     Revenue is recognised when, or as, the control of the goods or services is transferred to the customer. Depending on the
     terms of the contract and the laws applicable, control of the goods and services may be transferred over time or at a point
     in time. Control of the goods and services is transferred over time if the Group’s performance:

     •    provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;

     •    creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

     •    does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment
          for performance completed to date.

     If control of the goods and services transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract by reference
     to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point
     in time when the customer obtains control of the goods and services.

     In some circumstances, the Group may not be able to reasonably measure the outcome of a performance obligation, but
     the Group expects to recover the costs incurred in satisfying the performance obligation. In those circumstances, revenue
     is recognised only to the extent of the costs incurred until such time that it can reasonably measure the outcome of the
     performance obligation.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED     107
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

      Accounting policy of revenue recognition (Continued)
      (a)   Sales of solar glass

            The Group manufactures and sells solar glass. Revenue from sales of solar glass is recognised when control of
            the products has transferred, being when the products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled
            obligation that could affect the customers’ acceptance of the products. Delivery occurs when the products have
            been shipped to the specified location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customers,
            and either the customers has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, the acceptance provisions
            have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

            Revenue from sales of solar glass is recognised based on the price specified in the contract. No element of financing
            is deemed present as the sales are made with a credit term of 30 to 90 days, which is consistent with market
            practice.

            Sales return is determined to be the best estimation by the Group, basing on the historical experience in the sales
            of solar glass and taking into consideration the type of customers, the type of transactions and the specifics of each
            arrangement.

            Receivable is recognised when control of the products has transferred as this is the point in time that the
            consideration is unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.


      (b)   Sales of electricity
            Revenue arising from the sales of electricity is recognised at a point in time in the accounting period when electricity
            is generated and transmitted.

            Revenue from electricity sales under the fixed feed-in tariff regime is determined based on the on-grid benchmark
            tariff rates of local coal-fired power plants, which vary across provinces and can be adjusted by the government of
            the PRC (the “PRC government”). It is currently settled by state grid companies for the electricity generated by the
            solar and wind farms on a monthly basis. Revenue from market-based electricity sales transactions is recognised at
            the price stipulated in the power purchase agreement and settled in accordance with its contractual terms.




108   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Accounting policy of revenue recognition (Continued)
     (c)   Tariff adjustment
           Tariff adjustment represents subsidy received and receivable from the sales of electricity to the customer pursuant to
           the government policy on subsidies of solar and wind energy in respect of the Group’s renewable energy generation
           business. Tariff adjustment is recognised at a point in time at its fair value to the extent it is highly probable that
           a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised from tariff adjustment will not occur if the
           Group will comply with all the prevailing policies and regulations.

           The revenue from tariff adjustment is based on the difference between the feed-in-tariff regime implemented by the
           PRC government and the revenue from the sales of electricity.

           When there is an agreement to modify a contract regarding adjustments to the feed-in-tariff of the sales of
           electricity, in connection with the contract modification, the Group might provide a partial deduction of the tariff
           adjustment related to the sales of electricity. The Group should account for the deduction separately, because it is an
           adjustment to the transaction price of the previously transferred goods. Thus, it should recognise the amount of the
           deduction immediately as a reduction of revenue.

           Tariff adjustment is settled in accordance with prevailing government policies and prevalent payment trends of
           the Ministry of Finance. The Ministry of Finance does not set out a rigid timetable for the settlement of tariff
           adjustment. The collection of such tariff adjustment is subjected to the allocation of funds by relevant government
           authorities to state grid companies, which consequently takes a relatively longer time for settlement. No significant
           financing component is deemed present as credit terms are granted to customers by reference to their credit risk
           characteristics, which is consistent with market practices.


     (d)   Sales of mining products
           The Group engages in mining activities and sells mining products to customers located in the PRC. Revenue from the
           sales of mining products is recognised when control of the products has transferred, being when the products are
           delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customers’ acceptance of the
           products. Delivery occurs when the products have been shipped to the specified location, the risks of obsolescence
           and loss have been transferred to the customers, and either the customers has accepted the products in accordance
           with the sales contract, the acceptance provisions have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria
           for acceptance have been satisfied.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED    109
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

      Accounting policy of revenue recognition (Continued)
      (e)   Revenue from construction contracts (EPC services)
            The Group determines that revenue from EPC services satisfies the performance obligation over time, for the
            performance of EPC services creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or
            enhanced. The Group recognises revenue over time by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of
            that performance obligation.

            The excess of cumulative revenue recognised over the cumulative billings to customers is recognised as contract
            assets and then transferred to receivables when the rights become unconditional. The excess of cumulative billings
            to customers over the cumulative revenue recognised is recognised as contract liabilities.

            There is no material contract fulfilment cost or cost of obtaining contracts incurred by the Group.


      Segment information
      Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the Executive Directors that are
      used to make strategic decisions.

      The Executive Directors consider the business from product type perspective. Generally, the Executive Directors consider
      the performance of business of each product type within the Group separately. Thus, the performance of each product
      type within the Group is an individual operating segment.

      For the year ended 31 December 2025, there are two operating segments based on business type: (1) sales of solar
      glass and (2) renewable energy business (formerly known as “solar form business”), which focused on solar farm
      development alongside solar and wind power generation. The “Other segment” and “Unallocated” mainly include the
      non-core businesses of the Group such as polysilicon business (which has not yet commenced operations), engineering,
      procurement and construction services and sales of mining products.

      The Executive Directors assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of gross profit. The Group
      does not allocate operating costs to its segments as this information is not reviewed by the Executive Directors.

      The revenue from external parties reported to the Executive Directors is measured in a manner consistent with that in the
      consolidated statement of profit or loss.




110   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Segment information (Continued)
     The segment information provided to the Executive Directors for the reportable segments is as follows:

                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2025

                                                            Renewable                                         Inter-
                                                Sales of       energy            Other                     segment
                                              solar glass     business        segment    Unallocated    eliminations         Total
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

     Segment revenue
       Recognised at a point in time         17,831,786      2,993,518              —          1,476             —     20,826,780
       Recognised over time                           —             —               —         34,384             —         34,384

     Revenue from external customers         17,831,786      2,993,518              —         35,860             —     20,861,164
     Cost of sales                           (15,321,735)   (1,055,115)             —        (23,290)            —     (16,400,140)

     Gross profit                             2,510,051      1,938,403              —         12,570             —      4,461,024

     Segment revenue by geographical area
       Mainland China                        11,858,198      2,991,114              —         20,674             —     14,869,986
       Other areas in Asia                    4,110,131             —               —             —              —      4,110,131
       North America and Europe               1,495,990         2,404               —         15,186             —      1,513,580
       Others                                   367,467             —               —             —              —        367,467

                                             17,831,786      2,993,518              —         35,860             —     20,861,164




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED     111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

      Segment information (Continued)
                                                                          Year ended 31 December 2024

                                                             Renewable                                        Inter-
                                                 Sales of       energy           Other                     segment
                                               solar glass     business       segment     Unallocated   eliminations         Total
                                                RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

      Segment revenue
        Recognised at a point in time        18,820,033      3,017,282             —          56,683             —     21,893,998
        Recognised over time                           —            —              —          27,449             —         27,449

      Revenue from external customers        18,820,033      3,017,282             —          84,132             —     21,921,447
      Cost of sales                          (17,002,128)     (986,276)            —         (67,045)            —     (18,055,449)

      Gross profit                            1,817,905      2,031,006             —          17,087             —      3,865,998

      Segment revenue by geographical area
        Mainland China                       14,428,432      3,014,389             —          67,659             —     17,510,480
        Other areas in Asia                   3,287,712             —              —              —              —      3,287,712
        North America and Europe                660,717          2,893             —          16,473             —        680,083
        Others                                  443,172             —              —              —              —        443,172

                                             18,820,033      3,017,282             —          84,132             —     21,921,447




112   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Segment information (Continued)
                                                                               Other segment information

                                                                 Renewable                                        Inter-
                                                     Sales of       energy           Other                     segment
                                                   solar glass     business       segment     Unallocated   eliminations       Total
                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

     Year ended 31 December 2025
     Depreciation charge of property,
       plant and equipment                         1,273,790       807,326           1,037          1,533            —     2,083,686
     Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets       25,021        57,374           2,950          1,662            —       87,007
     Impairment losses on property,
       plant and equipment                           724,738            —         1,596,827            —             —     2,321,565
     Amortisation charge of intangible assets           2,861           —               —             48             —        2,909
     Additions to non-current assets
       (other than finance lease receivables and
       deferred tax assets)                        1,320,335      1,420,207             —          74,926            —     2,815,468

     Year ended 31 December 2024
     Depreciation charge of property,
       plant and equipment                         1,173,594       752,701           1,287          4,686            —     1,932,268
     Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets       36,722        50,044           3,025           751             —       90,542
     Impairment losses on property,
       plant and equipment                           392,858            —               —              —             —      392,858
     Amortisation charge of intangible assets           1,245           —               —           1,353            —        2,598
     Additions to non-current assets
       (other than finance lease receivables and
       deferred tax assets)                        3,519,422      1,368,482        479,384       104,353             —     5,471,641




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

      Segment information (Continued)
                                                                          Assets and liabilities

                                                            Renewable                                      Inter-
                                                Sales of       energy       Other                       segment
                                              solar glass     business   segment      Unallocated    eliminations         Total
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

      At 31 December 2025
      Total assets                           32,985,169     26,175,909   3,249,888       4,750,823   (10,245,721)    56,916,068
      Total liabilities                      14,041,064     10,389,973   4,555,187       3,239,206   (10,245,721)    21,979,709

      At 31 December 2024
      Total assets                           30,540,711     24,114,283   4,851,759       3,750,897     (6,325,166)   56,932,484
      Total liabilities                      11,709,199      8,180,249   4,643,145       4,317,185     (6,325,166)   22,524,612




114   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Segment information (Continued)
     Reportable segment assets/(liabilities) are reconciled to total assets/(liabilities) as follows:

                                                                          Assets                               Liabilities

                                                                       2025                2024               2025                2024
                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000

     Segment assets/(liabilities)                               62,410,966          59,506,753          (28,986,224)     (24,532,593)

     Unallocated items:
     Property, plant and equipment                                 196,861             169,591                   —                   —
     Right-of-use assets                                             42,093              43,841                  —                   —
     Intangible assets                                                5,213               6,566                  —                   —
     Prepayments for land use rights
       and property, plant and equipment                             21,876              21,517                  —                   —
     Finance lease receivables                                     162,325             179,855                   —                   —
     Investments accounted for using
       the equity method                                           751,529             244,454                   —                   —
     Inventories                                                      1,498              21,224                  —                   —
     Trade and bills receivables                                      3,080              25,949                  —                   —
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                     37,281              26,088                  —                   —
     Contract assets                                                  7,374              10,028                  —                   —
     Amounts due from related companies                          3,489,238           2,978,720                   —                   —
     Restricted cash                                                  2,990               2,072                  —                   —
     Cash and cash equivalents                                       21,727              13,564                  —                   —
     Deferred tax assets                                              7,058               7,183                  —                   —
     Current tax assets                                                 680                 245                  —                   —
     Trade, bills and other payables                                      —                   —             (73,335)            (97,707)
     Contract liabilities                                                 —                   —              (7,620)             (5,587)
     Current tax liabilities                                              —                   —                  —                 (287)
     Lease liabilities                                                    —                   —                (741)             (2,247)
     Amounts due to related companies                                     —                   —           (489,635)           (478,833)
     Deferred tax liabilities                                             —                   —              (9,839)            (11,366)
     Borrowings                                                           —                   —          (2,658,036)         (3,721,158)
     Inter-segment eliminations                                (10,245,721)          (6,325,166)        10,245,721           6,325,166

     Total assets/(liabilities)                                 56,916,068          56,932,484          (21,979,709)     (22,524,612)




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED      115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

      Segment information (Continued)
      A reconciliation of segment gross profit to profit before income tax is provided as follows:

                                                                                                          2025          2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000

      Segment gross profit                                                                           4,448,454     3,848,911
      Unallocated gross profit                                                                          12,570        17,087

      Total gross profit                                                                             4,461,024     3,865,998

      Other unallocated items:
      Other income                                                                                     314,294       273,880
      Other gains/(losses) – net                                                                       131,694      (258,434)
      Selling and marketing expenses                                                                  (111,683)     (126,963)
      Administrative and other operating expenses                                                     (998,980)    (1,019,345)
      Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment (Note 17)                                   (2,321,565)    (392,858)
      Net impairment losses on financial and contract assets                                           (15,954)       (15,563)
      Finance income                                                                                    18,336        23,279
      Finance costs                                                                                   (339,702)     (432,107)
      Share of results of investments accounted for using the equity method                             14,367        17,411

      Profit before income tax                                                                       1,151,831     1,935,298


      An analysis of the Group’s revenue by segment of its customers is as follows:

      Revenue of approximately RMB2,515,863,000 and RMB2,175,626,000 were derived from customer A and customer B
      from solar glass business respectively, which separately accounted for more than 10% of the Group’s revenue for the year
      ended 31 December 2025. Revenue of approximately RMB3,104,941,000 and RMB2,639,389,000 were derived from
      customer C and customer A from solar glass business respectively, which separately accounted for more than 10% of the
      Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2024.




116   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Segment information (Continued)
     An analysis of the Group’s non-current assets other than deferred tax assets and finance lease receivables by geographical
     area in which the assets are located is as follows:

                                                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

     The PRC                                                                                                 32,073,883             36,098,935
     Others                                                                                                    4,137,960             2,933,957

                                                                                                             36,211,843             39,032,892



6.   OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES) – NET

                                                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000

     Gains on disposal of subsidiaries (Note 32)                                                                 147,171                    —
     Net fair value gains on financial assets at FVPL (Note 3.3(a))                                                24,467              14,353
     Gains on early termination of lease (Note 18)                                                                  1,302                 753
     Losses on disposal of bills receivables at FVOCI (Note 3.3(a))                                               (18,501)             (46,503)
     Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                          (16,753)             (14,187)
     Foreign exchange losses, net (Note (i))                                                                      (15,244)            (212,997)
     Others                                                                                                         9,252                 147

                                                                                                                 131,694              (258,434)


     Note:

     (i)     During the year ended 31 December 2024, foreign exchange losses, net included foreign exchange losses of RMB240,211,000
             reclassified from exchange reserve upon the termination of RMB-denominated capital loans between group companies. No similar
             reclassification occurred in the year ended 31 December 2025, as these loans were fully settled prior to the period.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED          117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




7.    EXPENSES BY NATURE

      Expenses included in cost of sales, selling and marketing expenses, administrative and other operating expenses are
      analysed as follows:

                                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000

      Auditors’ remuneration - audit services                                                                    2,679              3,280
      Amortisation charge of intangible assets (Note 19)                                                         2,909              2,598
      Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment (Note 17)                                       2,083,686           1,932,268
      Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note 18)                                                      87,007            90,542
      Employee benefit expenses (including directors’ emoluments) (Note 8)                                 1,135,996           1,279,812
      Cost of inventories (Note 20)                                                                      12,141,327          13,782,576
      Other direct operating costs of solar farms                                                            103,763              97,944
      Construction contracts costs                                                                              20,005            13,047
      Net impairment losses on inventories (Note (i))                                                           21,360           159,330
      Losses from production suspension                                                                         25,771            15,805
      Payments in relation to short term leases of land and buildings (Note 18)                                  3,130              3,401
      Transportation costs                                                                                   872,034             766,932
      Research and development expenditures                                                                  595,682             635,635
      Tax and levies                                                                                         240,748             165,845
      Other expenses                                                                                         174,706             252,742

                                                                                                         17,510,803          19,201,757


      Note:

      (i)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recognised net impairment of inventories totalling RMB21,360,000 (2024:
              RMB159,330,000) in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, which comprises provision for impairment of RMB21,270,000
              (2024: RMB162,428,000) made based on net realisable value of the inventories, and provision for impairment of RMB90,000 (2024:
              reversal of previously made impairment of RMB3,098,000) made based on aging of the inventories.




118   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
8.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

     Wages and salaries                                                                            997,121          1,134,658
     Retirement benefit - defined contribution plans                                               121,646            140,824
     Share options granted to employees                                                             17,229              4,330

                                                                                                 1,135,996          1,279,812


     The Group participates in a Mandatory Provident Fund scheme (the “MPF scheme”) in accordance with the Mandatory
     Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance of Hong Kong. These plans are funded by contributions from employees and by the
     Group and the Group’s contributions to the plans are expensed as incurred. No forfeited contribution is available to reduce
     the contribution payable in future year. The assets are held separately from those of the Group and managed by related
     independent professional fund managers.

     The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC, Malaysia and Indonesia also participate in defined contribution retirement schemes
     covering its employees in the PRC, Malaysia and Indonesia. The schemes are administered by the relevant government
     authorities or statutory bodies in the PRC, Malaysia and Indonesia. The Group and the eligible employees are required
     to make contributions based on certain percentages of the applicable payroll costs as stipulated under the requirements
     in the relevant countries. The subsidiaries there have no other legal or constructive obligation apart from the required
     contributions under the scheme.

     During the year ended 31 December 2025, no forfeited contributions were utilised by the Group to reduce its contribution
     for the current year (2024: nil). As at 31 December 2025, no forfeited contribution was available to reduce the
     contribution payable in future years.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED    119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




8.    EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)

      Five highest paid individuals
      The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group include three (2024: four) directors whose
      emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in Note 9. The emoluments payable to the remaining two (2024: one)
      individual during the year are as follows:

                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

      Basic salaries, bonus, other allowances and benefits                                     8,165            6,027
      Retirement benefits - defined contribution scheme                                           40               17
      Share options granted                                                                     641                —

                                                                                               8,846            6,044


      The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                          Number of individuals
                                                                                               2025             2024

      Emolument bands
      HK$3,000,001 – HK$4,000,000                                                                 1                —
      HK$4,000,001 – HK$5,000,000                                                                 1                —
      HK$6,000,001 – HK$7,000,000                                                                 —                1

                                                                                                   2                1




120   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
9.   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS

     (a) Directors’ emoluments
         The remuneration of every director is set out below:

         For the year ended 31 December 2025:

                                                                                                                    Other
                                                                                                              emoluments
                                                                                                Employer’s      in respect
                                                                                               contribution         of the
                                                                               Allowances              to a   management
                                                             Discretionary    and benefits      retirement          of the
                                                                 bonuses           in kind          benefit    Company’s
         Name of directors               Fees       Salary      (Note (ii))     (Note (iii))       scheme      subsidiaries     Total
         (Note (i))                   RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

         LEE Yin Yee (Note (iv))           —            —               —                —              —               —          —
         TUNG Ching Sai (Note (iv))        —            —               —                —              —               —          —
         LEE Shing Put                    277           —           5,523                —              17           4,085      9,902
         LEE Yau Ching                    277           —           1,020                —               1             210      1,508
         LI Man Yin                       277           —           1,047                —              —            1,222      2,546
         CHU Charn Fai                    277           —           1,460              608              17           1,422      3,784
         LO Wan Sing, Vincent             277           —               —                —              —               —         277
         KAN E-ting, Martin               277           —               —                —              —               —         277
         LEONG Chong Peng                 277           —               —                —              —               —         277

         Total                          1,939           —           9,050              608              35           6,939     18,571




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED          121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




9.    BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

      (a) Directors’ emoluments (Continued)
            The remuneration of every director is set out below: (continued)

            For the year ended 31 December 2024:

                                                                                                                          Other
                                                                                                                    emoluments
                                                                                                      Employer’s      in respect
                                                                                                     contribution         of the
                                                                                     Allowances              to a   management
                                                                   Discretionary    and benefits      retirement          of the
                                                         Salary        bonuses           in kind          benefit    Company’s
            Name of directors               Fees     (Note (vi))      (Note (ii))     (Note (iii))       scheme      subsidiaries      Total
            (Note (i))                   RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

            LEE Yin Yee (Note (iv))           —              —                —                —              —               —          —
            TUNG Ching Sai (Note (iv))        —              —                —                —              —               —          —
            LEE Shing Put (Note (v))         277             —            7,378                —              12          3,361      11,028
            LEE Yau Ching (Note (v))         277             —            3,733                —               5            427       4,442
            LI Man Yin                       277             —            1,486                —              —           1,635       3,398
            CHU Charn Fai                    277             —            1,450              195              16          1,405       3,343
            LO Wan Sing, Vincent             277             —                —                —              —               —         277
            KAN E-ting, Martin               277             —                —                —              —               —         277
            LEONG Chong Peng                 277             —                —                —              —               —         277

            Total                          1,939             —          14,047               195              33          6,828      23,042




122   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
9.   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

     (a) Directors’ emoluments (Continued)
         The remuneration of every director is set out below: (continued)

         Notes:

         (i)      The remuneration shown above represents remuneration received/receivable from the Group by these directors in their
                  capacity as employees to the Group.

         (ii)     The discretionary bonus is determined with reference to the operating results of the Group, individual performance and
                  comparable market statistics during the respective years.

         (iii)    The allowances and benefits in kind include housing allowances and estimated money value of share options.

         (iv)     Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. waived emoluments of RMB277,000 (2024:
                  RMB277,000) and RMB277,000 (2024: RMB277,000) respectively for the year. Except these, no directors waived or agreed
                  to waive any emoluments for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024. No incentive payment for joining the Group or
                  compensation for loss of office was paid or payable to any directors during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

         (v)      On 1 April 2024, Mr. LEE Yau Ching, the executive Director, resigned as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and
                  Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S., the executive Director and Vice Chairman of the Company, was appointed as the Chief Executive
                  Officer of the Company. The remuneration disclosed above include those for services rendered by Mr. LEE Shing Put, B.B.S.
                  and Mr. LEE Yau Ching, respectively as the Chief Executive Officer.

         (vi)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, none of the directors of the Company received any salary (2024: same).

         (vii)    Aggregate emoluments paid to or receivable by directors in respect of their services as directors, whether of the Company or
                  its subsidiary undertaking is RMB1,939,000 (2024: RMB1,939,000).

         (viii)   Aggregate emoluments paid to or receivable by directors in respect of their other services in connection with the
                  management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking is RMB16,632,000 (2024: RMB21,103,000).




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED          123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




9.    BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

      (b) Directors’ termination benefits
            None of the directors of the Company received termination benefits during the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024:
            same).


      (c)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services
            No consideration was provided by the Group to third party for making available services of directors during the year
            ended 31 December 2025 (2024: same).


      (d) Directors’ loans, quasi-loans and other dealings
            There is no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of the directors, their controlled bodies corporate by and
            connected entities with such directors during the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: same).


      (e) Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
            Except for those transactions disclosed in Note 37, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation
            to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material
            interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year (2024: same).


10. FINANCE INCOME AND COSTS

                                                                                                          2025               2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000

      Finance income
        Interest income from bank deposits                                                              18,336             23,279

      Finance costs
        Interest for lease liabilities (Note 18)                                                        57,938             60,096
        Interest on borrowings                                                                         337,774            447,496

                                                                                                       395,712            507,592
        Less: Amounts capitalised on qualifying assets (Note 17)                                       (56,010)            (75,485)

                                                                                                       339,702            432,107




124   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

   (a)   Taxation in the consolidated statement of profit or loss represents:

                                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000

         Current income tax
                – PRC corporate income tax (“CIT”) (Note (iii))                                               468,345             453,155
                – Overseas income tax (Note (iv))                                                             120,982                7,724
                – PRC withholding tax                                                                            5,802              84,457
                – Underprovision in prior years                                                                10,245               39,729

                                                                                                              605,374             585,065
         Deferred tax (Note (iv), Note 31)                                                                   (113,112)             (58,838)

         Income tax expense                                                                                   492,262             526,227


         Notes:


         (i)       The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies
                   Law, Cap.22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands and, accordingly, is exempted from
                   payment of the Cayman Islands income tax.


         (ii)      Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the two-tiered rate of 8.25% (2024: 8.25%) for the first HK$2 million of the
                   estimated assessable profits for one of the Group’s subsidiaries in Hong Kong and 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) on the remaining
                   estimated assessable profits for the year.


         (iii)     The applicable CIT rate for the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC is 25% except that:


                   —     As at 31 December 2025, three subsidiaries engaging in solar glass business (2024: three) and a subsidiary engaging
                         in renewable energy business (2024: one) are qualified as “High and New Technology Enterprise” and can enjoy a
                         preferential CIT rate of 15% (2024: 15%).


                   —     As at 31 December 2025, two subsidiaries engaging in solar glass business (2024: two), a subsidiary engaging
                         in renewable energy business (2024: one), a subsidiary engaging in mining products business (2024: one) and a
                         subsidiary engaging in silicon products business (2024: one) (together as “Encouraged Subsidiaries”) are qualified as
                         “Encouraged Enterprise” in the Catalogue of Industries Encouraged for Foreign Investment in Central and Western
                         Region and can enjoy a preferential CIT rate of 15% (2024: 15%). Three of the Encouraged Subsidiaries (2024: three)
                         in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region can enjoy a reduced CIT rate of 9% for five years, starting from their first
                         revenue-generating year.


                   —     Subsidiaries engaging in the operation and management of solar and wind farms are fully exempted from the CIT for
                         three years starting from its first year of revenue generation, followed by 50% reduction in CIT in next three years.
                         However, their government grants and insurance claims received are subject to the CIT rate of 25% (2024: 25%).




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED         125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

      (a) (Continued)
            Notes: (Continued)


            (iv)   Taxation on overseas profits mainly include Malaysia income tax which has been calculated on the estimated assessable
                   profits for the year at the standard Malaysia corporate income tax rates of 24% (2024: 24%). The Group’s subsidiary in
                   Malaysia is entitled to Investment Tax Allowance (“ITA”) on qualifying capital expenditures incurred during the eligible period,
                   which can be offset against its assessable profits, subject to the fulfilment of certain specified conditions (“ITA Conditions”).
                   Since all ITA conditions have been satisfied since the year ended 31 December 2024, a deferred tax asset of RMB5,393,000
                   (2024: RMB30,628,000) has been recognised to the extent that future taxable profits are available to utilise the ITA as at 31
                   December 2025.


      (b) Pillar Two income tax
            The Group falls within the scope of the Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (“Pillar Two Model Rules”) issued by
            the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, with subsidiaries operating in some jurisdictions that
            have legislated domestic Pillar Two income tax requirements in alignment with this framework.

            The Group’s earnings are subject to domestic minimum top-up taxes in Malaysia and Indonesia (effective from 1
            January 2025) and Canada (since 1 January 2024). From 1 January 2025, the Group is also liable to Pillar Two income
            taxes under the Hong Kong Inland Revenue (Amendment) (Minimum Tax for Multinational Enterprise Groups)
            Ordinance 2025 in respect of its earnings, whereas Mainland China has not yet enacted Pillar Two legislation.

            The Group has assessed its potential Pillar Two income tax exposure in these jurisdictions based on the information
            available regarding the financial performance of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025. Based on the
            assessment, the Group’s effective tax rates in the above jurisdictions in which it operates are generally above 15%
            and the directors of the Company are not currently aware of any circumstances under which they might change.
            Therefore, the Group expects that any potential exposure to Pillar Two top-up taxes will be immaterial.




126   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

    The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the weighted
    average tax rate applicable to profits of the consolidated entities as follows:

                                                                                                                2025                2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

    Profit before income tax                                                                              1,151,831           1,935,298

    Tax calculated at the statutory tax rates applicable to
      the jurisdictions concerned                                                                           298,114             573,910
    Tax impact on share of results of investments accounted for
      using the equity method                                                                                 (2,034)              (2,888)
    Effect of preferential tax rates on income of certain PRC subsidiaries                                   (38,896)           (206,916)
    Income not subject to tax                                                                                (21,663)              (6,027)
    Effect of additional tax deduction enacted by tax authorities (Note)                                     (36,838)            (25,660)
    Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                                277,532               54,622
    PRC withholding Tax                                                                                        5,802              99,457
    Adjustments for current tax of prior periods                                                             10,245               39,729

    Income tax expense                                                                                      492,262             526,227


    Note:


    Additional tax deduction mainly represents research and development tax credit. Companies within the group are entitled to claim special
    tax deductions for investments in qualifying expenditure under the Research and Development Tax Incentive regime. The Group accounts
    for these allowances as tax credits, which means that the allowance reduces income tax payable and current tax expense.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED          127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




12. EARNINGS PER SHARE

      (a) Basic
            Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the
            weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                                        2025               2024

            Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (RMB’000)                           844,525         1,008,233
            Weighted average number of shares in issue (thousands)                                 9,094,046         8,944,137
            Basic earnings per share (RMB cents)                                                         9.29             11.27



      (b) Diluted
            Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to
            assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company’s dilutive potential ordinary shares comprise
            of share options.

            No adjustment has been made to the basic earnings per share amounts presented for the years ended 31 December
            2025 and 2024 in respect of a dilution as the exercise price of the share options granted was higher than the
            average market price of the Company’s share price during the years.

            Share options granted by a subsidiary of the Group, Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”) during the year
            ended 31 December 2025 has dilution impact on earnings per share (2024: no dilution impact).

            Calculations of diluted earnings per share:

                                                                                                        2025               2024

            Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company,
              used in the basic earnings per share calculations (RMB’000)                            844,525         1,008,233
            Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares arising from adjustments
              to the share of profit of Xinyi Energy based on
              dilution of its earnings per share (RMB’000)                                                 (5)                —

            Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company,
              used in the diluted earnings per share calculations (RMB’000)                          844,520         1,008,233
            Weighted average number of shares in issue (thousands)                                 9,094,046         8,944,137
            Diluted earnings per share (RMB cents)                                                       9.29             11.27




128   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
13. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                                 2025                2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000

   Interim dividend of 4.2 HK cents (2024: 10.0 HK cents) per share (Note (a))                               349,114             827,585
   Proposed final dividend of 0.8 HK cents (2024: nil) per share (Note (b))                                    65,822                   —


   Notes:


   (a)      An interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2025 of 4.2 HK cents (2024: 10.0 HK cents) per share was partially paid in
            cash and partially settled by shares in respect of scrip dividend to shareholders whose names appeared on the Register of Members
            of the Company on 20 August 2025 (2024: 19 August 2024).


   (b)      A final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2025 of 0.8 HK cents per share (2024: nil), amounting to a total
            dividend of HK$73,176,000 (equivalent to RMB65,822,000) (2024: nil) is to be proposed at the forthcoming annual general
            meeting (“AGM”). The amount of 2025 proposed final dividend is based on 9,147,043,615 shares in issue as at 31 December
            2025. These consolidated financial statements do not reflect the proposed final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2025.


14. SUBSIDIARIES

   Details of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                                                               Proportion
                                                                                                              Proportion      of ordinary
                                                                                                              of ordinary     shares held
                                                                                                                    shares        by non-
                                    Place of                Principal activities                                  held by      controlling
                                    incorporation and       and place of             Particulars of            the Group          interest
   Name                             kind of legal entity    operation                issued share capital               (%)             (%)

   Xinyi Solar (Hong Kong)          Hong Kong, limited      Investment holding       200 ordinary shares         100.00%                —
     Limited                        liability company       and trading of solar     of HK$1 each
                                                            glass products

   Xinyi PV Products (Anhui)        The PRC, limited        Manufacturing of         Registered and              100.00%                —
     Holdings Limited               liability company       solar glass in the PRC   paid-up capital of
                                                                                     US$438,000,000

   Xinyi Solar (Malaysia)           Malaysia, limited       Manufacturing of         Authorised and              100.00%                —
     Sdn Bhd                        liability company       solar glass in Malaysia paid-up capital of
                                                                                     20,000,000 ordinary
                                                                                     shares of MYR1 each




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED          129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




14. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

      Details of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2025 are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                                                Proportion
                                                                                                                  Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                  of ordinary   shares held
                                                                                                                      shares       by non-
                                     Place of                     Principal activities                               held by    controlling
                                     incorporation and            and place of             Particulars of         the Group        interest
      Name                           kind of legal entity         operation                issued share capital           (%)           (%)

      Xinyi Energy (Note (a))        The British Virgin           Investment holding       8,376,653,757             50.75%        49.25%
                                     Islands, limited liability                            ordinary shares of
                                     company                                               HK$0.01 each

      Xinyi PV Products              The PRC, limited             Manufacturing of         Registered and           100.00%             —
        (Guangxi) Limited            liability company            solar glass in the PRC   paid-up capital of
                                                                                           US$38,000,000

      Xinyi Solar (Suzhou) Limited   The PRC, limited             Manufacturing of         Registered and           100.00%             —
                                     liability company            solar glass in the PRC   paid-up capital of
                                                                                           US$300,000,000

      Xinyi PV Glass Holdings        The PRC, limited             Trading of solar glass   Registered and           100.00%             —
        (Anhui) Limited              liability company            products                 paid-up capital of
                                                                                           RMB100,000,000

      Lu’an Xinyi Renewable          The PRC, limited             Management and           Registered and            50.75%        49.25%
        Energy Limited (Note (a))    liability company            operation of solar       paid-up capital of
                                                                  farm in the PRC          RMB300,000,000

      Hong’an Xinyi Renewable        The PRC, limited             Management and           Registered and            50.75%        49.25%
        Energy Limited (Note (a))    liability company            operation of solar       paid-up capital of
                                                                  farm in the PRC          US$35,000,000

      Xinyi Solar (Wuhu)             The PRC, limited             Management and           Registered and            50.75%        49.25%
        Limited (Note (a))           liability company            operation of solar       paid-up capital of
                                                                  farm in the PRC          US$35,000,000

      Xinyi Renewable Energy         The PRC, limited             Management and           Registered and            50.75%        49.25%
        (Bozhou) Limited             liability company            operation of solar       paid-up capital of
        (Note (a))                                                farm in the PRC          US$35,000,000




130   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
14. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    Details of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2025 are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                                                         Proportion
                                                                                                           Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                           of ordinary   shares held
                                                                                                               shares       by non-
                                 Place of               Principal activities                                  held by    controlling
                                 incorporation and      and place of               Particulars of          the Group        interest
    Name                         kind of legal entity   operation                  issued share capital            (%)           (%)

    Xinyi Solar (Shouxian)       The PRC, limited       Management and             Registered and             50.75%        49.25%
      Limited (Note (a))         liability company      operation of solar         paid-up capital of
                                                        farm in the PRC            RMB215,000,000

    Xinyi Solar (Xiaochang)      The PRC, limited       Management and             Registered and             50.75%        49.25%
      Limited (Note (a))         liability company      operation of solar         paid-up capital of
                                                        farm in the PRC            US$32,700,000

    Xinyi Solar (Suiping)        The PRC, limited       Management and             Registered and             50.75%        49.25%
      Limited (Note (a))         liability company      operation of solar         paid-up capital of
                                                        farm in the PRC            RMB210,000,000

    Xinyi Renewable Energy       The PRC, limited       Management and             Registered and             50.75%        49.25%
       (Shouxian) Limited        liability company      operation of solar         paid-up capital of
       (Note (a))                                       farm in the PRC            US$35,000,000

    Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai)   The PRC, limited       Management and             Registered and             50.75%        49.25%
      Company Limited            liability company      operation of wind          paid-up capital of
      (Note (a))                                        farm in the PRC            RMB12,195,129

    Polaron Solartech            Canada, limited        Provision of solar         353,000 common             60.00%        40.00%
      Corporation (Note (a))     liability company      power systems in           shares
                                                        Canada

    Shuoyi Silicon               The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of           Registered capital of      52.00%        48.00%
      (Yunnan) Limited           liability company      polysilicon in the PRC     US$313,000,000 and
      (Note (a))                                                                   paid-up capital of
                                                                                   US$196,026,383




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED    131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




14. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

      Details of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2025 are as follows: (Continued)

      Notes:


      (a)      The Company indirectly holds the equity interest in these companies through layers of holding structures and has control over the
               board of directors of these companies who can make majority votes to decide the key financial and operating decisions of these
               companies. The proportion of equity interests as disclosed above represent the effective equity interests attributable to the Group.


      (b)      All subsidiaries listed in the above table are indirectly held by the Company.


      (c)      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the Directors, principally affected the results or assets
               of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the Directors, result in particulars of excessive length.


15. MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

      The total non-controlling interests as at 31 December 2025 is RMB5,104,516,000 (2024: RMB5,356,082,000), of which
      RMB5,755,496,000 (2024: RMB5,266,895,000) is attributable to Xinyi Energy Group.


      Significant restrictions
      As at 31 December 2025, funds of Xinyi Energy Group amounting to RMB862,427,000 (2024: RMB334,172,000),
      RMB3,207,000 (2024: RMB2,022,000) and RMB5,382,000 (2024: nil) were deposited in bank accounts opened with
      banks in the PRC, Malaysia and Japan, respectively where the remittance of funds is subject to foreign exchange control.
      The remaining funds of RMB88,108,000 (2024: RMB21,044,000) as at 31 December 2025 were deposited in reputable
      banks in Hong Kong.


      Summarised financial information on subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests
      Set out below are the summarised financial information of Xinyi Energy Group which has non-controlling interests that are
      material to the Group. See Note (a) below for transactions with non-controlling interests.




132   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
15. MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)

   Summarised financial position
                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

   Current
   Assets                                                                   5,609,528         4,941,122
   Liabilities                                                             (2,876,415)       (3,176,499)

   Total current net assets                                                 2,733,113         1,764,623

   Non-current
   Assets                                                                  16,664,192       16,523,826
   Liabilities                                                             (6,137,181)       (5,774,622)

   Total non-current net assets                                            10,527,011       10,749,204

   Net assets                                                              13,260,124       12,513,827



   Summarised profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

   Revenue                                                                  2,453,308         2,440,447

   Profit before income tax                                                 1,323,893         1,183,078
   Income tax expense                                                        (304,300)         (374,036)

   Profit after income tax                                                  1,019,593           809,042
   Other comprehensive gain/(loss)                                             19,746          (138,335)

   Total comprehensive income for the year                                  1,039,339           670,707

   Profit allocated to non-controlling interests                              501,108           400,083

   Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                 73,168           140,039




                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




15. MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)

      Summarised cash flow statement
                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

      Net cash generated from operating activities                                          1,651,044          956,244
      Net cash used in investing activities                                                  (655,376)       (2,295,979)
      Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                                 (398,383)       1,104,891

      Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                    597,285          (234,844)


      The above information represent the amounts before intercompany eliminations.


      Reconciliation of summarised financial information
      Reconciliation of the summarised financial information presented to the carrying amount of material non-controlling
      interests.

                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

      Net assets at 1 January                                                              12,513,827       12,143,871
      Total comprehensive income for the year                                               1,039,339          670,707
      Employees’ share option scheme                                                            1,192              (440)
      Issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend                                         136,796           85,205
      Dividend
      – 2024 final dividend (2024: 2023 final dividend)                                      (207,398)         (198,721)
      – 2025 interim dividend (2024: 2024 interim dividend)                                  (224,355)         (177,750)
      Acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary                                            —            (9,045)
      Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                                         723                —

      Net assets at 31 December                                                            13,260,124       12,513,827

      Non-controlling interests                                                               49.25%            48.38%

      Carrying value before elimination of unrealised profit                                6,530,611        6,054,190
      Elimination of the fair value adjustment attributable to non-controlling interests     (775,115)         (787,295)

      Carrying value                                                                        5,755,496        5,266,895




134   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
15. MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)

   (a) Transactions with non-controlling interests
       Change of equity interest in Xinyi Energy
       The table below sets forth the cash dividends and scrip shares received by Xinyi Power (BVI) Limited (“Xinyi Power”),
       a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, in relation to the final dividend distribution for the year ended 31
       December 2024 and interim dividend distribution for the six months ended 30 June 2025 by Xinyi Energy (“XYE
       Dividend Settlement”). As a result of the XYE Dividend Settlement, the Company’s indirect interest in Xinyi Energy
       decreased from 51.62% to 50.75% during the year ended 31 December 2025.

                                                                                                          Other
                                                                                              shareholders of
                                                                            Xinyi Power             Xinyi Energy               Total

       Cash received (RMB’000)
       – Final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2024                      107,049                 32,917             139,966
       – Interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2025                  114,815                 40,251             155,066

       Scrip shares received (’000)
       – Final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2024                               —              76,582              76,582
       – Interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2025                           —              66,476              66,476



       Disposal of Solar Farms to Xinyi Energy
       During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group completed the disposal of the below solar farm projects to
       Xinyi Energy (“Solar Farm Disposal”). The disposals were made pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Solar
       Farm Agreement dated 5 December 2018, 28 February 2024 and supplemental agreement entered into between
       the Company and Xinyi Energy and in accordance with the business delineation between Xinyi Solar as a solar farm
       developer and Xinyi Energy as a solar farm operator.

                                                                           % of equity                                     Approved
                                                                          interest held                        Cash    grid-connected
                                                                       Before       Immediately        consideration         capacity
       Date of disposal   Company                                     disposal     after disposal       RMB million              MW

       March 2025         Wuhu Xintu Renewable Energy Limited           100%              51.62%                14.8              30
       December 2025      Xinjie Solar (Wuhu) Limited (Note)            100%              50.75%                29.8             100
       December 2025      Xinyun Renewable Energy                       100%              50.75%                35.5             100
                            (Yunfu) Limited


       Note: Xinjie Solar (Wuhu) Limited holds a 100% equity interest in Kaiping City Ruide Renewable Energy Limited, which owns and
             operates a solar farm with an approved grid-connected capacity of 100 megawatts (“MW”), located in Kaiping County,
             Guangdong Province, PRC.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED          135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




15. MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)

      (a) Transactions with non-controlling interests (Continued)
           Disposal of Solar Farms to Xinyi Energy (Continued)
            The effect of the above transactions with non-controlling interests on the equity attributable to equity holders of the
            Company during the year ended 31 December 2025 is summarised as follows:

                                                                              XYE Dividend          Solar Farm
                                                                                Settlement            Disposal              Total
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000

            (Decrease)/Increase in equity attributable to equity
              holders of the Company                                                (29,069)            21,420             (7,649)
            Increase/(Decrease) in non-controlling interests                         29,069            (27,993)             1,076

            Decrease in total equity                                                     —              (6,573)            (6,573)


            The Group had certain transactions with non-controlling interests during the year ended 31 December 2024, further
            information on which is set forth in the annual report of the Company dated 28 February 2025.


16 INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD

                                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      At 1 January                                                                                    244,455           313,737
      Capital injection                                                                                     —                672
      Recognition of an investment accounted for using the equity method
        upon partial disposal of interests in a subsidiary (Note 32(a))                               494,410                  —
      Dividend received and receivable                                                                      —            (88,980)
      Share of results                                                                                 14,367             17,411
      Currency translation differences                                                                 (1,703)             1,615

      At 31 December                                                                                  751,529           244,455




136   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
16 INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD (Continued)

   Particulars of the material investments accounted for using the equity method are as follows:

                                                                                                         % of
                                                                                                   ownership
                                                                                                      interest         Carrying amount
                                          Place of business/                                      attributable          2025             2024
   Name of entity                         incorporation            Principal activities          to the Group       RMB’000         RMB’000

   Associates

   Xinyi Solar (Tianjin) Limited          Tianjin, the PRC         Management and operation of          49%*         495,061               —
       (“Xinyi Solar (Tianjin)”)                                     solar farm

   Ultimate Luck Global Limited (Note)    British Virgin Islands   Investment holding                    40%          32,262         46,998

   Joint ventures

   Xinyi Solar (Lu’an) Company Limited    Anhui Province,          Management and operation of           50%         224,155        196,830
       (“Xinyi Solar (Lu’an)”)              the PRC                  solar farm

   Parkland Renewable Energy Sdn. Bhd.    Malaysia                 Management and operation of          40%*              51             627
       (“Parkland Renewable”)                                        solar farms


   *        As at 31 December 2025. the equity interests were held indirectly through a non-wholly owned subsidiary, in which the Company
            had a 50.75% (2024: 51.62%) ownership.

   Note: Ultimate Luck Global Limited holds a 100% equity interest in Cheer Wise Investments Limited. Cheer Wise Investments Limited is a
            limited liability company incorporated in Hong Kong and is principally engaged in the property and car parks holding.

   Entities set forth above are private companies and there is no quoted market price available for their shares.

   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, there are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interest in the entities set
   forth above.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED      137
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




16 INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD (Continued)

      Summarised financial information on material associate
      Xinyi Solar (Tianjin), the carrying amount of which is material to the Group, is accounted for as an investment accounted
      for using the equity method of the Group. Set out below is the summarised financial information of Xinyi Solar (Tianjin).

      Summarised financial position and reconciliation of summarised financial information

                                                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                                                                  RMB’000

      Current assets                                                                                                               338,702
      Non-current assets, excluding goodwill                                                                                       671,573
      Current liabilities                                                                                                         (147,169)
      Non-current liabilities                                                                                                           (492)

      Net assets                                                                                                                   862,614

      Reconciliation to the Group’s interest in the associate:
      Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                                                                              49%

      Group’s share of net assets of the associate, excluding goodwill                                                             422,681
      Goodwill                                                                                                                       72,380

      Carrying amount of the investment                                                                                            495,061


      Summarised profit or loss and other comprehensive income

                                                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                                                                  RMB’000

      Revenue since 20 December 2025 to 31 December 2025                                                                              4,397
      Profit after income tax since 20 December 2025 to 31 December 2025                                                              1,326
      Total comprehensive income since 20 December 2025 to 31 December 2025                                                           1,326


      Note:


      On 19 December 2025, the Group completed the disposal of 51% equity interests of Xinyi Solar (Tianjin) to Tianjin Binhai Construction
      Investment New Energy Company Limited (the “Disposal”). The Group’s equity interests in Xinyi Solar Tianjin decreased from 100% to
      49% following the Disposal. The Group lost control in Xinyi Solar Tianjin upon completion of the Disposal but retained the power to
      exercise significant influence over Xinyi Solar Tianjin. Therefore, Xinyi Solar Tianjin is regarded as an associate of the Company and is
      accounted for using the equity method since 20 December 2025.

      For the details of the partial disposal of Xinyi Solar (Tianjin), please refer to the Note 32(a).




138   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
17. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                      Freehold                 Plant and     Solar and        Office Construction
                                         land    Buildings    machinery     wind farms    equipment     in progress         Total
                                      RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

   At 1 January 2025
   Cost                               366,679    3,954,658    14,682,531    20,492,766       55,846      6,118,978    45,671,458
   Accumulated depreciation
     and impairment                         —     (418,937)   (4,891,059)   (4,173,597)      (20,080)           —      (9,503,673)

   Net book amount                    366,679    3,535,721     9,791,472    16,319,169       35,766      6,118,978    36,167,785

   Year ended 31 December 2025
   Opening net book amount            366,679    3,535,721     9,791,472    16,319,169       35,766      6,118,978    36,167,785
   Additions (Note (i))                     —      84,205        49,223        229,378        8,369      1,728,824     2,099,999
   Transfers                                —     367,802       276,990        656,801        3,841     (1,305,434)            —
   Government grants netted off             —           —       (296,209)           —             —             —       (296,209)
   Disposals                                —      (10,479)      (96,703)      (45,503)        (314)        (2,032)     (155,031)
   Disposal of subsidiaries                 —      (10,431)       (3,344)     (665,521)        (734)            —       (680,030)
   Depreciation charge                      —     (119,849)   (1,170,982)     (841,967)       (6,671)           —      (2,139,469)
   Currency translation differences     18,170     61,933        26,925          3,445          150        (17,510)       93,113
   Impairment losses (Note (ii))            —           —       (724,738)           —             —     (1,596,827)    (2,321,565)

   Closing net book amount            384,849    3,908,902     7,852,634    15,655,802       40,407      4,925,999    32,768,593

   At 31 December 2025
   Cost                               384,849    4,444,160    13,448,883    20,311,451       66,955      6,522,826    45,179,124
   Accumulated depreciation
     and impairment                         —     (535,258)   (5,596,249)   (4,655,649)      (26,548)   (1,596,827)   (12,410,531)

   Net book amount                    384,849    3,908,902     7,852,634    15,655,802       40,407      4,925,999    32,768,593




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED        139
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




17. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                         Freehold                  Plant and     Solar and       Office   Construction
                                            land     Buildings    machinery    wind farms    equipment     in progress        Total
                                         RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

      At 1 January 2024
      Cost                               329,514    2,691,528    11,491,296    18,646,179       39,910      7,160,780    40,359,207
      Accumulated depreciation                —      (320,824)   (3,285,638)   (3,426,471)     (15,603)            —     (7,048,536)

      Net book amount                    329,514    2,370,704     8,205,658    15,219,708       24,307      7,160,780    33,310,671

      Year ended 31 December 2024
      Opening net book amount            329,514    2,370,704     8,205,658    15,219,708       24,307      7,160,780    33,310,671
      Additions                           17,683      22,866       202,150         13,411        8,371      5,058,061     5,322,542
      Transfers                               —     1,222,691     3,042,084     1,842,009        7,666     (6,114,450)           —
      Government grants netted off            —            —        (48,000)           —            —              —        (48,000)
      Disposals                               —        (2,889)      (29,855)       (9,066)         (19)            —        (41,829)
      Depreciation charge                     —       (94,441)   (1,246,755)     (749,408)      (4,570)            —     (2,095,174)
      Currency translation differences    19,482      16,790         59,048         2,515           11         14,587      112,433
      Impairment losses (Note(ii))            —            —       (392,858)           —            —              —       (392,858)

      Closing net book amount            366,679    3,535,721     9,791,472    16,319,169       35,766      6,118,978    36,167,785

      At 31 December 2024
      Cost                               366,679    3,954,658    14,682,531    20,492,766       55,846      6,118,978    45,671,458
      Accumulated depreciation
        and impairment                        —      (418,937)   (4,891,059)   (4,173,597)     (20,080)            —     (9,503,673)

      Net book amount                    366,679    3,535,721     9,791,472    16,319,169       35,766      6,118,978    36,167,785




140   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
17. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                                                                                                       2025                  2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000

   Depreciation charged in consolidated statement of profit or loss:
          – Cost of sales                                                                                        2,055,132             1,905,097
          – Administrative and other operating expenses                                                              28,554               27,171

                                                                                                                 2,083,686             1,932,268

   Depreciation charges capitalised in inventories as at 31 December                                               253,218               197,435

   Depreciation of right-of-use assets capitalised in construction in progress (Note 18)                                   —                9,578


   Notes:

   (i)       Acquisition of wind farm project

             In December 2025, the Group completed the acquisition of 82% and 18% of the issued shares of Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai)
             Company Limited (“Jinzhai Wind Power”) from Xinyi Energy Smart (Wuhu) Company Limited and Anhui Xinyi Power Source
             Company Limited respectively for an aggregate consideration of RMB62.0 million. The principal asset of Jinzhai Wind Power is a
             wind farm located in Jinzhai City, Anhui Province with the approved power generating capacity of 64 MW. The acquisition did not
             constitute a business as defined in HKFRS 3 Business Combinations and was accounted for as an asset acquisition.

   (ii)      Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment

             For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group recognised impairment losses on property, plant and equipment totalling
             RMB2,321,565,000 (2024: RMB392,858,000). Of this amount, RMB724,738,000 (2024: RMB392,858,000) related to solar glass
             production lines and RMB1,596,827,000 (2024: nil) related to polysilicon manufacturing facilities.

             Solar glass production lines - In view of the supply-demand imbalance in the solar glass market and to more effectively control
             the operational risks (including inventory and accounts receivable levels), certain production facilities within the Group’s solar
             glass segment remained on standby or idle during the year. For such idle equipment, the Group has conducted regular reviews to
             assess the possibility of restarting operations, potential conversion, relocation, or alternative uses, in order to determine whether it
             is no longer viable for production. Impairment provisions are then recognised based on the results of impairment testing. During
             the year ended 31 December 2025, impairment losses of RMB724,738,000 (2024: RMB392,858,000) were recognised for these
             impaired assets. The impairment provision was determined based on the difference between the assets’ carrying amounts and their
             recoverable amounts. The recoverable amounts — estimated using quotes from independent third parties or historical sales prices
             of comparable assets — typically ranged between 0% and 10% of the original cost.

             Polysilicon manufacturing facilities - As of 31 December 2025, the construction of the Group’s polysilicon manufacturing
             base in Yunnan Province, the PRC had been substantially completed, although certain testing and acceptance procedures
             remained outstanding before operations could commence. Given that industry production capacity significantly exceeds demand
             and polysilicon prices have remained depressed for a prolonged period, the Group performed an impairment test on the asset
             group of its polysilicon production facilities (“CGU”), which belonged to the other segment and with a carrying amount of
             RMB4,269,827,000 at 31 December 2025.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED             141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




17. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (ii)   Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment (Continued)

             The recoverable amount of the CGU was determined to be RMB2,673,000,000, based on a value in use calculation. This calculation
             incorporated cash flow projections prepared by management and a discounted cash flow model developed by an independent
             professional valuer.

             As a result of the impairment test, the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment within the other segment was reduced
             by RMB1,596,827,000 (2024: Nil). The impairment loss was recognised under “Impairment losses on property, plant and
             equipment” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. As the CGU is held through a non-wholly owned subsidiary in which
             the Company has a 52% equity interest, the impact on profit attributable to equity holders of the Company, after deducting the
             48% attributable to non-controlling interests, was RMB830,350,000 (2024: nil).

             Key variables incorporated in estimating future cash flows included product pricing, projected revenue growth rates, and applicable
             discount rates. The recoverable amount was determined using revenue growth rates of 2% to 5% for the initial five years of
             normal production volume, a long-term revenue growth rate of 2%, and a pre-tax discount rate of 10.3%. Further derails
             regarding the valuation methodology, key inputs and assumptions applied in the impairment testing are disclosed in note 39.

      During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounted to RMB56,010,000 (2024:
      RMB75,485,000) on qualifying assets (Note 10). Borrowing costs were capitalised at the weighted average rate of its
      general borrowings of 2.21% (2024: 4.66%).


      Accounting policy of depreciation methods and useful lives
      Construction in progress represents buildings, solar and wind power electricity generating equipment and plants
      (“Solar and Wind Farms”) and other equipment on which construction work has not been completed and which, upon
      completion, management intends to hold for generation of electricity income or solar glass production purposes.
      Construction in progress is carried at cost which includes development and construction expenditures incurred and
      interest and other direct costs attributable to the development less any accumulated impairment losses. On completion,
      construction in progress is transferred to appropriate categories of property, plant and equipment.

      Depreciation of completed Solar and Wind Farms commences when the Solar and Wind Farms are successfully connected
      to grids and completed trial operation. Depreciation of other property, plant and equipment commences when the assets
      are ready for use.

      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs to their
      residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

      – Buildings                                                                                                          30 years
      – Plant and machinery                                                                                                5-20 years
      – Solar and wind farms                                                                                               20-25 years
      – Office equipment                                                                                                   3-7 years

      See note 43.7 for the other accounting policies relevant to property, plant and equipment.




142   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
18. LEASES

   This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.

   The Group’s right-of-use assets and lease liabilities mainly arise from lease of various land use rights for solar farm projects
   with lease terms of typically 20 to 30 years and solar glass factory with terms of 50 years. Lease terms are negotiated on
   an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any
   covenants, but leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.


   (a) Right-of-use assets
                                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000

         Right-of-use assets
         At 1 January                                                                              2,175,439          2,153,387
         Additions                                                                                   144,609            144,715
         Depreciation charge                                                                         (87,007)          (100,120)
         Derecognition of a subsidiary (Note 32(a))                                                  (28,372)                  —
         Early termination of lease                                                                    (9,744)           (12,942)
         Currency translation difference                                                               (3,743)            (9,601)

         At 31 December                                                                            2,191,182          2,175,439

         Analysed into:
         Leasehold land and land use rights                                                        2,156,872          2,129,032
         Leases of factory, office premises and warehouses                                              5,418            15,682
         Leases of rooftops                                                                           28,892             30,725

                                                                                                   2,191,182          2,175,439




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED       143
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




18. LEASES (Continued)

      (b) Lease liabilities
            The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000

            Lease liabilities
            At 1 January                                                                              903,341              920,751
            Principal element of lease payments                                                        (61,273)             (57,590)
            Interest paid                                                                              (39,104)             (46,029)
            Additions                                                                                 134,923               43,342
            Interest for lease liabilities (Note 10)                                                   57,938               60,096
            Derecognition of a subsidiary (Note 32(a))                                                 (35,277)                  —
            Early termination of lease                                                                 (11,046)             (13,695)
            Currency translation difference                                                              1,890               (3,534)

            At 31 December                                                                            951,392              903,341

            Analysed into:
            Current                                                                                    63,660               71,716
            Non-current                                                                               887,732              831,625

                                                                                                      951,392              903,341



      (c)   The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000

            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                        87,007              100,120
            Less: Depreciation capitalised in construction in progress (Note 17)                             —               (9,578)

            Depreciation of right-of-use assets charged in profit or loss (Note 7)                     87,007               90,542
            Interest for lease liabilities (Note 10)                                                   57,938               60,096
            Payments in relation to short-term leases of land and buildings (Note 7)                     3,130               3,401
            Gains on early termination of lease (Note 6)                                                 (1,302)               (753)

            Total amount recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss                   146,773              153,286



      (d) The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 33(e) to the financial statements.




144   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
19. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                            Goodwill      Mining rights         Software              Total
                                            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

   At 1 January 2024
   Cost                                       11,372             12,174            11,321            34,867
   Accumulated amortisation                       —               (5,974)             (660)          (6,634)

   Net book amount                            11,372              6,200            10,661            28,233

   Year ended 31 December 2024
   Opening net book amount                    11,372              6,200            10,661            28,233
   Additions                                      —                   —             3,711             3,711
   Amortisation charge (Note 7)                   —               (1,353)           (1,245)          (2,598)

   Closing net book amount                    11,372              4,847            13,127            29,346

   At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025
   Cost                                       11,372             12,174            15,032            38,578
   Accumulated amortisation                       —               (7,327)           (1,905)          (9,232)

   Net book amount                            11,372              4,847            13,127            29,346

   Year ended 31 December 2025
   Opening net book amount                    11,372              4,847            13,127            29,346
   Amortisation charge (Note 7)                   —               (1,353)           (1,556)          (2,909)

   Closing net book amount                    11,372              3,494            11,571            26,437

   At 31 December 2025
   Cost                                       11,372             12,174            15,032            38,578
   Accumulated amortisation                       —               (8,680)           (3,461)         (12,141)

   Net book amount                            11,372              3,494            11,571            26,437




                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   145
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




19. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

                                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Amortisation charged in consolidated statement of profit or loss:
        – Cost of sales                                                                                 1,353              1,353
        – Administrative and other operating expenses                                                   1,556              1,245

                                                                                                        2,909              2,598



20. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

      Raw materials                                                                                   639,203         1,015,193
      Work in progress                                                                                183,076           356,430
      Finished goods                                                                                  963,669         1,668,710

                                                                                                    1,785,948         3,040,333
      Less: Provision for impairment                                                                  (50,794)          (184,294)

                                                                                                    1,735,154         2,856,039


      The cost of inventories excluding manufacturing overheads, included in cost of sales amounted to approximately
      RMB12,141,327,000 (2024: RMB13,782,576,000).

      During the year ended 31 December 2025, provision for impairment of RMB21,270,000 (2024: RMB162,428,000) was
      made based on net realisable value of the inventories, and provision of impairment of RMB90,000 (2024: reversal of
      previously made impairment of RMB3,098,000) made based on aging of the inventories were recorded under cost of sales
      in the consolidated statement of profit or loss (Note 7(i)).


      Accounting policy of inventories
      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average
      method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs and
      related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). Cost includes the reclassification from equity of any
      gains or losses on qualifying cash flow hedges relating to purchases of raw material but excludes borrowing costs. Net
      realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and
      the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.




146   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
21. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

   Trade receivables (Note (a))                                                                 7,916,481         8,611,010
   Less: Loss allowance (Note (c))                                                                (79,820)          (69,646)

   Trade receivables, net                                                                       7,836,661         8,541,364

   Bills receivables at amortised cost (Note (b))                                               2,813,282         3,050,263
   Less: Loss allowance                                                                             (1,619)          (3,420)

   Bills receivables at amortised cost, net                                                     2,811,663         3,046,843

   Bills receivables at FVOCI (Note (d))                                                        1,118,858           280,756



   (a) Trade receivables
         Breakdown of gross trade receivables by segment is as follows:

                                                                            Renewable
                                                           Sales of              energy
                                                         solar glass           business      Unallocated              Total
                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

         At 31 December 2025
           Sales of solar glass                          3,001,213                    —                 —         3,001,213
           Sales of electricity                                  —              153,620                 —           153,620
           Tariff adjustment                                     —            4,751,186                 —         4,751,186
           Other service revenue                                 —                    —            10,462            10,462

         Total                                           3,001,213            4,904,806            10,462         7,916,481

         At 31 December 2024
           Sales of solar glass                          3,634,707                    —                 —         3,634,707
           Sales of electricity                                  —              211,257                 —           211,257
           Tariff adjustment                                     —            4,747,320                 —         4,747,320
           Other service revenue                                 —                    —            17,726            17,726

         Total                                           3,634,707            4,958,577            17,726         8,611,010




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   147
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




21. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)

      (a) Trade receivables (Continued)
            The credit terms granted by the Group to its customers in respect of sales of solar glass are generally from 30 to 90
            days.

            Receivables from sales of electricity were usually settled on a monthly basis by the state grid companies. Tariff
            adjustment receivables represented the government subsidies on renewable energy to be received from the state
            grid companies in accordance with the prevailing government policies.

            The ageing analysis of the gross trade receivables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000

            0 to 90 days                                                                              7,294,666      8,245,448
            91 days to 180 days                                                                        572,189         272,582
            181 days to 365 days                                                                        26,913          86,715
            1 to 2 years                                                                                17,421           3,512
            Over 2 years                                                                                 5,292           2,753

                                                                                                      7,916,481      8,611,010


            The ageing analysis of gross trade receivables of renewable energy business based on the Group’s revenue
            recognition policy is as follows:

                                                                                                          2025            2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000

            0 to 90 days                                                                               366,913         447,046
            91 days to 180 days                                                                        315,110         365,812
            181 days to 365 days                                                                       540,640         610,647
            1 to 2 years                                                                              1,114,366      1,018,719
            Over 2 years                                                                              2,567,777      2,516,353

                                                                                                      4,904,806      4,958,577


            The tariff adjustments were invoiced upon the funds received, therefore the tariff adjustments received based on
            invoice date were grouped into 0 to 90 days.




148   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
21. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (Continued)

    (a) Trade receivables (Continued)
          The carrying amounts of the gross trade receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                        2025            2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

          RMB                                                                                     7,106,176         8,306,741
          US$                                                                                       807,309          301,750
          Other currencies                                                                             2,996           2,519

                                                                                                  7,916,481         8,611,010



    (b) Bills receivables at amortised cost
          The maturity of bills receivables is within 1 year. As at 31 December 2025, bills receivables of RMB82,599,000 (2024:
          RMB82,189,000) was pledged as collaterals for obtaining letter of credit facilities in the PRC.

          Bill receivables of RMB363,775,000 (2024: RMB967,905,000) was transferred to banks for obtaining bank
          borrowings. The carrying amounts of bills receivables are denominated in RMB.

          Information about the loss allowance of bills receivables at amortised cost is provided in Note 3.1(b).


    (c)   Loss allowance of trade receivables
          The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected
          loss allowance for all trade receivables by segment. Information about the loss allowance of trade receivables is
          provided in Note 3.1(b).


    (d) Fair value of bills receivables at FVOCI
          As at 31 December 2025, bills receivables of nil (2024: RMB2,775,000) was pledged as collaterals for obtaining bank
          acceptance bill.

          Information about the methods and assumptions used in determining fair value is provided in Note 3.3.

          Information about the loss allowance of bills receivables at FVOCI is provided in Note 3.1(b).




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   149
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




22. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

      The Group has recognised the following assets and liabilities related to contracts with customers:

                                                                                                                        2025                  2024
                                                                                                  Note             RMB’000               RMB’000

      Contract assets relating to EPC services                                                     (a)                30,888                33,756
      Less: Provision for impairment                                                                                     (221)                 (435)

                                                                                                                      30,667                33,321

      Contract liabilities relating to sales of solar glass                                        (b)               (90,343)              (79,421)


      Notes:

      (a)      The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s rights to consideration for work completed but not billed at the reporting date.
               The contract assets are transferred to receivables when the rights become unconditional. The carrying amounts of contract assets
               approximate their fair values.

      (b)      The contract liabilities primarily relate to payments received in advance for sales of glass not yet delivered to customers. Revenue is
               recognised when goods are delivered to customers.

               For the year ended 31 December 2025, revenue recognised from the contract liability balance at the beginning of the year
               amounted to RMB79,421,000 (2024: RMB76,591,000) and no revenue was recognised (2024: nil) from performance obligations
               satisfied in prior years.




150   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
23. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000

   Prepayments                                                                                               763,251           783,781
   Deposits and other receivables (Note (a))                                                                  77,876            72,554
   Other tax receivables (Note (b))                                                                          908,904          1,056,030

                                                                                                           1,750,031          1,912,365
   Less: Non-current portion:
         Prepayments for land use rights and property, plant and equipment                                  (474,102)          (415,867)

   Current portion                                                                                         1,275,929          1,496,498
   Less: Loss allowance of deposits and other receivables                                                      (1,117)           (1,875)

                                                                                                           1,274,812          1,494,623


   Notes:

   (a)      The carrying amounts of the Group’s deposits and other receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                 2025              2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000

            RMB                                                                                                70,764            69,879
            Indonesian Rupesh (“IDR”)                                                                            4,128                534
            MYR                                                                                                    468                501
            Japanese Yen (“JPY”)                                                                                   317                 —
            Other currencies                                                                                     2,199            1,640

                                                                                                               77,876            72,554


   (b)      Other tax receivables mainly represent value added tax recoverable.

   (c)      The carrying amounts of deposits and other receivables approximate their fair values.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED    151
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




24. FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLES

      Future receivables under finance leases as lessor are as follows:

                                                                             2025        2024
                                                                          RMB’000     RMB’000

      Non-current receivables
        Finance leases - gross receivables                                238,480     266,380
        Unearned finance income                                            (82,891)    (96,878)

                                                                          155,589     169,502
        Less: Loss allowance                                                (5,480)     (1,528)

                                                                          150,109     167,974


      Current receivables
        Finance leases - gross receivables                                 27,420      27,543
        Unearned finance income                                            (14,758)    (15,553)

                                                                           12,662      11,990
        Less: Loss allowance                                                 (446)        (109)

                                                                           12,216      11,881


      Total                                                               162,325     179,855

      Gross receivables from finance leases:
        – No later than 1 year                                             27,420      27,543
        – Later than 1 year and no later than 2 years                      27,304      27,405
        – Later than 2 year and no later than 3 years                      27,148      27,289
        – Later than 3 year and no later than 4 years                      26,658      27,133
        – Later than 4 year and no later than 5 years                      26,468      26,645
        – Later than 5 years                                              130,902     157,908

                                                                          265,900     293,923
      Unearned future finance income on finance leases                     (97,649)   (112,431)

      Net investment in finance leases                                    168,251     181,492
      Less: Loss allowance                                                  (5,926)     (1,637)

      Total                                                               162,325     179,855




152   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
24. FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLES (Continued)


                                                                                                                    2025           2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000

    The net investment in finance leases before loss allowance
         may be analysed as follows:
         – No later than 1 year                                                                                  12,662          11,989
         – Later than 1 year and no later than 5 years                                                           59,349          56,435
         – Later than 5 years                                                                                    96,240         113,068

                                                                                                                168,251         181,492



25. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                                    2025           2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000

    Cash at bank                                                                                              4,986,210         821,492
    Cash on hand                                                                                                      49             114

    Cash and cash equivalents (Note (b))                                                                      4,986,259         821,606
    Restricted cash (Note (a))                                                                                   22,204          19,589
    Fixed deposits with maturity over three months (Note (c))                                                   149,000         131,338

    Cash and bank balances                                                                                    5,157,463         972,533


    Notes:

    a)       Restricted cash mainly includes pledged bank deposits. These deposits have a maturity of six months with interest rates ranged
             from 0.80% to 1.50% (2024: 1.48% to 1.95%) per annum and were pledged as collaterals for obtaining letter of credit facilities
             in the PRC.

    b)       As at 31 December 2025, funds of the Group amounting to RMB4,556,051,000, RMB192,825,000 and RMB39,898,000 (2024:
             RMB787,989,000, RMB110,053,000 and RMB4,662,000) were deposited in bank accounts opened with banks in the PRC,
             Malaysia and Indonesia respectively, where the remittance of funds is subject to foreign exchange control.

    c)       The fixed deposits have an original maturity ranging from 6 months to one year with interest rates ranging from 1.0% to 2.2%
             (2024: 1.5% to 1.65%) per annum.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED      153
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




25. CASH AND BANK BALANCES (Continued)

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s cash and bank balances are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

      RMB                                                                                      4,565,431           826,159
      HK$                                                                                         34,361            32,241
      US$                                                                                       251,781             77,849
      Canadian dollar (“CAD”)                                                                   225,100               5,289
      Other currencies                                                                            80,790            30,995

                                                                                               5,157,463           972,533



26. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                    2025                                2024
                                                          Number of           Ordinary        Number of            Ordinary
                                                            ordinary          shares of          ordinary          shares of
                                                              shares       HK$0.1 each             shares       HK$0.1 each
                                                                 ’000         HK$’000               ’000           HK$’000

      Authorised:
      At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024
        and 31 December 2025                              80,000,000         8,000,000       80,000,000           8,000,000

      Issued:
        At 1 January                                       9,078,447           738,830         8,903,251           723,002
            Issuance of shares under employees’
                share option scheme (Note 27(a))                   —                 —             6,641                612
            Issuance of shares in respect
                of scrip dividend
                – 2023 final dividend                              —                 —             2,285                212
                – 2025 and 2024 interim dividend              68,596             6,278          166,270             15,004

        At 31 December                                     9,147,043           745,108         9,078,447           738,830




154   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
27. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

   (a) Share option schemes of the Company
       In June 2014, the Company adopted a share option scheme (“2014 Share Option Scheme”), which expired on 5
       June 2024. Under the 2014 Share Option Scheme, the Company’s directors may, at their sole discretion, grant
       options to any employee of the Group to subscribe for shares of the Company at the highest of (i) the closing price
       of shares of the Company as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the day of the offer of
       grant; (ii) the average closing price of the shares of the Company as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation
       sheet for the five trading days immediately preceding the day of the offer of the grant; and (iii) the nominal value of
       shares. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable on acceptance of the grant of an option.

       The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the 2014 Share
       Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Company must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the
       shares in issue on the date of commencement of dealings in the shares of the Company on the Stock Exchange,
       unless the Company obtains further approval from the shareholders.

       Notwithstanding the above, the maximum number of shares to be issued upon the exercise of all outstanding
       options granted and yet to be exercised under the 2014 Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of
       the Company must not, in aggregate, exceed 30% of the relevant shares or securities of the Company in issue from
       time to time.

       Information in relation to the share options granted under the 2014 Share Option Scheme to a director of the
       Company and employees of the Group is as follows:

                                            Number of
                                         share options             Exercise
                                               granted                price
       Date of grant                           (Note 1)               (HK$)    Validity period          Expiry date

       31 March 2020                          8,589,000                4.39    31 March 2020 to         31 March 2024
                                                                    (Note 3)   31 March 2024

       31 March 2021                          9,885,500               12.99    31 March 2021 to         31 March 2025
                                                                    (Note 2)   31 March 2025

       31 March 2022                        17,753,500                13.82    31 March 2022 to         31 March 2026
                                                                    (Note 3)   31 March 2026

       31 March 2023                        16,161,000                 9.41    31 March 2023 to         31 March 2027
                                                                    (Note 3)   31 March 2027

       28 March 2024                        18,700,000                 6.15    28 March 2024 to         31 March 2028
                                                                    (Note 2)   31 March 2028




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED     155
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




27. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

      (a) Share option schemes of the Company (Continued)
            Notes:

            1.       One third of the options will vest on each of the year-end date within the three years after the date of the grant of the share
                     options.

            2.       The exercise prices of the share options are equal to the average closing price of the Company’s share for the five trading
                     days immediately preceding the respective dates of grant.

            3.       The exercise prices of the share options are equal to the closing price of the Company’s share on the date of grant.

            The Company has adopted a new share option scheme (the “2024 Share Option Scheme”) on 31 May 2024. Under
            the 2024 Share Option Scheme, the Company’s directors may, at their sole discretion, grant options to any employee
            participants, related entity participants and service provider participants of the Group to subscribe for shares of the
            Company at the higher of (a) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheet issued by the
            Stock Exchange on the date of grant, which must be a Business Day; and (b) the average closing price of the Shares
            as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five Business Days immediately preceding
            the date of grant. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable on acceptance of the grant of an option.

            The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the 2024 Share
            Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Company must not, in aggregate, exceed 890,989,183
            Shares, representing 10% of the total number of Shares issue as of the date of adoption of the 2024 Share Option
            Scheme (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”). Options lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2024 Share Option
            Scheme will not be regarded as utilised for the purpose of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit.

            Information in relation to the share options granted under the 2024 Share Option Scheme to a director of the
            Company and employees of the Group is as follows:

                                                        Number of
                                                     share options                Exercise
                                                            granted                   price
            Date of grant                                  (Note 1)                  (HK$)     Validity period              Expiry date

            28 March 2025                               17,050,000          3.19 (Note 2)      28 March 2025 to             31 March 2029
                                                                                               31 March 2029


            Notes:


            1.       One third of the options will vest on each of the year-end date within the three years after the date of the grant of the share
                     options.


            2.       The exercise prices of the share options are equal to the average closing price of the Company’s share for the five trading
                     days immediately preceding the respective dates of grant.




156   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
27. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

   (a) Share option schemes of the Company (Continued)
       Movements in the number of share options granted by the Company and their related weighted average exercise
       prices are as follows:

                                                               2025                                  2024
                                                        Average                               Average
                                                        exercise                              exercise
                                                       price per            Options           price per           Options
                                                     share (HK$) (in thousands)            share (HK$)      (in thousands)

       At 1 January                                        10.03             55,324             10.95             49,077
       Granted                                              3.19             17,050               6.15            18,700
       Forfeited                                            8.51              (6,093)           11.76              (5,803)
       Exercised                                             n/a                  —               4.39             (6,641)
       Expired                                             12.99              (8,823)             4.39                  (9)

       At 31 December                                       7.71             57,458             10.03             55,324


       During the year ended 31 December 2025, no options (2024: 6,641,000 options) were exercised and a total of
       6,093,000 options (2024: 5,803,000 options) were forfeited.

       Out of the above outstanding share options, 12,625,000 options (2024: 2024: 9,079,000 options) were exercisable
       at an exercise price of HK$13.82 per share (2024: HK$12.99 per share) at 31 December 2025.




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED    157
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




27. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

      (a) Share option schemes of the Company (Continued)
            These outstanding share options at the end of the year have the following expiry dates and exercise prices:

                                                                                   Exercise
                                                                              price in HK$         Options (in thousands)
            Expiry date                                                          per share              2025                2024

            31 March 2025                                                            12.99                 —               9,079
            31 March 2026                                                            13.82            12,625              13,600
            31 March 2027                                                             9.41            12,813              14,870
            31 March 2028                                                             6.15            15,493              17,775
            31 March 2029                                                             3.19            16,527                  —

                                                                                                      57,458              55,324


            The weighted average fair value of the share options granted during the year was determined using the Black-
            Scholes valuation model, which was performed by an independent valuer, Greater China Appraisal Limited, was
            approximately HK$0.78 (2024: HK$2.12) per option. The significant inputs into the model are as follows:

                                                                                                        2025                2024

            Share price, at the grant date (HK$)                                                         3.12               6.06
            Exercise price (HK$)                                                                         3.19               6.15
            Volatility (%)                                                                             53.88               56.73
            Dividend yield (%)                                                                           8.01               3.71
            Expected share option life (years)                                                           3.51               3.51
            Annual risk-free interest rate (%)                                                           2.94               3.40


            The volatility measured at the standard deviation of continuously compounded share returns is based on statistical
            analysis of daily share prices over the previous year. See Note 8 for the total expense recognised in the consolidated
            statement of profit or loss for share options granted to employees of the Group.




158   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
27. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

   (b) Share option scheme of a subsidiary
       Xinyi Energy, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, adopted a share option scheme (the “XYE Share Option
       Scheme”) in November 2018, which was approved by the shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting of Xinyi
       Energy held on 22 November 2018. The purpose of the XYE Share Option Scheme is to enable Xinyi Energy to grant
       options of Xinyi Energy (“XYE Share Options”) to eligible participants (“XYE Participants”) as incentives or rewards for
       their contribution or potential contribution to the XYE Group and to provide the XYE Participants an opportunity to
       have a personal stake in Xinyi Energy.

       Information in relation to the XYE Share Options granted to employees of the XYE Group is as follows:

                                                   Number of                 Exercise
                                                    XYE Share                    price
                                            Options granted                     (HK$)
       Date of grant                                   (Note 1)              (Note 2)      Validity period              Expiry date

       31 March 2021                                 2,480,000                    3.78     31 March 2021 to             31 March 2025
                                                                              (Note 3)     31 March 2025

       31 March 2022                                 2,780,500                    4.76     31 March 2022 to             31 March 2026
                                                                              (Note 3)     31 March 2026

       1 June 2023                                   4,000,000                    2.26     1 June 2023 to               31 March 2027
                                                                              (Note 2)     31 March 2027

       28 March 2024                                 3,500,000                    1.12     28 March 2024 to             31 March 2028
                                                                              (Note 2)     31 March 2028

       31 March 2025                                 3,500,000                    0.97     31 March 2025 to             31 March 2029
                                                                              (Note 2)     31 March 2029


       Notes:

       1.       One third of the XYE Share Options will vest on each of the year-end date within the three years after the date of the grant
                of the XYE Share Options.

       2.       The exercise prices of the XYE share options are equal to the average closing price of Xinyi Energy’s share for the five trading
                days immediately preceding the respective dates of grant.

       3.       The exercise prices of the XYE share options is equal to the closing price of the Xinyi Energy’s share on the date of grant.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED                159
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




28. SHARE PREMIUM AND OTHER RESERVES

                                                                                              Other reserves
                                                                                              Safety fund
                                              Share      Merger       Capital    Statutory         surplus       Share
                                          premium        reserve      reserve     reserves         reserve      option     Exchange
                                          (Note (a))   (Note (b))   (Note (c))   (Note (d))     (Note (e))      reserve     reserve    Sub-total         Total
                                          RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000

      Year ended 31 December
        2025
      Opening balance                     5,595,254     (167,596)   1,823,287    2,886,847         23,648       81,857      (94,862)   4,553,181    10,148,435
      Currency translation
        differences                              —            —            —            —               —            —       57,434      57,434        57,434
      Share of other comprehensive
        loss of investments
        accounted for using the
        equity method                            —            —            —            —               —            —       (1,703)      (1,703)       (1,703)
      Employees’ share
        option scheme:
        – value of employee services             —            —            —            —               —       17,536           —       17,536        17,536
        – release upon the lapse
          of share options                       —            —            —            —               —        (1,833)         —        (1,833)       (1,833)
      Issuance of shares in respect
        of scrip dividend of 2025
        interim dividend                   216,598            —            —            —               —            —           —            —       216,598
      Reclass of exchange reserves
        upon disposal of
        a subsidiary (Note 32)                   —            —            —            —               —            —       24,086      24,086        24,086
      Appropriation to
        statutory reserve                        —            —            —      178,218               —            —           —      178,218       178,218
      Net movement of safety fund
        surplus reserve                          —            —            —            —           7,898            —           —         7,898         7,898
      Transfer of reserves upon
        disposal of subsidiaries                 —            —            —      (109,817)         (3,348)          —           —      (113,165)     (113,165)
      Changes in ownership interest
        in subsidiaries without loss of
        control (Note 15)                        —            —        (7,649)          —               —            —           —        (7,649)       (7,649)

      Closing balance                     5,811,852     (167,596)   1,815,638    2,955,248         28,198       97,560      (15,045)   4,714,003    10,525,855




160   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
28. SHARE PREMIUM AND OTHER RESERVES (Continued)

                                                                                              Other reserves
                                                                                               Safety fund
                                            Share      Merger        Capital     Statutory         surplus       Share
                                        premium        reserve       reserve      reserves         reserve       option    Exchange
                                        (Note (a))   (Note (b))    (Note (c))   (Note (d))       (Note (e))     reserve      reserve    Sub-total        Total
                                        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000

   Year ended 31 December
     2024
   Opening balance                     6,294,092     (167,596)    1,679,972     2,698,027          13,285       83,185     (409,106)   3,897,767    10,191,859
   Currency translation differences            —            —             —            —                —            —     312,629      312,629       312,629
   Share of other comprehensive
     income of investments
     accounted for using the
     equity method                             —            —             —            —                —            —        1,615        1,615        1,615
   Employees’ share
     option scheme:
     – exercise of employees’
       share options                      32,480            —             —            —                —        (6,236)         —        (6,236)      26,244
     – value of employee services              —            —             —            —                —        4,908           —         4,908        4,908
   Issuance of shares in respect
     of scrip dividend of 2023
     final dividend and 2024
     interim dividend                    505,865            —             —            —                —            —           —            —       505,865
   Appropriation to
     statutory reserve                         —            —             —      188,820                —            —           —      188,820       188,820
   Net movement of safety fund
     surplus reserve                           —            —             —            —           10,363            —           —       10,363        10,363
   2023 final dividend                 (1,237,183)          —             —            —                —            —           —            —     (1,237,183)
   Acquisition of additional
     interest in a subsidiary                  —            —           695            —                —            —           —           695          695
   Changes in ownership interest
     in subsidiaries without loss of
     control                                   —            —      142,620             —                —            —           —      142,620       142,620

   Closing balance                     5,595,254     (167,596)    1,823,287     2,886,847          23,648       81,857      (94,862)   4,553,181    10,148,435




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED             161
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




28. SHARE PREMIUM AND OTHER RESERVES (Continued)

      (a) Share premium
            Share premium of the Company is available for distributions or paying dividends to the Shareholders, according to
            the provisions of the Articles of Association and the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands. When the Company
            issues shares, excess of net proceeds received over the par value of the shares are credited to the share premium.

            During the year ended 31 December 2025, no final dividend (2024: 2023 final dividend of RMB1,237,183,000) was
            paid out from share premium.

            Issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend of 2025 interim dividend was credited to the share premium by
            approximately RMB216,598,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025.

            Issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend of 2023 final dividend, issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend
            of 2024 interim dividend and net proceeds received from exercise of share options exceeded the par value of
            the issued shares were credited to the share premium by approximately RMB9,231,000, RMB496,634,000 and
            RMB32,480,000 respectively for the year ended 31 December 2024.


      (b) Merger reserve
            For the purpose of preparing for the initial listing of the shares of the Company on the Main Board of the Stock
            Exchange, the Group undertook a reorganisation (the “Reorganisation”) in 2011. Merger reserve represents the
            difference between the share capital and share premium issued by the Company for acquisition of the subsidiaries
            pursuant to the Reorganisation and the aggregate capital of the subsidiaries being acquired at the time of the
            Reorganisation.


      (c)   Capital reserve
            During the year ended 31 December 2025, a decrease in equity attributable to owners of the Company, amounting
            to RMB7,649,000, was debited to the capital reserve in relation to the transactions with non-controlling interests in
            Xinyi Energy. For more details, please refer to Note 15.

            During the year ended 31 December 2024, an increase in equity attributable to owners of the Company, amounting
            to RMB142,620,000, was credited to the capital reserve in relation to the transactions with non-controlling interests
            in Xinyi Energy. An increase in equity attributable to owners of the Company, amounting to RMB695,000, was
            credited to the capital reserve in relation to an acquisition of additional interest in a subsidiary.




162   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
28. SHARE PREMIUM AND OTHER RESERVES (Continued)

   (d) Statutory reserve
       Subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC are required to allocate 10% of the companies’ net profits to the statutory
       reserves fund until such fund reaches 50% of the companies’ registered capitals. The statutory reserves fund can be
       utilised, upon approval by the relevant authorities, to offset accumulated losses or to increase registered capital of
       the companies, provided that such fund is maintained at a minimum of 25% of the companies’ registered capitals.

       During the year ended 31 December 2025, the respective board of directors of certain PRC subsidiaries of the
       Group resolved to appropriate approximately RMB178,218,000 (2024: RMB188,820,000) from retained earnings
       to statutory reserve. Besides, the Group transferred statutory reserve of approximately RMB109,817,000 back to
       retained earnings upon the disposal of subsidiaries during the year.


   (e) Safety fund surplus reserve
       Pursuant to the relevant PRC laws and regulations, a subsidiary engaging in mining activities is required to establish
       a safety fund surplus reserve based on the volume of mine extracted and subsidiaries operating renewable energy
       generation business are required to establish safety fund surplus reserve based on the revenue from sales of
       electricity.

       The safety fund can only be transferred to retained earnings to offset safety related expenses as and when they
       are incurred, including expenses related to safety protection facilities and equipment maintenance as well as safety
       production inspection, consultation and training.

       During the year ended 31 December 2025, the net amount of appropriation to and utilisation of safety fund surplus
       reserve is RMB7,898,000 (2024: RMB10,363,000). Besides, the Group transferred approximately RMB3,348,000
       safety fund surplus reserve back to retained earnings upon the disposal of subsidiaries during the year.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED    163
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




29. TRADE, BILLS AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                        2025        2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000

      Trade payables (Note (a))                                                                     1,440,755   2,442,951
      Bills payables (Note (b))                                                                     1,187,670   1,035,623

      Trade and bills payables (Note (c))                                                           2,628,425   3,478,574
      Accruals and other payables (Note (d))                                                        3,190,188   3,653,731

      Current portion                                                                               5,818,613   7,132,305


                                                                                                        2025        2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000

      Deferred government grants (Note (e))                                                          130,000     130,000
      Retention payables for construction of plant and equipment                                     536,063     571,967

      Non-current portion                                                                            666,063     701,967


      Notes:

      (a)      The ageing analysis of the trade payables based on recognition date is as follows:

                                                                                                        2025        2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000     RMB’000

               0 to 90 days                                                                           975,899   1,798,915
               91 days to 180 days                                                                    418,733     626,988
               181 days to 365 days                                                                    15,176      10,454
               Over 1 year                                                                             30,947       6,594

                                                                                                    1,440,755   2,442,951


      (b)      The maturity of the bills payables is within 6 months.




164   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
29. TRADE, BILLS AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
    Notes: (Continued)

    (c)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and bills payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                      2025             2024
                                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

          RMB                                                                                                   2,483,835        3,341,135
          Other currencies                                                                                         144,590         137,439

                                                                                                                2,628,425        3,478,574


    (d)   Details of accruals and other payables are as follows:

                                                                                                                      2025             2024
                                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

          Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                            2,624,201        3,070,909
          Accruals for employee benefits and welfare                                                               150,816         180,919
          Payables for transportation costs and other operating expenses                                           161,550         208,558
          Provision for value added tax and other taxes                                                            144,719           84,034
          Payables for utilities                                                                                    40,543           35,487
          Others                                                                                                    68,359           73,824

                                                                                                                3,190,188        3,653,731


    (e)   The government grants were received from the government in subsidising the Group’s purchase of property, plant and equipment
          in the PRC. It will be net off against the cost of acquisition when property, plant and equipment are acquired and are recognised in
          the consolidated statement of profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.

    (f)   The carrying amounts of trade, bills and other payables approximate their fair values.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED         165
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




30. BORROWINGS

                                                                                                               2025               2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000

      Unsecured bank borrowings (Note (a))                                                                11,368,275        11,639,790
      Secured other borrowings (Note (b))                                                                         —                 264

      Bank and other borrowings                                                                           11,368,275        11,640,054
      Unsecured fixed-rate bonds (Note (g))                                                                 800,000                  —

      Total borrowings                                                                                    12,168,275        11,640,054
      Less: Non-current portion                                                                           (6,972,273)       (5,496,799)

      Current portion                                                                                      5,196,002         6,143,255


      The maturity profile of bank and other borrowings is as follows:

                                                                                                               2025               2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000

      Repayable on demand and within 1 year                                                                5,196,002         6,143,255
      Between 1 and 2 years                                                                                1,590,065           849,978
      Between 2 and 5 years                                                                                1,751,397         2,206,152
      Over 5 years                                                                                         2,830,811         2,440,669

                                                                                                          11,368,275        11,640,054


      The carrying amount of the Group’s bank and other borrowings were denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                               2025               2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000

      RMB                                                                                                 11,314,305         9,809,059
      HK$                                                                                                    53,970          1,830,995

                                                                                                          11,368,275        11,640,054


      Notes:

      (a)      Corporate guarantee was provided by the Company and its subsidiaries for the borrowings.

      (b)      As at 31 December 2024, borrowings amounting to RMB264,000 are secured by fixed assets with carrying value of RMB2,068,000.




166   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
30. BORROWINGS (Continued)
    Notes: (continued)

    (c)   As at 31 December 2025, RMB363,755,000 (2024: RMB967,905,000) of the current borrowings is related to transferred
          receivables recognised as bills receivables at amortised cost and bear a fixed annualised interest rate from 0.30% to 0.88% (2024:
          0.50% to 2.20%). These amounts are denominated in RMB and approximate their fair values as at 31 December 2025, as the
          impact of discounting is not significant.

    (d)   The Group has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowing facilities during the 2025 and 2024 reporting period.

    (e)   As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, no borrowings contained repayment on demand clause. The bank and other borrowings are
          repayable by instalments up to year 2045 (2024: year 2045). The carrying amounts approximate their fair values as at 31 December
          2025 and 31 December 2024, as the impact of discounting is not significant.

    (f)   As at 31 December 2025, the majority of borrowings bore floating interest rates and were exposed to interest rate changes. The
          effective annual interest rate for bank and other borrowings at 31 December 2025 was 2.42% (2024: 3.25%).

    (g)   Fixed-rate bonds with a total principal of RMB800 million were issued by the Company at par value in June 2025, carrying an
          annual coupon rate of 2.1%. The unsecured bonds have a three-year tenor, mature in June 2028, and are traded on the China
          Interbank Bond Market.


    Accounting policy of borrowings
    Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently carried at
    amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in
    the consolidated statement of profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method.

    Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is
    probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down occurs.
    To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is
    capitalised as a pre-payment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.

    Borrowings are removed from the consolidated statement of financial position when the obligation specified in the
    contract is discharged, cancelled or expired.

    Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless, at the end of the reporting period, the Group has a right to defer
    settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED           167
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




30. BORROWINGS (Continued)

      Accounting policy of borrowings (Continued)
      Covenants that the Group is required to comply with, on or before the end of the reporting period, are considered in
      classifying loan arrangements with covenants as current or non-current. Covenants that the Group is required to comply
      with after the reporting period do not affect the classification at the reporting date.

      General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
      assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
      added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

      Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying
      assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

      Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


31. DEFERRED TAX

      The analysis of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000

      Deferred tax assets                                                                               320,603            168,677
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                         (201,827)          (150,349)

      Deferred tax, net                                                                                 118,776             18,328


      The gross movements on the deferred tax account is as follows:

                                                                                                           2025                  2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000

      At 1 January                                                                                       18,328             (32,946)
      Derecognition of a subsidiary (Note 32(a))                                                          (2,426)                  —
      Credited to the consolidated statement of profit or loss (Note 11)                                113,112             58,838
      Currency translation difference                                                                   (10,238)             (7,564)

      At 31 December                                                                                    118,776             18,328




168   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
31. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

    The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration the offsetting
    balances of RMB210,709,000 (2024: RMB273,686,000) within the same tax jurisdiction are as follows:

                                                Temporary
                                                difference
                                                    arising       Capital
                                                from trade     allowance                  Enhanced tax
                                                receivables          and                  deduction for   Unrealised
                                                       and    government        Lease        qualifying       profit
                                                provisions        grants    liabilities      R&D costs    and others    Safety fund      Total
    Deferred tax assets                           RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

    Year ended 31 December 2024
    Opening balance                                 42,116        83,616     178,095                —         7,248          3,696     314,771
    Credited/(charged) to the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss                   68,281        53,898        7,789               —           (413)        (3,696)   125,859
    Currency translation difference                    523         1,255           (45)             —             —              —       1,733

    Closing balance                                110,920       138,769     185,839                —         6,835              —     442,363

    Year ended 31 December 2025
    Opening balance                                110,920       138,769     185,839                —         6,835              —     442,363
    Derecognition of a subsidiary                     (764)           —        (3,404)              —             —              —       (4,168)
    Credited to the consolidated statement of
      profit or loss                                19,942        10,374      12,907            36,352       12,686              —      92,261
    Currency translation difference                    (49)          924             4              —            (23)            —         856

    Closing balance                                130,049       150,067     195,346            36,352       19,498              —     531,312




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED             169
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




31. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

                                                                                                       Unremitted
                                                          Accelerated                       Finance    earnings of
                                                         depreciation    Right-of-use          lease   subsidiaries
                                                            allowance          assets        income     and others           Total
      Deferred tax liabilities                               RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000

      Year ended 31 December 2024
      Opening balance                                         142,969        171,992         13,190         19,566        347,717
      Charged to the consolidated
        statement of profit or loss                            51,960              2,586         —          12,475         67,021
      Currency translation difference                          10,066                (42)      (721)             (6)         9,297

      Closing balance                                         204,995        174,536         12,469         32,035        424,035

      Year ended 31 December 2025
      Opening balance                                         204,995        174,536         12,469         32,035        424,035
      Derecognition of a subsidiary                                 —          (1,742)           —               —          (1,742)
      (Credited)/Charged to the consolidated
        statement of profit or loss                           (28,601)         10,161          (880)         (1,531)       (20,851)
      Currency translation difference                          11,043                  4         47              —         11,094

      Closing balance                                         187,437        182,959         11,636         30,504        412,536


      Capital allowance mainly represents the ITA entitled by the Group’s subsidiary in Malaysia on its qualifying capital
      expenditure incurred, which can be utilised against its assessable profit.

      Withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors by the foreign investment enterprises established
      in the PRC, in respect of earnings generated after 31 December 2007. The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC that held by
      intermediate holding companies incorporated in Hong Kong, is subject to 5% to 10% withholding tax.

      As at 31 December 2025, deferred tax liabilities of approximately RMB954,976,000 (2024: RMB919,029,000) were not
      recognised for withholding tax and other taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of subsidiaries in the
      PRC, using a 5% (2024: 5%) withholding tax rate. Deferred tax liability is not recognised where the timing of the reversal
      of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not be reversed
      in the foreseeable future. The related total unremitted earnings for which deferred withholding tax liabilities had not been
      recognised amounted to approximately RMB19,099,529,000 (2024: RMB18,380,574,000).

      Deferred tax assets are recognised for tax loss carrying-forward to the extent that the realisation of the related tax benefit
      through future taxable profits is probable. At 31 December 2025, there was no significant unrecognised tax losses (2024:
      nil).




170   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
32. DERECOGNITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

   (a) Partial disposal of Xinyi Solar (Tianjin) Limited (“Xinyi Solar (Tianjin)”)
       In December 2025, the Group completed the disposal of 51% equity interests of Xinyi Solar (Tianjin) to Tianjin
       Binhai Construction Investment New Energy Company Limited (“Tianjin Binhai CINE”), an independent third party
       (the “Disposal”). The Group’s equity interests in Xinyi Solar Tianjin decreased from 100% to 49% following the
       Disposal. The Group lost control in Xinyi Solar Tianjin upon completion of the Disposal but retained the power to
       exercise significant influence over Xinyi Solar Tianjin. Therefore, Xinyi Solar Tianjin is regarded as an associate of the
       Company and is accounted for using the equity method.

                                                                                                                          2025
                                                                                                     Note            RMB’000

       Net assets disposed of:
         Property, plant and equipment                                                                               (676,806)
         Right-of-use assets                                                                         18(a)             (28,372)
         Deferred tax assets                                                                          31                (2,426)
         Trade and other receivables                                                                                 (301,916)
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                     (29,578)
         Lease liabilities                                                                           18(b)             35,277
         Other payables and accruals                                                                                  142,916
         Current tax payables                                                                                            4,115

       Net assets derecognised upon completion of the Disposal                                                       (856,790)
       Recognition of the remaining 49% equity interests under the equity method                      16              494,410
       Exchange losses recycled from reserves to profit or loss                                       28               (24,086)
       Considerations to be settled in cash                                                                           514,590

       Gain on disposal                                                                                               128,124




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED       171
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




32. DERECOGNITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

      (a) Partial disposal of Xinyi Solar (Tianjin) Limited (“Xinyi Solar (Tianjin)”) (Continued)
            An analysis of the net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the Disposal is as follows:

                                                                                                                       2025
                                                                                                                   RMB’000

            Cash consideration                                                                                      514,590
            Cash and cash equivalents disposed of                                                                   (29,578)

                                                                                                                    485,012



      (b) Disposal of Qujing Ruitiancheng Commercial Concrete Limited (“Qujing Ruitiancheng”)
            In October 2025, the Group disposed its entire 70% equity interest in Qujing Ruitiancheng with net asset value
            amount to RMB13,809,000 to an external party for a consideration of RMB14,081,000, resulting in a gain on
            disposal of RMB19,047,000, including unrealised gains related to previous sales transactions with companies within
            the Group. The net inflow of cash and cash equivalents from the disposal amounted to RMB13,659,000, after
            deducting the disposed cash balance of RMB422,000.




172   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
33. CASH FLOW INFORMATION

   (a) Cash generated from operations
                                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                                 Note            RMB’000          RMB’000

       Cash flows from operating activities
       Profit before income tax                                                                 1,151,831       1,935,298
       Adjustments for:
         Share options granted to employees                                        8               17,229            4,330
         Interest income                                                          10               (18,336)        (23,279)
         Interest expenses                                                        10              339,702         432,107
         Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment                       17            2,321,565         392,858
         Net impairment losses on inventories                                      7               21,360         159,330
         Impairment losses on financial and contract assets, net                3.1(b)             15,954           15,563
         Gains on disposal of subsidiaries                                         6             (147,171)               —
         Amortisation charge of intangible assets                                  7                 2,909           2,598
         Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment                      7            2,083,686       1,932,268
         Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                7               87,007           90,542
         Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                       6               16,753           14,187
         Gains on early termination of lease                                       6                (1,302)           (753)
         Net fair value gains on financial assets at FVPL                          6               (24,467)        (14,353)
         Share of results of investments accounted for
           using the equity method                                                16               (14,367)        (17,411)

       Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                                 5,852,353       4,923,285
       Movements in working capital:
         Inventories                                                                            1,196,982         (912,638)
         Trade, bills and other receivables                                                        (64,322)       (898,794)
         Finance lease receivables                                                                 24,071           13,179
         Trade, bills and other payables                                                         (735,316)       (531,442)
         Contract liabilities                                                                      10,922            2,830
         Amounts due to related companies                                                          (11,816)         53,016
         Amounts due from related companies                                                        37,297            9,459
         Restricted cash                                                                            (5,850)          6,427
         Contract assets                                                                             2,868          (2,760)

       Cash generated from operations                                                           6,307,189       2,662,562


       Due to historical construction planning, some production sites share utilities such as water and electricity with some
       subsidiaries of Xinyi Glass, a related party of the Group, in aggregate basis and settled separately.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   173
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




33. CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)

      (b) Non-cash investing activities and financing activities
                                                                                  2025          2024
                                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000

            Addition of right-of-use assets                                     134,923        43,342
            Issuance of shares in lieu of cash dividends                        332,621       523,179

                                                                                467,544       566,521



      (c)   In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposal of property, plant and
            equipment comprise:
                                                                                  2025          2024
                                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000

            Net book amount of the property, plant and equipment disposed       155,031        41,829
            Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note 6)        (16,753)      (14,187)

            Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment             138,278        27,642




174   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
33. CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)

   (d) Analysis of changes in financing activities
                                                                  Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                             Lease         Dividend
                                                   Borrowings            liabilities        payable             Total
                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

       Year ended 31 December 2025
       Opening balance                             (11,640,054)          (903,341)              (101)     (12,543,496)
       Cash (inflows)/outflows – net                 (475,681)            100,377           226,457         (148,847)
       Foreign exchange adjustments                   (51,580)             (1,890)               —           (53,470)
       Interest for lease liabilities (Note 10)             —              (57,938)               —           (57,938)
       2024 final dividend and 2025
         interim dividend                                   —                    —          (559,078)       (559,078)
         – Shareholders of the Company                      —                    —          (349,114)       (349,114)
         – Non-controlling interests                        —                    —          (209,964)       (209,964)
       Other non-cash movements                           (960)            (88,600)         332,572          243,012
         – Scrip dividend to shareholders of
               the Company                                  —                    —          222,876          222,876
         – Fair value adjustment on
               scrip dividend to shareholders of
               the Company                                  —                    —           (27,051)         (27,051)
         – Scrip dividend to
              non-controlling interests                     —                    —          136,796          136,796
         – Others                                         (960)            (88,600)             (49)         (89,609)

       Closing balance                             (12,168,275)          (951,392)              (150)     (13,119,817)




                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   175
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




33. CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Continued)

      (d) Analysis of changes in financing activities (Continued)
                                                                              Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                                        Lease            Dividend
                                                               Borrowings            liabilities          payable            Total
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000         RMB’000

            Year ended 31 December 2024
            Opening balance                                     (9,573,355)         (920,751)                    (7)   (10,494,113)
            Cash (inflows)/outflows – net                       (2,251,922)          103,619           1,723,869         (424,434)
            Foreign exchange adjustments                           202,964             3,534                  —           206,498
            Interest for lease liabilities (Note 10)                    —             (60,096)                  —          (60,096)
            2023 final dividend and 2024
              interim dividend                                          —                   —          (2,247,048)      (2,247,048)
              – Shareholders of the Company                             —                   —          (2,064,768)      (2,064,768)
              – Non-controlling interests                               —                   —            (182,280)       (182,280)
            Other non-cash movements                               (17,741)           (29,647)           523,085          475,697
              – Scrip dividend to shareholders of
                   the Company                                          —                   —            521,081          521,081
              – Fair value adjustment on
                   scrip dividend to shareholders of
                   the Company                                          —                   —             (40,143)         (40,143)
              – Scrip dividend to
                   non-controlling interests                            —                   —              42,241           42,241
              – Others                                             (17,741)           (29,647)                (94)         (47,482)

            Closing balance                                    (11,640,054)         (903,341)                 (101)    (12,543,496)



      (e) Total cash outflow for leases
            The total cash outflow for leases is as follows:

                                                                                                             2025            2024
                                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000

            Within operating activities                                                                    39,104          57,590
            Within financing activities                                                                    61,273          46,029
            Payments in relation to short-term leases of land and buildings                                 3,130           3,401

                                                                                                         103,507          107,020




176   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
34. OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS

   The Group had future aggregate minimum lease receipts under non-cancellable operating leases in respect of land and
   buildings with lease terms as follows:

                                                                                                       2025              2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

   Not later than one year                                                                            5,271             9,139
   Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years                                                          344            5,160
   Over 5 years                                                                                          310                 273

                                                                                                      5,925            14,572



35. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

   Capital expenditures of RMB 714,964,000 (2024: RMB1,121,511,000) was contracted for at the end of the year but not
   yet incurred.


36. BANKING FACILITIES

   The banking facilities made available to subsidiaries of the Group as of the year-end date are as follows:

                                                                     2025                                   2024
                                                                Total            Facilities            Total          Facilities
                                                            facilities            utilised          facilities         utilised
                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

   Banking facilities granted to subsidiaries of
     the Group without securities                         21,265,175           11,370,532        16,212,633        10,674,252



37. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

   As at 31 December 2025, the Group was controlled by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG
   Ching Sai J.P., Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, and Mr. LI Ching
   Leung (together, the “Controlling Shareholders”), which in aggregate held 26.83% (2024: 26.50%) of the Company’s
   shares. 23.82% (2024: 23.68%) of the shares were held by Xinyi Glass and its subsidiary, and the remaining 49.35% (2024:
   49.82%) of the shares were widely held.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED    177
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (a) Transactions with related parties
            In addition to those disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the following is a summary of the
            transactions carried out between the Group and its related parties in the ordinary course of business during the year.

                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                    Note            RMB’000            RMB’000

            Related party transactions with subsidiaries of Xinyi Glass*
              – Purchases of machineries                                             i, ii             1,186            199,371
              – Freight for marine transportation                                    i, iii           28,082             23,771
              – Sales of electricity                                                 v, vi            14,820                  —
              – Purchases of and processing of raw materials                         v, vi            13,106              1,677
              – Purchases of fixed assets                                            v, vi            12,318                  —
              – Rental income received                                              v, vii             6,369              6,369
              – Rental expenses paid                                                v, vii             5,461              4,370
              – Sales of consumables                                                 v, vi             5,178              8,976
              – Purchases of glass products                                          v, vi             2,316              5,417
              – Sales of raw materials                                               v, vi             2,229                  —
              – Sales of machineries                                                 v, vi             1,417                   5
              – Purchases of consumable products                                     v, vi             1,155              1,886
              – Purchases of logistic services                                       v, vi             1,458                 11
              – Sales of silica sand                                                 i, ix                 —             51,668
              – Sales of green electricity certificate                               v, vi                 —                138

            Related party transactions with a subsidiary of Xinyi Energy^
              – Solar farm management fee paid                                      i, viii            8,930             11,485
              – Purchase green power certificates                                    v, vi             1,396                  —

            Related party transactions with subsidiaries of
              Xinyi Electric Storage Holdings Limited#
              – Purchases of and processing of battery pack,
                  chargers and energy storage facilities                             i, iv               752              8,835
              – Purchases of consumable products                                     v, vi               354                 25
              – Sales of consumable products                                         v, vi               110                  —




178   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
37. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (a) Transactions with related parties (Continued)
       Acquisition of wind farm project
       In December 2025, the Group completed the acquisition 82% and 18% of the issued shares of Xinyi Wind Power
       (Jinzhai) Company Limited from Xinyi Energy Smart (Wuhu) Company Limited and Anhui Xinyi Power Source
       Company Limited respectively for an aggregate consideration of RMB62.0 million. The transaction constituted a
       connected transaction as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Details of the transactions were disclosed in
       the Company’s announcement dated 23 December 2025 and 16 January 2026.

       *        Companies under control of a company which has a significant influence on the Group.

       #
                Subsidiaries of company with its issued share capital owned as to more than 30% in aggregate by the various directors
                of the Company, namely Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. , Mr. LI Man Yin and their respective
                associates.

       ^        Connected subsidiary of the Company.

       Notes:

       (i)      The transactions constituted continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

       (ii)     The purchases of machineries were charged at considerations based on mutually agreed terms. Details of the transactions
                were disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 30 December 2024.

       (iii)    The freight for marine transportation services was charged at mutually agreed prices and terms. Details of the transactions
                were disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 17 December 2024.

       (iv)     The purchases of and processing of battery pack, chargers and energy storage facilities was charged at mutually agreed
                prices and terms. Details of the transactions were disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 31 October 2023.

       (v)      The transactions were de minimis transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business and under normal commercial
                terms. They are exempted from all the reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements by
                virtue of rule 14A.76 of the Listing Rules.

       (vi)     The transactions were conducted at mutually agreed prices and terms.

       (vii)    The leases of premises were charged at mutually agreed rental.

       (viii)   The management fee was charged in accordance with the renewal memorandum dated 31 December 2024 to confirm the
                renewal of the solar farm operation and management agreement dated 5 December 2018. Details of the transactions were
                disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 31 December 2024.

       (ix)     The sales of silica sand were charged at mutually agreed prices and terms. Details of the transactions during 2024 were
                disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 4 January 2024.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED          179
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (b) Balances with related parties
                                                                                   2025       2024
                                                                                RMB’000    RMB’000

            Amounts due from investment accounted for using the equity method
              – Xinyi Solar (Lu’an)                                              24,980     60,186
              – Parkland Renewable                                                   —       2,235

                                                                                 24,980     62,421

            Loans to investment accounted for using the equity method
              – Xinyi Solar (Tianjin)                                           138,810         —
              – Parkland Renewable                                               15,532         —

                                                                                154,342         —

            Amounts due from related companies
              – Xinyi Energy Smart (Wuhu) Limited*                                  836         —
              – Xinyi Glass (Hainan) Company Limited*                                92         92
              – Xinyi Special Glass (Jiangmen) Company Limited*                      32         25
              – Xinyi Glass (Jiangsu) Company Limited*                               20         20
              – Xinyi Energy Smart (JiangMen) Company Limited*                       39         —
              – Xinyi Glass (Tianjin) Company Limited*                                6         —
              – Xinyi Glass (Guangxi) Company Limited*                                5         —
              – Xinyi Energy Smart (Sichuan) Company Limited*                         1         —
              – Xinyi Glass (Chongqing) Company Limited*                             —         757

                                                                                  1,031        894
            Less: loss allowance                                                     (4)        (7)

                                                                                  1,027        887




180   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
37. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (b) Balances with related parties (Continued)
                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000

       Amounts due to related companies
         – Xinyi Electronic Glass (Wuhu) Company Limited*                                (1,169,535)                 —
         – Xinyi Group (Glass) Company Limited*                                            (537,743)         (562,373)
         – Anhui Xinyi Intelligent Machinery Company Limited*                               (80,211)         (124,135)
         – Guangxi Xinyi Supply Chain Management Limited*                                   (61,519)                 —
         – Anhui Xinyi New Material Technology Company Limited.*                            (14,044)                 —
         – Xinyi Glass (Guangxi) Company Limited*                                             (9,361)                —
         – Xinyi Energy Smart (Wuhu) Limited*                                                 (5,084)                (35)
         – STI Company Limited ^
                                                                                              (4,996)                —
         – Xinyi Power (Suzhou) Limited   #
                                                                                              (4,613)          (9,180)
         – Xinyi Energy Smart (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd*                                             (3,161)          (2,995)
         – Pinetree Company Limited*                                                          (1,655)                —
         – Hong Kong Xinyi Shipping Company Limited*                                          (1,635)          (2,006)
         – Anhui Xinyi Power Source Company Limited  #
                                                                                              (1,116)                —
         – Xinyi Energy Smart (Yunnan) Company Limited*                                        (811)                 —
         – Xinyi Glass Engineering (Dongguan) Company Limited*                                 (702)                 —
         – PT Xinyi Glass Indonesia*                                                           (433)                 —
         – Polaron Energy Corp.   #
                                                                                               (200)                 —
         – Xinyi Automobile Glass (Shenzhen) Company Limited*                                  (168)       (1,150,655)
         – Xinyi Ultra-thin Glass (Dongguan) Company Limited*                                     —              (702)
         – Xinyi Glass (Jiangmen) Company Limited*                                                —                  (51)

                                                                                         (1,896,987)       (1,852,132)




                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED    181
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (b) Balances with related parties (Continued)
            *     Companies under control of a company which has a significant influence on the Group.

            #
                  Company with its issued share capital owned as to more than 30% in aggregate by the various directors of the Company,
                  namely Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. , Mr. LI Man Yin and their respective associates.

            ^
                  A non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary of Xinyi Energy.

            The amounts due from related companies, amounts due from investment accounted for using the equity method,
            loan to Xinyi Solar (Tianjin) and amounts due to related companies are unsecured, interest free and repayable on
            demand. The amounts approximate their fair values and are denominated in HK$, RMB, CAD, JPY and MYR.

            Loan to Parkland Renewable is denominated in MYR, unsecured and interest bearing. Effective interest rate of the
            loan during the year ended 31 December 2025 is 6.63%.


      (c)   Key management compensation
            Key management includes executive and non-executive directors as well as senior management. The compensation
            paid or payable to key management for employee services is shown below:

                                                                                                                    2025                   2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000                  RMB’000

            Basic salaries, bonus, other allowances and benefits                                                  21,932                 26,678
            Retirement benefits - defined contribution scheme                                                          76                    75
            Share options granted                                                                                  1,620                    412

                                                                                                                  23,628                 27,165


            Details of directors’ and the chief executive’s emoluments are disclosed in Note 9(a).




182   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
38. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000

   Financial Assets
   Financial assets at amortised cost
     Trade and other receivables excluding prepayments and other tax receivables             7,913,420         8,612,043
     Bills receivables at amortised cost (Note 21)                                           2,811,663         3,046,843
     Finance lease receivables (Note 24)                                                       162,325           179,855
     Restricted cash (Note 25)                                                                  22,204            19,589
     Fixed bank deposits (Note 25)                                                             149,000           131,338
     Cash and cash equivalents (Note 25)                                                     4,986,259           821,606
     Amounts due from related companies (Note 37(b))                                             1,027                  887
     Amounts due from investments accounted for using the equity
        method (Note 37(b))                                                                     24,980            62,421
     Loans to investments accounted for using the equity method (Note 37(b))                   154,342                   —

                                                                                            16,225,220       12,874,582
   Financial assets at fair value
     Bills receivables at FVOCI (Note 21)                                                    1,118,858           280,756
     Securities private fund product (Note 3.3(a))                                              68,561            58,243

                                                                                            17,412,639       13,213,581

   Financial Liabilities
   Financial Liabilities at amortised cost
     Trade and other payables excluding non-financial liabilities                            4,871,471         6,403,697
     Bills payables (Note 29)                                                                1,187,670         1,035,623
     Borrowings (Note 30)                                                                   12,168,275       11,640,054
     Lease liabilities (Note 18)                                                               951,392           903,341
     Amounts due to related companies (Note 37(b))                                           1,896,987         1,852,132

                                                                                            21,075,795       21,834,847




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED    183
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




39. VALUATION OF POLYSILICON MANUFACTURING FACILITIES

      Impairment Testing - Valuation of Polysilicon Production Facilities
      The impairment loss recognised in respect of the Group’s polysilicon production facilities (the “CGU”) was measured as
      the excess of the carrying amount of its assets over its recoverable amount, which was determined based on a value in
      use calculation, by reference to a valuation report prepared by an independent professional valuer (the “Valuer”). Further
      details about the valuation are disclosed below.


      (a)   Valuation method used by the Valuer and its reasons
            The Valuer considered the market, cost, and income approaches, and ultimately adopted the discounted cash flow
            (the “DCF”) method under the income approach to determine the value in use of the CGU. The market approach
            was not adopted due to insufficient relevant comparable transactions, and the cost approach was deemed
            inappropriate as it ignores the future economic benefits of the CGU as a going concern.

            According to HKAS 36 “Impairment of Assets”, estimating the value in use of an asset or cash-generating unit
            involves: (i) estimating the future cash inflows and outflows to be derived from continuing use of the asset and from
            its ultimate disposal; and (ii) applying the appropriate discount rate to those future cash flows. Accordingly, the DCF
            method was considered the most appropriate approach to determine the value in use, as it strictly aligns with the
            requirements of HKAS 36 by directly measuring the present worth of the expected cash inflows and outflows from
            the continuing operation of the CGU over its projected life.

            The free cash flow to the firm (the “FCFF”) model was utilised in this valuation. FCFF represents the amount of cash
            available to both debt and equity holders after all operating expenses, taxes, changes in net working capital and
            capital expenditures. The expected FCFF for each year was determined as follows:




            The present value of all expected FCFF was calculated as follows:




             Where:




            The projection period is approximately 16 years up to 2041, when the majority of the facilities approach the end of
            their useful life.




184   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
39. VALUATION OF POLYSILICON MANUFACTURING FACILITIES (Continued)

   Impairment Testing - Valuation of Polysilicon Production Facilities (Continued)
   (b)   Key inputs and assumptions adopted in the valuation
         (i)     Financial projections

                 The FCFF model was based on the financial budgets of the CGU covering a 16-year period up to 2041, which
                 aligns with the estimated useful life of the facilities. The revenue of the CGU was projected based on the
                 production outputs and anticipated selling prices of polysilicon products. For the initial 5-year operational
                 period after production ramp up period, it was expected that the revenue growths would range from 2% to
                 5%, gross margins from 8% to 14%, and profit margins from 1% to 6%. For the subsequent steady-state
                 period up to 2041, revenue was projected to grow steadily at 2% annually, with gross margins stabilising at
                 14% to 15% and profit margins at 5% to 7%.


         (ii)    Discount rate

                 The pre-tax discount rate was 10.3% in the FCFF model, based on the weighted average cost of capital (the
                 “WACC”) of the CGU. Key inputs used to determine the WACC, such as risk-free rate, market risk premium,
                 beta, cost of debt and debt-to-equity ratio, were mainly sourced from Bloomberg database.


         (iii)   Changes in valuation method, inputs or assumptions

                 As it was the first year that the Group engaged the Valuer for the value in use calculation, there were no
                 changes in the valuation method, inputs or assumptions compared to prior years.


40. COMPARATIVE AMOUNTS

   Certain prior year grouping have been changed, and certain comparative amounts have been re-presented to conform
   with the current year’s presentation.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   185
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025




41. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                                Note           RMB’000            RMB’000

      Assets
      Non-current assets
        Interests in subsidiaries                                                             1,556,242          1,599,209

      Current assets
        Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                         7,774,459          7,457,824
        Prepayments and other receivables                                                         9,790              8,525
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   807                578

      Total current assets                                                                    7,785,056          7,466,927

      Total assets                                                                            9,341,298          9,066,136

      Equity
        Share capital                                                            26             745,108            738,830
        Share premium                                                            (a)          5,811,852          5,595,254
        Share option reserve                                                     (a)             97,200             81,163
        Exchange reserve                                                         (a)            442,496            824,917
        Retained earnings                                                        (a)          1,433,445          1,823,411

      Total equity                                                                            8,530,101          9,063,575

      Non-current liabilities
       Borrowings                                                                               800,000                  —

      Total non-current liabilities                                                             800,000                  —

      Current liabilities
        Accruals and other payables                                                               11,197             2,561

      Total current liabilities                                                                   11,197             2,561

      Total liabilities                                                                         811,197              2,561

      Total equity and liabilities                                                            9,341,298          9,066,136


      The statement of financial position of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 27 February 2026 and was
      signed on its behalf.




      LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                                       LEE Shing Put, B.B.S
      Chairman and Non-Executive Director                       Vice Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director


186   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
41. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
   Note:

   (a)     Movement of share premium, other reserves and retained earnings of the Company

                                                                       Share         Share option             Exchange      Retained
                                                                    premium               reserve               reserve      earnings
                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000               RMB’000       RMB’000

           Year ended 31 December 2024
           Opening balance                                        6,294,092               80,721               545,748       381,373
           Profit for the year                                            —                    —                    —      2,309,766
           Currency transaction difference                                —                    —               279,169             —
           Employees’ share option scheme:
             – exercise of employees’ share options                   32,480               (6,236)                  —              —
             – value of employee services                                 —                6,678                    —              —
           Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
             dividend of 2023 final dividend and
             2024 interim dividend                                  505,865                    —                    —        (40,143)
           2023 final dividend                                    (1,237,183)                  —                    —              —
           2024 interim dividend                                          —                    —                    —       (827,585)

           Closing balance                                        5,595,254               81,163               824,917     1,823,411


                                                                       Share        Share option              Exchange     Retained
                                                                   premium               reserve               reserve      earnings
                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000      RMB’000

           Year ended 31 December 2025
           Opening balance                                        5,595,254               81,163               824,917     1,823,411
           Loss for the year                                              —                    —                    —        (13,801)
           Currency transaction difference                                —                    —              (382,421)            —
           Employees’ share option scheme:
             – value of employee services                                 —               16,037                    —              —
           Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
             dividend of 2025 interim dividend                      216,598                    —                             (27,051)
           2025 interim dividend                                          —                    —                    —       (349,114)

           Closing balance                                        5,811,852               97,200               442,496     1,433,445


           The Cayman Islands law permits dividends or other distributions to be paid out of share premium.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   187
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


42. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

      No significant event has taken place subsequent to 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report.


43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      This note provides a list of other potentially material accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated
      financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated. The
      financial statements are for the group consisting of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries.


      43.1 Subsidiaries
           43.1.1 Consolidation

                  Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls
                  an entity where the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity
                  and has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries
                  are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated
                  from the date that control ceases.

                  Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are
                  eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment
                  of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure
                  consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                  Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated
                  statement of profit or loss, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and
                  consolidated statement of financial position respectively.


                  (a)   Business combinations
                        The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations. The consideration
                        transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the:

                        •     fair values of the assets transferred;

                        •     liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business;

                        •     equity interests issued by the Group;

                        •     fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement; and

                        •     fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.




188   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   43.1 Subsidiaries (Continued)
       43.1.1 Consolidation (Continued)
             (a)   Business combinations (continued)
                   Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination
                   are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group
                   recognises any non-controlling interests in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis
                   either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net
                   identifiable assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

                   The excess of the:

                   •     consideration transferred,

                   •     amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquired entity, and

                   •     acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity

                   Over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are
                   less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognised
                   directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.

                   Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future
                   are discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s
                   incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an
                   independent financier under comparable terms and conditions. Contingent consideration is classified
                   either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are subsequently
                   remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

                   If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s
                   previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any
                   gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED     189
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      43.1 Subsidiaries (Continued)
           43.1.1 Consolidation (Continued)
                 (b)   Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without loss of control
                       The group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control as
                       transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
                       between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative
                       interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling
                       interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity
                       attributable to equity holders of the Company.


                 (c)   Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries with loss of control
                       When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of control,
                       joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is re-measured to its fair value
                       with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the initial
                       carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate,
                       joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive
                       income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related
                       assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income
                       are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
                       applicable HKFRSs.


           43.1.2 Separate financial statements
                 Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs
                 of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received
                 and receivable.

                 Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
                 investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                 dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
                 the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


      43.2 Associates
           Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control. This is generally the case
           where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are accounted for
           using the equity method of accounting, after initially being recognised at cost.




190   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   43.3 Joint arrangements
       Under HKFRS 11 Joint Arrangements, investments in joint arrangements are classified as either joint operations
       or joint ventures. The classification depends on the contractual rights and obligations of each investor rather than
       the legal structure of the joint arrangement. The Group has assessed the nature of its joint arrangements and
       determined them to be joint ventures. Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method, after
       initially being recognised at cost in the consolidated statement of financial position.


   43.4 Equity method
       Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter to
       recognise the group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in profit or loss, and the Group’s
       share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends
       received or receivable from associates and joint ventures are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the
       investment.

       Where the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in the entity,
       including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has
       incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

       Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are eliminated to the
       extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
       evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity-accounted investees have been
       changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

       The carrying amounts of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the policy
       described in Note 43.10.

       If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control or significant influence is
       retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are
       reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED     191
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      43.5 Segment reporting
           Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
           decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
           performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that make
           strategic decisions.


      43.6 Foreign currency translation
           (a)   Functional and presentation currency
                 Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
                 the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The Company’s
                 functional currency is HK$. The consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Group’s
                 presentation currency.


           (b)   Transactions and balances
                 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
                 at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses
                 resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of
                 monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the consolidated statement
                 of profit or loss.

                 Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss within “other
                 gains/(losses) – net”.

                 Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange
                 rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on assets and liabilities carried
                 at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation differences on non-
                 monetary assets and liabilities such as equities held at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in profit
                 or loss as part of the fair value gain or loss and translation differences on non-monetary assets such as equities
                 classified as fair value through other comprehensive income are recognised in other comprehensive income.




192   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   43.6 Foreign currency translation (Continued)
       (c)   Group companies
             The results and financial position of foreign operations (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary
             economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the
             presentation currency as follows:

             (i)     assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate
                     at the end of the reporting period;

             (ii)    income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss are translated at average exchange rates (unless
                     this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
                     transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the
                     transactions); and

             (iii)   all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

             On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign entities,
             and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are recognised
             in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net
             investment are repaid, the associated exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain
             or loss on sale.

             Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation are treated as assets and
             liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.


   43.7 Property, plant and equipment
       Freehold land is stated at historical cost less subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

       Buildings comprise mainly factories and offices. Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less
       subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses. Historical cost includes
       expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

       Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate, only
       when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of
       the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amounts of the replaced parts are derecognised. All other repairs
       and maintenance are charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss during the financial period in which
       they are incurred.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED      193
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      43.7 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
           The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each reporting period.

           An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
           greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 43.10).

           Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
           recognised within “other gains/(losses) – net” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


      43.8 Dividend distribution
           Dividend distribution to the shareholders of the Company is recognised as a liability in the Group’s and the
           Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s shareholders or
           directors, where appropriate.


      43.9 Intangible assets
           (a)   Goodwill
                 Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration transferred, the
                 amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous
                 equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identified net assets acquired.

                 For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to the
                 cash generating units (“CGUs”), or Groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
                 combination. The CGUs or Group of CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest level within
                 the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. Goodwill is monitored at the
                 operating segment level.

                 Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
                 indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of goodwill is compared to the recoverable amount, which
                 is the higher of value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised immediately
                 as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.


           (b)   Mining rights
                 Separately acquired mining licences are stated at historical cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment
                 losses. The Group amortises mining licences with a finite useful life using the straight-line method over nine
                 years.




194   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   43.9 Intangible assets (Continued)
       (c)   Softwares
              Separately acquired softwares are stated at historical cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment
              losses. The Group amortises softwares with a finite useful life using the straight-line method over ten years.


   43.10 Impairment of non-financial assets
        Goodwill has an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment or more
        frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets are reviewed for
        impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
        An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable
        amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs to sell and value in use. For the
        purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable
        cash flows (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered impairment are reviewed
        for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting date.


   43.11 Financial assets
       (a)   Classification
              The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

              •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income (“OCI”) or
                    through profit or loss), and

              •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

              The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual
              terms of the cash flows.

              For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI. For
              investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has
              made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at FVOCI.

              The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets
              changes.

              Finance lease receivables are regarded as financial assets for the purpose of derecognition and impairment.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED         195
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      43.11 Financial assets (Continued)
           (b)   Recognition and derecognition
                 Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group
                 commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows
                 from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all
                 the risks and rewards of ownership.


           (c)   Measurement
                 At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial assets
                 not at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction
                 costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.


                 Debt instruments
                 Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset
                 and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group
                 classifies its debt instruments:

                 •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                       represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from
                       these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or
                       loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in “other gains/(losses)
                       – net” together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line
                       item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                 •     FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets,
                       where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at FVOCI.
                       Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment
                       gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or
                       loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI
                       is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in “other gains/(losses) – net”. Interest income
                       from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign
                       exchange gains and losses are presented in “other gains/(losses) – net” and impairment expenses are
                       presented as separate line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

                 •     FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL. A gain
                       or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised in profit or loss and
                       presented net within “other gains/(losses) – net” in the period in which it arises.




196   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   43.11 Financial assets (Continued)
       (d)   Impairment
             The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instruments
             carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has
             been a significant increase in credit risk. Note 3 set forth how the Group determines whether there has been a
             significant increase in credit risk.

             For trade receivables, bills receivables, finance lease receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the
             simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial
             recognition of the receivables.

             For the other financial assets, expected credit losses are assessed according to change in credit quality since
             initial recognition, which is measured at either 12-month expected credit losses or lifetime expected credit
             losses, depending on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If
             a significant increase in credit risk of receivables has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is
             measured as lifetime expected credit losses.


       (e)   Cash flows
             The Group reports its financing and investing cash flows on a gross basis, except for cash receipts and
             payments for items in which the turnover is quick, the amounts are large, and the maturities are short.

             The Group enters into a series of discounting and endorsement agreements that transfers to a third party
             (“Transferee”) its rights to cash to be collected from bills receivables in exchange for an immediate cash
             payment or a purchase of raw materials.

             In a discounting arrangement where the Group de-recognises the discounted bills receivables and receives cash
             from the Transferee, the cash receipt is classified as an operating cash inflow, since the Group considers they
             has received cash in exchange for receivables that arose from its operating activities.

             Where the Group continues to recognise the bills receivables, the amount received from the Transferee is
             recorded as a financial liability (the “Separate Financing Transaction”), and the cash received is classified as
             a financing cash inflow. Management considers that in substance the Transferee collects the bills receivable
             on the Group’s behalf and retains the cash in settlement of the Separate Financing Transaction. The Group
             presents the cash inflows received from the Transferee as financing cash inflows and the subsequent payments
             by the debtor as both operating cash inflows and financing cash outflows respectively.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   197
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      43.12 Offsetting financial instruments
           Financial assets and liabilities are offset, and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of financial
           position when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle
           on a net basis to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be
           contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default,
           insolvency or bankruptcy of the company or the counterparty.

      43.13 Trade and other receivables
           Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary course of
           business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle
           of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

           Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using
           the effective interest method, less allowance for impairment.

      43.14 Contract assets and contract liabilities
           A contract asset is an entity’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has transferred
           to a customer. A contract asset becomes a receivable when the entity’s right to consideration is unconditional, which
           is the case when only the passage of time is required before payment of the consideration is due. The impairment of
           contract assets is measured, presented and disclosed on the same basis set out in Note 22.

           A contract liability is an entity’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the entity has
           received consideration.

           Contract assets and liabilities are offset, and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of financial
           position when they are attributable to the same counterparties.


      43.15 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash
           Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash include cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks and other
           short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to
           known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Bank
           overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

           Bank deposits which are restricted to use are included in ‘Restricted cash’. Restricted cash are excluded from cash
           and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of cash flows.




198   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   43.16 Trade and other payables
        These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the group prior to the end of financial year
        which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if payment is due within one year or
        less. If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.

        Trade payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
        interest method.


   43.17 Share capital
        Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

        Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net
        of tax, from the proceeds.


   43.18 Government grant
        Grants from the government are recognised at their fair values where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant
        will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

        Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss over
        the period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

        Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are initially included in liabilities as
        deferred government grants and when such property, plant and equipment are built or purchased, the received
        government grants are netted off with cost of the related assets.


   43.19 Provisions
        Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it
        is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably
        estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

        Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
        determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an
        outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

        Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditures required to settle
        the present obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
        and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest
        expense.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED   199
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      43.20 Current and deferred tax
           The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income, based
           on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
           attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

           The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the consolidated statement
           of profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
           equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


           (a)   Current income tax
                 The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                 at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company’s subsidiaries operate and generate
                 taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in
                 which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is probable that a taxation
                 authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax balances either based on the
                 most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which method provides a better prediction of the
                 resolution of the uncertainty.


           (b)   Deferred tax
                 Inside basis differences
                 Deferred tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the tax
                 bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However,
                 deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill, the deferred
                 income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other
                 than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or
                 loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences. Deferred tax is determined
                 using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period
                 and are expected to apply when the related deferred tax asset is realised or the deferred tax liability is settled.

                 Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise
                 those temporary differences and losses.




200   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   43.20 Current and deferred tax (Continued)
       (b)   Deferred tax (Continued)
             Outside basis differences
             Deferred tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries,
             except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is
             controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable
             future. Deferred income tax liabilities are provided on taxable temporary differences arising from investment in
             a joint venture and associates, including the taxable temporary differences arising from undistributed profits,
             as the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference is not controlled by the Group.

             Deferred tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences arising from investments in subsidiaries,
             a joint venture and associates only to the extent that it is probable the temporary difference will reverse in the
             future and there is sufficient taxable profit available against which the temporary difference can be utilised.


       (c)   Offsetting
             Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset where there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
             and liabilities and where the deferred taxes balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets
             and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle
             on a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


   43.21 Interest income
       Interest income from financial assets at FVPL is included in the net fair value gains/(losses) on these assets as part of
       “other gains/(losses) – net”.

       Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost calculated using the effective interest method is recognised in
       the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from
       financial assets that are held for cash management purposes, details are disclosed in Note 10.

       Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial
       asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired financial assets,
       the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss
       allowance).




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED       201
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      43.22 Employee benefits
           (a)   Short-term obligations
                 Liabilities for wages and salaries that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the
                 period in which the employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to
                 the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when the liabilities are
                 settled. The liabilities are presented as current employee benefit obligations in the consolidated statement of
                 financial position.


           (b)   Pension obligations
                 The Group participates in a number of defined contribution plans, the assets of which are generally held in
                 separate trustee-administered funds. The pension plans are generally funded by payments from employees and
                 by the relevant group companies. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays
                 fixed contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
                 contributions if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee
                 service in the current and prior periods.

                 The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are
                 recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset
                 to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.


           (c)   Employees leave entitlements
                 Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made
                 for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the
                 reporting period.

                 Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.


           (d)   Bonus plans
                 The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses, based on a formula that take into consideration
                 the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The Group recognises
                 a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a constructive
                 obligation.




202   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   43.23 Share-based payments
       (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
             Share-based compensation benefits are provided to employees via the share option scheme. The fair value of
             the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense. The total
             amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

             •     including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price); and

             •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example,
                   profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period).

             Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of options that are expected to
             vest. The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified
             vesting conditions are to be satisfied.

             At the end of each reporting period, the entities revise their estimates of the number of options that are
             expected to vest based on the non-market vesting conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to
             original estimates, if any, in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to
             equity.

             When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any directly
             attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (and share premium).


       (b)   Share-based payment transaction among group entities
             The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary undertakings
             in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
             reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investment in
             subsidiary undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity in the parent entity accounts.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED      203
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      43.24 Leases
           Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is
           available for use by the Group.

           Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The
           lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by
           the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

           Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the
           net present value of the fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments).

           The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily
           determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used,
           being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of
           similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

           Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over
           the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance for each period.

           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability and any
           lease payments made at or before the commencement date.

           Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on a
           straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use is depreciated
           over the underlying asset’s useful life.

           Payments associated with short-term leases and all leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line
           basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less without a
           purchase option.

           Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight-line basis over
           the lease term. The respective leased assets are included in the consolidated statement of financial position based on
           their nature.




204   XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
43. SUMMARY OF OTHER POTENTIALLY MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   43.25 Financial guarantee
       Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The liability is
       initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:

       •     the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9 Financial
             Instruments; and

       •     the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in
             accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

       The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash flows
       between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that would be required
       without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for assuming the obligations.

       Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are provided for no compensation, the fair
       values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment in the financial
       statements of the Company.


   43.26 Earnings per share
       (a)   Basic earnings per share
             Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

             •     The profits attributable to owners of the Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other than
                   ordinary shares

             •     By the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for
                   bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.


       (b)   Diluted earnings per share
             Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share to take
             into account:

             •     The after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive potential
                   ordinary shares, and

             •     The weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding assuming
                   the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED       205
Financial Summary


                                                                             Year ended 31 December

                                                               2025          2024           2023           2022           2021
                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                        (Restated)     (Restated)     (Restated)

Result
Revenue                                                20,861,164       21,921,447    24,163,667     17,677,633     13,353,793
Cost of sales                                          (16,400,140) (18,055,449) (17,697,502) (12,383,144)          (7,492,702)

Gross profit                                               4,461,024     3,865,998     6,466,165      5,294,489      5,861,091

Profit before income tax                                   1,151,831     1,935,298     5,104,849      4,444,414      5,465,266
Income tax expense                                          (492,262)     (526,227)     (797,171)      (717,000)      (821,491)

Profit for the year                                         659,569      1,409,071     4,307,678      3,727,414      4,643,775

Profit /(Loss) attributable to:
  – the equity holders of the company                       844,525      1,008,233     3,842,756      3,280,582      4,097,817
  – non-controlling interest                                (184,956)     400,838       464,922        446,832        545,958


                                                                                 As at 31 December

                                                               2025          2024           2023           2022           2021
                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                        (Restated)     (Restated)     (Restated)

Assets and Liabilities
Total assets                                           56,916,068       56,932,484    55,071,845     45,245,349     40,119,921
Total liabilities                                      21,979,709       22,524,612    20,576,746     13,731,057     10,770,189

                                                       34,936,359       34,407,872    34,495,099     31,514,292     29,349,732

Equity
Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company   29,831,843       29,051,790    29,138,064     26,627,581     24,783,160
Non-controlling interests                                  5,104,516     5,356,082     5,357,035      4,886,711      4,566,572

                                                       34,936,359       34,407,872    34,495,099     31,514,292     29,349,732




206    XINYI SOLAR HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
