CONTENTS
Corporate Information                              2

Chairman’s Statement                               4

Management Discussion and Analysis                 5

Biographies of Directors and Senior Management    12

Directors’ Report                                 16

Corporate Governance Report                       30

Environmental, Social and Governance Report       43

Independent Auditors’ Report                      67

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss          72
and Other Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position      73

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity       75

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows              76

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements    77

Financial Summary                                155

Summary of Properties                            156
     Corporate
     Information

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
     Executive Directors                                     OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)   Unit 2102–03 & 10–12
     Mr. Li Menglin                                         21/F, K. Wah Centre
                                                            191 Java Road
     Non-executive Directors                                North Point
                                                            Hong Kong
     Mr. Qiao Xiaoge
     Ms. Zhu Yujuan
                                                            LEGAL ADVISER AS TO HONG KONG LAW
     Independent non-executive Directors                    Tung & Co.
                                                            Office 1601, 16/F, LHT Tower
     Dr. Li David Xianglin
                                                            31 Queen’s Road Central
     Mr. Wang Wenxing
                                                            Central
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng
                                                            Hong Kong

     AUDIT COMMITTEE                                        CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
     Mr. Wang Wenxing (Chairperson)                          REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
     Mr. Qiao Xiaoge
                                                            Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
     Dr. Li David Xianglin
                                                            Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
                                                            PO Box 1350
     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                 Grand Cayman KY1-1108
     Dr. Li David Xianglin (Chairperson)                    Cayman Islands
     Ms. Zhu Yujuan
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                     HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                             AND TRANSFER OFFICE
     NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                            Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairperson)                            2103B, 21/F
     Mr. Wang Wenxing                                       148 Electric Road
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                     North Point
                                                            Hong Kong
     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chief Executive Officer)                AUDITORS
     Mr. Li Bei (Vice President)                            HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
     Ms. Hu Longzhi (Chief Financial Officer)               Certified Public Accountants
                                                            31st Floor, Gloucester Tower
     COMPANY SECRETARY                                      The Landmark
     Mr. Tung Tat Chiu, Michael (appointed on 3 May 2023)   11 Pedder Street, Central
     Mr. Lam Ka Tsun (resigned on 3 May 2023)               Hong Kong

     AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                             PRINCIPAL BANKERS
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun                                          The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
     Mr. Tung Tat Chiu, Michael (appointed on 3 May 2023)     Corporation Limited
     Mr. Lam Ka Tsun (resigned on 3 May 2023)               The Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                            Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
     REGISTERED OFFICE IN CAYMAN ISLANDS
     Windward 3, Regatta Office Park                        COMPANY WEBSITE
     PO Box 1350                                            www.centralenergy.cn
     Grand Cayman KY1-1108
     Cayman Islands                                         STOCK CODE
                                                            1735



02   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Chairman’s
Statement




YU ZHUYUN
Chairman
     Chairman’s
     Statement

     Dear Shareholders,

     On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (“Director(s)”) of Central New Energy Holding Group Limited (the
     “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”), I would like to present to shareholders of the Company
     (“Shareholders”) the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 (the “Reporting Year”).

     REPORTING YEAR REVIEW
     In 2023, in the midst of global economic slowdown, intensifying climate change impact and growing market
     uncertainties, the Group demonstrated its strong resilience and innovation in the complicated and ever-changing
     international market through its firm conviction and forward-looking strategies.

     As confronted by numerous uncertainties in the global environment, the Group has consistently adhered to the core
     philosophy of “responsibility at the heart”, and unremittingly practised the concept of sustainable development. On
     one hand, the Group staunchly pursued the path of green development. In an active response to the national call, the
     Group strode towards high-end manufacturing during its transformation under the “dual carbon” goal. On the other
     hand, following years of ample research and market development, the Group, with a forward-looking strategic
     acumen, has actively explored the path of low-carbon transformation, making due contributions to the global green
     and low-carbon development.

     During the Reporting Year, the Group reached an important milestone. With the full production capacity of 2GW
     photovoltaic components and 6GW photovoltaic battery production, the Group achieved full-capacity operation, while
     sales of N-type batteries and photovoltaic components manifested strong growth momentum. The Group persisted
     in delivering reliable and efficient products and services to customers, while continuing to improve product quality.
     As a result, the Group’s product conversion efficiency, stability, and quality were recognised by customers and
     professional institutions. In terms of smart energy management services, the Group focused on fully satisfying
     customers’ requirements and expectations, by closely keeping abreast of technological innovation and industrial
     development, and quickly responding to and fulfilling the diverse needs of customers.

     In 2023, the Group was committed to implementing efficient governance measures to create sustainable value for
     Shareholders and stakeholders. The Group paid attention to employee welfare, providing employees with an equal,
     safe, healthy, and harmonious workplace to promote their career development. Taking it as the Group’s responsibility
     to practise sincere social responsibility, the Group actively participated in social welfare undertakings, and
     empowered education, charity and poverty alleviation to benefit the public, spreading warmth to society with the
     Group’s goodwill.

     This year, the Group will disclose an Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) report in strict compliance with
     the reporting framework of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Stock Exchange”). In a fair, transparent
     and balanced manner, the Group will introduce to the Shareholders the measures taken and achievements made by
     the Group in the ESG aspects over the Reporting Year.

     The Group will consistently deliver the national “dual carbon” commitment through practical actions, maintain the
     Group’s original goodwill towards the market, society and customers, and steadily advance towards a future of high-
     quality sustainable development. The Group is willing to join forces with partners and stakeholders to contribute
     green power to the global effort to address climate change and safeguard a healthy ecosystem, shaping a more
     sustainable future together. The Group firmly believes that the extensive applications of solar energy will enable it to
     bring well-being to mankind. With solar energy amassed and well utilised, the Group will build a bright future.




     YU Zhuyun
     Chairman
     Hong Kong, 16 March 2024


04   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Management Discussion
and Analysis

BUSINESS REVIEW
The construction business environment in which the Group operates in both Hong Kong and the People’s Republic of
China (“PRC”) remains tough and the Group faces various challenges including low bidding price on tenders,
increased costs and limited market potential in both Hong Kong and the PRC. The Group is prudent in managing its
green building and construction related business operations and evaluating business development opportunities to
diversify the revenue sources and therefore the Group can minimise possible exposure to the uncertainties in both
Hong Kong and the PRC markets.

Since 2022, the Company has planned to invest in the construction of the 22GW of high efficiency N-type battery
and the 6GW of advanced component and to commence the production and supply business in Fengtai County. The
total investment is expected to occupy around 800–1,200 mu of land.

As at the end of the Reporting Year, phase I construction of the 2GW component and the 3GW battery project and
phase II construction of the 3GW battery project were completed and put into production in 2023. Phase III
construction of the 8GW battery and the 8GW component project is expected to be completed by the end of 2024.

The Group seeks to seize the green building and new green energy business opportunities in order to obtain higher
returns for the Shareholders. The Group is also committed to respond to the national policies with the concept of
carbon neutrality by further implementing green building and construction through use of scientific management and
technical improvement to achieve low carbon and green environmental protection. The Group is devoted to combine
its existing building and construction related business to practise the concept of green development through
photovoltaic new power generation system and energy storage technology to create an energy-saving and
sustainable living environment.

During the Reporting Year, the Group had gradually expanded the business of new energy and engineering,
procurement and construction (“EPC”). Satisfactory performance was recorded during the Reporting Year.

During the Reporting Year, the Group was principally engaged in the business of (i) green building and construction
related business; (ii) new energy and EPC; (iii) smart energy management services; (iv) health and wellness; and (v)
food and beverage (“F&B”) supply chain. The Group seeks to achieve synergistic value amongst the segments in
order to obtain higher returns and greater business opportunities for the Group.

Green building and construction related business
During the Reporting Year, the revenue from green building and construction related business segment was
approximately HK$1,349.4 million (the year ended 31 December 2022 (“Previous Reporting Year”): approximately
HK$852.7 million), which accounted for approximately 33.5% (Previous Reporting Year: approximately 52.8%) of the
Group’s total revenue. This segment recorded an increase in revenue mainly due to strong growth in sales volume of
construction materials during the Reporting Year.

New energy and EPC
During the Reporting Year, the Group gradually expanded the new business of new energy and EPC and this
segment recorded a revenue of approximately HK$2,119.6 million (Previous Reporting Year: approximately HK$58.6
million), which accounted for approximately 52.6% (Previous Reporting Year: approximately 3.6%) of the Group’s
total revenue. The increase was mainly due to strong growth in sales volume of photovoltaic products and in line
with the full capacity of the 2GW photovoltaic components and the 6GW photovoltaic battery production during the
Reporting Year.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   05
     Management Discussion
     and Analysis

     Smart energy management services
     During the Reporting Year, the revenue in smart energy management services segment was approximately HK$16.0
     million (Previous Reporting Year: approximately HK$19.7 million), which accounted for approximately 0.4% (Previous
     Reporting Year: approximately 1.2%) of the Group’s total revenue. The decrease was mainly due to fewer smart
     energy-saving lighting works for projects in Yangzhou and Hefei in the PRC during the Reporting Year.

     Health and wellness
     Health and wellness business includes provision of health and wellness services, which include the healthcare
     consulting and supplying of healthcare products, green food and beauty products. During the Reporting Year, the
     revenue in health and wellness business was approximately HK$409.9 million (Previous Reporting Year:
     approximately HK$484.0 million), which accounted for approximately 10.2% (Previous Reporting Year: approximately
     30.0%) of the Group’s total revenue. The decrease was mainly due to lower sales volume of green food products,
     which is consistent with the Group’s strategy to put more resources in the new energy and EPC segment during the
     Reporting Year.

     F&B supply chain
     F&B supply chain includes supply chain services of agriculture products, frozen meats and other F&B materials.
     During the Reporting Year, the revenue from F&B supply chain segment was approximately HK$133.4 million
     (Previous Reporting Year: approximately HK$198.7 million), which accounted for approximately 3.3% (Previous
     Reporting Year: approximately 12.3%) of the Group’s total revenue. The decrease is consistent with the Group’s
     business strategy to put more resources in the new energy and EPC segment during the Reporting Year.

     FUTURE PLANS AND PROSPECTS
     The Group will continue to seek new green energy business opportunities, and to develop its high-efficiency N-type
     battery and advanced photovoltaic component supply business in Fengtai County and Tongcheng City. Phase III
     construction of the 8GW battery in Fengtai County is expected to be completed and put into production in the fourth
     quarter of 2024.

     Subsequent to the entering into by the Group of certain strategic cooperation agreements for joint cooperation in
     photovoltaic equipment supply and photovoltaic power station construction, or joint development in the fields of
     clean energy and integrated smart energy, technical services and supply chain (as the case may be) in the section
     headed “Future Plans and Prospects” in the interim report published by the Company on 26 September 2023, it has
     also entered into strategic and investment cooperation agreements for joint cooperation in the low-carbon smart
     factory/park business or joint development in zero carbon park in the PRC, upon the Board’s belief that such
     cooperation will allow the Group to leverage its experience and capabilities in the low carbon smart factory/park
     market, thereby realising the green energy business of the Group. For details, please refer to the announcements of
     the Company dated 13 December 2023 and 10 January 2024. In particular, as disclosed in its announcement dated
     22 May 2023 and circular dated 25 August 2023, the Group’s acquisition of equipment mainly for the purpose of
     setting up five production lines for photovoltaic TOPCon battery would allow the Group to tap into the photovoltaic
     business and diversify its business operations.




06   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Management Discussion
and Analysis

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
The Group’s revenue for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$4,028.3 million, i.e. about 149.6% more
than that of approximately HK$1,613.6 million for the Previous Reporting Year. The improvement was primarily due
to the net increase in revenue from the new energy and EPC segment, which amounted to approximately
HK$2,119.6 million, which was driven by strong growth in sales volume of N-Type battery and photovoltaic
components during the Reporting Year (Previous Reporting Year: approximately HK$58.6 million).

                                                                                  Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                 31 December       31 December
                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000


Green building and construction related business                                     1,349,387          852,663
New energy and EPC                                                                   2,119,585           58,594
Smart energy management services                                                        16,055           19,718
Health and wellness                                                                    409,875          483,997
F&B supply chain                                                                       133,397          198,669


                                                                                     4,028,299        1,613,641


Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
The Group’s gross profit for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$172.8 million, representing an
increase of approximately 455.6% as compared with approximately HK$31.1 million for the Previous Reporting Year.
The increase was mainly due to the increase in sales of N-Type battery and photovoltaic components as a result of
the full capacity of the 2GW component and the 6GW battery production during the Reporting Year in the new
energy and EPC segment.

Other Income and Gains
The Group’s other income and gains for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$18.8 million, representing
a decrease of approximately 50.4% as compared with approximately HK$37.9 million for the Previous Reporting
Year. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in gain on disposal of subsidiaries during the Reporting Year.

Administrative and Other Operating Expenses
The Group’s administrative and other operating expenses for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$81.0
million, representing a decrease of approximately 3.0% as compared with approximately HK$83.5 million for the
Previous Reporting Year. The decrease was mainly due to reversal of impairment loss on trade and other receivables
during the Reporting Year.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   07
     Management Discussion
     and Analysis

     Income Tax (Expense)/Credit
     The Group’s income tax expense for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$11.6 million (for the Previous
     Reporting Year: income tax credit of approximately HK$0.7 million). Such increase was in line with the increase in
     profit during the Reporting Year.

     Net Profit/(Loss)
     The Group reported a net profit for the Reporting Year of approximately HK$71.3 million, while the Group reported a
     net loss of approximately HK$30.3 million for the Previous Reporting Year. The turnaround from net loss to net profit
     was primarily attributable to (i) an increase in turnover; (ii) an increase in sales volume in the new energy and EPC
     segment; (iii) a fair value gain on investment properties through profit and loss; (iv) reversal of loss allowance on
     trade and other receivables; and (v) gain on disposal of subsidiaries, for the Reporting Year as compared with the
     Previous Reporting Year.

     Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortisation (“EBITDA”)
     Non-HKFRS measures are to supplement the Group’s financial results which are presented in accordance with Hong
     Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”). EBITDA is used as an additional financial measure. The Group
     believes that non-HKFRS measures provide useful information to investors and others to understand and evaluate
     the Group’s consolidated results for the purpose of comparison across accounting periods and with those of its peer
     companies.

     The following table sets forth the Group’s non-HKFRSs financial data for the Reporting Year and the Previous
     Reporting Year:

                                                                                         Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                        31 December       31 December
                                                                                               2023               2022
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000

     Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                71,289            (30,328)
     Interest income                                                                           (1,381)              (158)
     Finance costs                                                                             25,190              5,520
     Taxation                                                                                  11,564               (682)
     Depreciation                                                                              18,696              9,308
     Amortisation                                                                                   –                  –

     EBITDA                                                                                   125,358            (16,340)

     EBITDA for the Reporting Year amounted to a profit of approximately HK$125.4 million as compared with a loss of
     approximately HK$16.3 million for the Previous Reporting Year.

     LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE
     During the Reporting Year, the Group funded its liquidity and capital requirements primarily through capital
     contributions and cash inflow generated from operating activities.

     As at the end of the Reporting Year, the Group had cash and bank balances of approximately HK$137.4 million
     (Previous Reporting Year: approximately HK$614 million). The decrease was mainly due to an amount of
     approximately HK$500 million was used for (i) the development of phase II of the photovoltaic project and (ii)
     collaterals for bank borrowings.

     As at the end of the Reporting Year, the Group had borrowings of approximately HK$1,121.3 million (Previous
     Reporting Year: approximately HK$499.7 million). The increase was mainly due to the increase in the bank
     borrowings of approximately HK$555.6 million used for the development of phase II of the photovoltaic project.



08   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Management Discussion
and Analysis

As at the end of the Reporting Year, the share capital and equity attributable to owners of the Company amounted to
approximately HK$2.6 million and HK$847.9 million, respectively (Previous Reporting Year: approximately HK$2.6
million and HK$185.7 million, respectively).

The current ratio remained at 1.1 times during the Reporting Year (Previous Reporting Year: 1.3 times).

The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as the debts as at each year end
divided by the total equity as at each year end. The gearing ratio of the Group as at the end of the Reporting Year
was approximately 85.66% (Previous Reporting Year: approximately 267.3%).

Capital Structure
On 6 November 2023, the Board proposed to subdivide each issued and unissued share of the Company
(“Share(s)”) of HK$0.0025 into four (4) subdivided Shares of HK$0.000625 each (the “Share Subdivision”).

Pursuant to an ordinary resolution passed on 20 December 2023, the Share Subdivision was approved by the
Shareholders and became effective on 22 December 2023. Upon the Share Subdivision becoming effective, the
authorised share capital of the Company is HK$50,000,000 divided into 80,000,000,000 subdivided Shares, of which
4,224,000,000 subdivided Shares are in issue and fully paid or credited as fully paid.

For details of the Share Subdivision, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 6 November 2023, 20
December 2023 and 21 December 2023, and its circular dated 30 November 2023.

Foreign Exchange Risk
The Group mainly operates in Hong Kong and the PRC in 2023. Accordingly, all operating transactions and revenue
are settled in Hong Kong dollars and Renminbi, subjecting the Group to foreign exchange risk. The Group has actively
taken various measures to manage foreign exchange risk.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATED
COMPANIES
Reference is made to the announcement of the Company dated 29 May 2023 (the “Disposal Announcement”).
Unless otherwise stated, capitalised terms used below shall have the same meanings as those defined in the
Disposal Announcement. On 29 May 2023, Central Green, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and
the Target Company, the then indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company immediately prior to Completion,
entered into the Equity Subscription and Investment Agreement with the Investor, pursuant to which the Investor
agreed to invest in the Target Company an aggregate amount of RMB700,000,000 (equivalent to approximately
HK$777,000,000), which comprised (i) the conversion of the Loan in the amount of RMB350,000,000 (equivalent to
approximately HK$385,000,000) owing by the Target Company to the Investor into the Conversion Capital of
RMB350,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$385,000,000); and (ii) the subscription of RMB350,000,000
(equivalent to approximately HK$385,000,000) as the Additional Capital by way of cash contribution, representing
approximately 46.67% of the enlarged registered capital of the Target Company.

Upon Completion, the Target Company would be owned as to approximately 53.33% by Central Green and
approximately 46.67% by the Investor. Accordingly, the Group’s equity interest in the Target Company would be
diluted from 100% to approximately 53.33% as a result of the Investment. Following the Deemed Disposal, the
Target Company would become an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and its financial results
would continue to be consolidated in the Group’s accounts.

For details, please refer to the Disposal Announcement.

Save as disclosed above, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or
joint ventures during the Reporting Year.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023   09
     Management Discussion
     and Analysis

     CHARGES ON ASSETS
     Save as disclosed in Notes 14, 16, 20, 25 and 33 to the Financial Statements, the Group did not have any significant
     charges on its assets as at 31 December 2023.

     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT
     The Group did not hold any significant investments during the Reporting Year.

     FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
     There was no specific future plan for material investments or capital assets as at 31 December 2023.

     EMPLOYEES
     The Group had 1,469 employees (including full-time and casual employees who are paid on a daily basis) as at 31
     December 2023 (Previous Reporting Year: 639). Total staff costs including Directors’ emoluments, salaries, wages
     and other staff benefits, contributions and retirement schemes, provisions for staff long service payment and
     untaken paid leave for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$52.4 million (Previous Reporting Year:
     approximately HK$43.2 million). The remuneration policy and package of the Group’s employees are periodically
     reviewed. Apart from mandatory provident fund and job training programs, salary increment and discretionary
     bonuses may be awarded to employees upon approval by the Board according to the Group’s operating results,
     individual performance and market situation.

     CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
     The Group had capital commitments for an acquisition of property, plant and equipment amounted to approximately
     HK$418.1 million as at 31 December 2023 (Previous Reporting Year: nil).

     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     Subsidiaries of the Company are involved in a number of potential claims relating to employees’ compensation cases
     and personal injury claims as well as summonses for safety-related incidents in the ordinary course of business as at
     the date of this annual report. The Directors considered that the possibility of any outflow in settling (i) the potential
     personal injury claims were remote as these claims were well covered by insurance; and (ii) the summonses will be
     insignificant to the business of the Group. Accordingly, no provision for the contingent liabilities in respect of the
     potential personal injury claims and the summonses is necessary after due consideration of each case.

     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING
     On 8 July 2021, the Board resolved to change the use of the remaining unutilised net proceeds (the “Net Proceeds”)
     from the initial public offering of the Company. For details of such change, please refer to the announcement of the
     Company dated 8 July 2021.




10   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Management Discussion
and Analysis

The table below sets out the use of the Net Proceeds and the unutilised amount as at 31 December 2023:

                                                                                       Actual use
                                                                                       of the Net
                                                         Original        Revised        Proceeds        Unutilised
                                                          use of           use of          during     amount as at
                                                         the Net          the Net   the Reporting    31 December
                                                       Proceeds         Proceeds             Year            2023
                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000


Hiring of additional staff                               11,600           11,600           11,600                  –
Acquisition of additional machinery and
  equipment                                              54,900           54,900           54,900                  –
General working capital                                   7,000            7,000            7,000                  –


Total                                                    73,500           73,500           73,500                  –

The Net Proceeds have all been utilised according to the intended uses during the Reporting Year.

FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board did not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Reporting Year (Previous Reporting Year: Nil).

CHANGE OF COMPANY NAME, SHORT STOCK NAMES AND COMPANY WEBSITE
Subsequent to the passing of a special resolution approving the change of company name by the Shareholders by
way of poll at the extraordinary general meeting held on 20 April 2023, the Certificate of Incorporation on Change of
Name was issued by the Registry of Companies in the Cayman Islands on 25 April 2023, certifying that the Company
has changed its English name from “Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.” to “Central New Energy Holding Group
Limited” and the adoption of the Chinese name “中環新能源控股集團有限公司” as the new dual foreign name of the
Company in place of its existing Chinese name “中環控股集團有限公司”, both with effect from 25 April 2023.

The Certificate of Registration of Alteration of Name of Registered Non-Hong Kong Company was issued by the
Companies Registry in Hong Kong on 12 May 2023, confirming the registration of the new name of the Company
“Central New Energy Holding Group Limited 中環新能源控股集團有限公司” in Hong Kong under Part 16 of the
Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) with effect from 12 May 2023.

The stock short names for trading in the Shares on the Stock Exchange were changed from “CENTRAL HOLDING”
to “CENTRAL NEW EGY” in English and from “中環控股” to “中環新能源” in Chinese with effect from 9:00 a.m. on
2 June 2023.

The website address of the Company was changed from “www.chghk.com ” to “www.centralenergy.cn ” with
effect from 11 September 2023.

For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 13 March 2023, 20 April 2023, 29 May 2023
and 11 September 2023, and its circular dated 28 March 2023.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   11
     Biographies of Directors and
     Senior Management

     Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out as follows:

     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (余竹雲), aged 51, has been an executive Director and the chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”)
     since October 2019, and was appointed as the chief executive officer (the “CEO”) in April 2020. Mr. Yu is an
     entrepreneur with over 15 years of experience primarily in the property development and investment industry in the
     PRC. He founded Anhui Central Holding Group Co., Ltd.* (安徽中環控股集團有限公司) (“Anhui Central”) in 2004,
     which has now developed into a diversified enterprise engaging in a variety of businesses, including real estate
     development, commercial property leasing, environmentally friendly construction, cultural and creative business,
     smart logistics and trade development, as well as health and wellness business in the PRC. He is currently serving
     as the chairman of the board of directors of Anhui Central.

     Mr. Yu is a standing committee member of the All-China Youth Federation (中華全國青年聯合會), a council member
     of the China Society for Promotion of the Guangcai Program (中國光彩事業促進會), a council member of the China
     Young Volunteers Association (中國青年志願者協會), a standing council member of the China Mergers & Acquisitions
     Association (中國併購公會), the vice president of the Anhui Federation of Industry and Commerce (安徽省工商業聯合
     會), a member of the Anhui Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (中國人
     民政治協商會議安徽省委員會), the vice president of the Anhui Youth Federation (安徽省青年聯合會), a standing
     council member of the Anhui Overseas Friendship Association (安徽省海外聯誼會), and the honorary president of the
     Anhui Federation of Overseas Chinese Entrepreneurs (安徽省僑商聯合會).

     Mr. Yu obtained a Master of Business Administration from Hong Kong Baptist University in November 2007. He
     further obtained an Executive Master of Business Administration from Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business (長
     江商學院) in the PRC in September 2013.

     Mr. Li Menglin (李夢琳), aged 67, has been an executive Director since April 2020. Mr. Li has extensive experience
     in the banking and financial services sectors in the PRC. During the period from April 1998 to September 2017, he
     held various senior positions at the Anhui provincial branch of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, including
     the president of Anqing branch, chief of the education department, chief manager of real estate financing
     department, head of stock reform office, chief manager of company services II department, and manager and senior
     manager of small-sized enterprises financing department. From September 2017 to July 2019, he served as the
     chairman of the board and the president of Anhui Xin’an Bank* (安徽新安銀行), and has been serving as a consultant
     of Anhui Xin’an Bank since June 2019.

     Mr. Li received the awards of Model Individual in Consumer Credits Management Works of 2005* (2005年度中國工
     商銀行消費信貸管理工作先進個人), Annual Excellent Performance by the Anhui Provincial Branch of the Industrial
     and Commercial Bank of China* (中國工商銀行省行本部年度考核優秀等次) in 2007, 2013 and 2015 and Model
     Worker in the Innovative Work in the Finance Sector in Anhui Province of 2010* (2010年度安徽省金融創新工作先進
     個人).

     Mr. Li obtained a Bachelor of Economics in Finance awarded by Anhui University of Finance and Economics in July
     1982. He was awarded a Master of Business Administration (International) by the University of Hong Kong in
     December 2003 in the IMBA Programme co-organised by the University of Hong Kong and Fudan University (復旦大
     學) in the PRC.




12   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Biographies of Directors and
Senior Management

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Qiao Xiaoge (喬曉戈), aged 57, has been a non-executive Director since October 2019. Mr. Qiao is experienced
in the field of real estate development and construction. During the period from March 2000 to November 2003, he
served as a deputy general manager of the predecessor company of Wanda Commercial Properties (Group) Co.,
Ltd.* (萬達商業地產(集團)有限公司), a private property developer. He then served as a vice president of Sunac
Huabei Development Group Co., Ltd.* (融創華北發展集團有限公司), a company principally engaged in real estate
development and commercial property leasing, from January 2004 to June 2006. He has been serving as the
president of Anhui Central since August 2011.

Mr. Qiao graduated from Hefei University (合肥學院) in the PRC in July 1991.

Ms. Zhu Yujuan (朱玉娟), aged 45, has been a non-executive Director since October 2019. Ms. Zhu joined Anhui
Central in February 2009. She had served in various positions in Anhui Central, including general manager of the
administrative and human resources management center and assistant to the president. She is currently serving as a
vice president of Anhui Central.

Ms. Zhu graduated from Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業大學) and the Institute of Psychology of the
Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院心理研究所) in the PRC in January 2009 and February 2011, respectively.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Dr. Li David Xianglin (李祥林), aged 61, has been an independent non-executive Director since October 2019. Dr. Li
is currently a professor of finance at the Shanghai Advanced Institute of Finance (上海高級金融學院), an associate
dean, the director of the risk management research center (風險管理研究中心) and the director of the FinTech
Research Center (金融科技研究中心) of the Chinese Academy of Financial Research (中國金融研究院), and a co-
director of the Master of Finance program in Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學) in the PRC. Prior to joining
Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學), he had served in leading financial institutions for more than two
decades. He was the head of global credit derivatives research of Citigroup from October 2001 to June 2004, the
head of quantitative analysis of credit derivatives of Barclays Capital from June 2004 to April 2008, the chief risk
officer of China International Capital Corporation Limited from May 2008 to January 2012, the director of senior
management and the head of modeling for AIG Investments from January 2012 to March 2016, and the senior vice
president of investment and the person-in-charge of the risk analytics and methodology department of Prudential
Financial, Inc. from March 2016 to December 2017.

Dr. Li obtained a Master of Business Administration from Laval University in Canada in May 1991. He further
obtained a Master of Mathematics (Actuarial Science) and a Doctor of Philosophy (Statistics) from the University of
Waterloo in Canada in May 1992 and October 1995, respectively.

Dr. Li has served as an independent non-executive director of Lufax Holding Ltd, the shares of which are listed on
the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6623), since 2021.

Mr. Wang Wenxing (王文星), aged 55, has been an independent non-executive Director since October 2019.

Mr. Wang is currently serving as a senior tax consultant of Triangle Accounting Limited and an international tax
consultant of Mind & Sun Partners in Shanghai. He has also been serving as a senior partner, the chief accountant
and the quality control director of Anthony Chen CPA, PLLC since February 2009. During the period from May 1995
to March 2003, he served as a project manager in the Guangzhou Branch of the China Council for the Promotion of
International Trade (中國國際貿易促進委員會廣州市分會)(also known as the Guangzhou Chamber of Commerce of
the China International Chamber of Commerce (中國國際商會廣州市商會)). He was the chief tax accountant of the
high net value business department of AIA China from April 2015 to June 2017.

Mr. Wang obtained a Master of Science from the City University of New York in the United States in February 2008.
He has been enrolled to practice before the Internal Revenue Service of the Department of the Treasury of the
United States since November 2010.

Mr. Wang has served as an independent non-executive director of Silver Tide Holdings Limited, the shares of which
are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1943), since 2022.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   13
     Biographies of Directors and
     Senior Management

     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng (周春生), aged 58, has been an independent non-executive Director since October 2019.

     Dr. Zhou is currently a professor of Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business (長江商學院) in the PRC. He has
     served as an independent non-executive director of Pine Technology Holdings Limited, the shares of which are listed
     on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1079), since 2017, an independent non-executive director of
     Transfar Zhilian Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002010), a director of
     Nanda Automation Technology Jiangsu Co., Ltd, a company then listed on the National Equities Exchange and
     Quotations Co., Ltd. (stock code: 834876), and an independent non-executive director of Kunwu Jiuding Investment
     Holdings Co., Limited (“Kunwu Holdings”), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600053).
     The Company was notified on 8 October 2021 that an announcement was made by Kunwu Holdings on 25
     September 2021 in relation to, among other things, the receipt of a decision on administrative supervision measures
     《(中國證券監督管理委員會江西監管局行政監管措施決定書》) from Jiangxi Regulatory Bureau of China Securities
     Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”) (中國證券監督管理委員會江西監管局) by Kunwu Holdings and the secretary to the
     board of directors of Kunwu Holdings. To the Directors’ best knowledge, information and belief, Dr. Zhou is not
     involved in the day-to-day management of Kunwu Holdings, and has not been subject to any sanction, administrative
     penalty or criticism by the CSRC and the Shanghai Stock Exchange. For further details, please refer to the
     announcement of the Company dated 11 October 2021. He has also been a director of Guanghua Tiancheng
     Investments Co., Ltd. since March 2007, and an independent non- executive director of Hua Chuang Securities
     Brokerage Co., Ltd. and China Southern Fund Management Co., Ltd. since June 2007.

     Dr. Zhou served as an independent non-executive director of Zhonghong Holdings Co., Limited (“Zhonghong
     Holdings”), a company then listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000979), from May 2008 to April
     2020. The Board was informed by Dr. Zhou on 23 October 2019 that Zhonghong Holdings, a company of which Dr.
     Zhou has been serving as an independent non-executive director, received an Investigation Notice (《調查通知書》)
     from the CSRC on 14 August 2018. To the best knowledge, information and belief of the Board, Dr. Zhou is not
     involved in the day-to-day management of Zhonghong Holdings, and has not been subject to any censure,
     administrative penalty or criticism by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the CSRC. For further details, please refer to
     the announcement of the Company dated 25 October 2019. Dr. Zhou also served as an independent non-executive
     director of China ITS (Holdings) Co., Ltd., the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1900),
     from September 2008 to June 2018, an independent non-executive director of Green Leader Holdings Group Limited,
     the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 61), from June 2013 to August 2019, an
     independent non-executive director of Guosheng Financial Holding Inc., a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 002670), from July 2015 to April 2020, and an independent director of Leshan City
     Commercial Bank from August 2012 to January 2019.

     Dr. Zhou was an economist of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board from April 1995 to September 1997, where he was
     responsible for the analysis, control and management of financial risks, an assistant professor at the University of
     California (Riverside) from September 1997 to April 2001, an associate professor of the Business School of the
     University of Hong Kong from July 2000 to July 2001, a commissioner of the Development and Strategy Committee
     of the CSRC (中國證券監督管理及規劃委員會委員) from April 2001 to December 2001, and a finance professor of the
     Guanghua School of Management at Peking University (北京大學) from July 2001 to December 2006.

     Dr. Zhou obtained a Master of Science from Peking University (北京大學) in the PRC in July 1988, and a Doctor of
     Economics from Princeton University in the United States in May 1995.




14   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Biographies of Directors and
Senior Management

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Li Bei (李鋇), aged 47, has been the vice president of the Group since 2022. In his current role, Mr. Li is
responsible for the decision- making of the major issues, development planning and business policy of the Group,
meanwhile he is tasked with the preparation and operation of the photovoltaic project in Fengtai. He has nearly 22
years of working experience, and has been working in China Parkson Group, Shanghai Shimao Co., LTD., and CMC
Holdings Group, covering diversified investment directions. He has rich investment experience in listed companies of
various fields, including retail/FMCG, commercial real estate, industrial real estate and new energy photovoltaic
industry. Mr. Li graduated from the University of Science and Technology Beijing and majored in management in
2000.

Ms. Hu Longzhi (胡龍芝), aged 48, was the financial controller of the Group since 2019 and was subsequently
promoted to the chief financial officer of the Group in 2023. She is currently tasked with the Group's corporate affairs
and overall management of the financial management center. She has more than 15 years of experience in auditing,
financing and financial management of listed companies. Meanwhile, she has a comprehensive financial knowledge
system, including financial and tax policy, operation analysis, budget management, cost control and accounting.
During Ms. Hu's tenure, she has improved and standardised the Group’s financial control system, established and
enhanced the Group’s financing system and financing model.

Mr. Tung Tat Chiu (佟達釗), aged 61, was appointed as the company secretary of the Company (“Company
Secretary") on 3 May 2023. Mr. Tung is the senior partner of Tung & Co., the Company’s legal advisers as to Hong
Kong laws. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in law and accounting from The University of Manchester, the United
Kingdom. He has over 30 years of experience as practising lawyer in Hong Kong. He is also a China-Appointed
Attesting Officer. Mr. Tung currently serves as a joint company secretary of Jiangxi Copper Company Limited (stock
code: 358), Harbin Electric Company Limited (stock code: 1133) and Qingling Motors Co. Ltd (stock code: 1122),
respectively, and as the sole company secretary of Quantum Thinking Limited (stock code: 8050) and NOVA Group
Holdings Limited (stock code: 1360), respectively. He is an external service provider engaged by the Company to
provide company secretarial services.

English translation of names in Chinese which is marked with “*” in this annual report is for identification purposes only.




                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   15
     Directors’
     Report

     The Board is pleased to present the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the
     Group for the Reporting Year (the “Financial Statements”).

     CORPORATE REORGANISATION
     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on 29 March 2017. The Company
     completed the corporate reorganisation (the “Reorganisation”) on 8 March 2018 in preparation for the listing of the
     Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, pursuant to which the Company became the holding company of
     the companies now comprising the Group. Details of the Reorganisation are set out in the section headed “History
     and Development — Reorganisation” in the prospectus of the Company dated 19 March 2018.

     The Company has a principal place of business in Hong Kong at Unit 2102–03 & 10–12, 21/F, K. Wah Centre, 191
     Java Road, North Point, Hong Kong.

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in Note 12 to
     the Financial Statements.

     SUBSIDIARIES
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries during the Reporting Year are set out in Note 12 to the Financial
     Statements.

     BUSINESS REVIEW
     The business review and outlook of the Group for the Reporting Year are set out in the section headed
     “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.

     SEGMENTAL INFORMATION
     Details of segment reporting are set out in Note 5 to the Financial Statements.

     RESULTS
     The results of the Group for the Reporting Year and the financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2023 are
     set out in the Financial Statements on pages 72 to 74 of this annual report.

     FINAL DIVIDENDS
     The Board did not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Reporting Year (Previous Reporting Year: Nil).

     ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
     The annual general meeting (the “AGM”) of the Company will be held in the manner required under the Rules
     Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) on Friday, 28 June 2024. A notice
     convening the AGM will be issued and sent to the Shareholders in due course.

     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
     In order to establish entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM to be held on Friday, 28 June 2024, the register of
     members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 25 June 2024 to Friday, 28 June 2024, both days inclusive,
     during which period no transfer of Shares will be effected. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, all
     transfer of Shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the
     Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited, at 2103B, 21/F, 148
     Electric Road, North Point, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 24 June 2024.




16   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

KEY RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The Group’s financial condition, results of operation, business and prospects may be affected by a number of risks
and uncertainties. The followings are the key risk and uncertainties identified by the Group relating to its business:

A significant portion of the Group’s revenue was generated from contracts awarded by a limited
number of customers, and any significant decrease in the number of projects with major
customers may materially and adversely affect its financial condition and operating results
A significant portion of the Group’s revenue was derived from a limited number of customers during the Reporting
Year. There is no assurance that the Group will continue to obtain contracts from its major customers, and in the
event that it is unable to secure suitable projects of a comparable size and quantity as replacements from other
customers, the Group’s financial condition and operating results would be materially and adversely affected. In
addition, in the event that the Group’s major customers experience any liquidity problem, they may delay or default
in their payments to the Group, in which case the Group’s business, financial positions and prospects could be
materially and adversely affected.

The Group’s revenue relied on successful tenders of foundation works and superstructure building
works projects which are not recurrent in nature, and there is no guarantee that its customers will
provide it with new business
During the Reporting Year, the Group’s revenue was mainly derived from foundation works and superstructure
building works projects in Hong Kong which were awarded to it on successful tenders. The Group’s future growth
and success will depend on its ability to continue to secure tenders and contract awards. In addition, the Group’s
business is contract-based and on a non-recurring basis. The Group secured its foundation works and superstructure
building works projects through competitive tender processes. The Group does not have long-term commitments
with its customers and its customers are therefore under no obligation to award projects to it. As such, there is no
guarantee that the Group will be able to secure new business from customers. Accordingly, the number and scale of
projects and the amount of revenue it is able to derive therefrom may vary significantly from period to period, and it
may be difficult to forecast the volume of future business.

Any failure to accurately estimate the project costs in tenders and/or any delay in completion of
projects may lead to cost overruns or even result in losses
The Group’s ability to submit tender proposals at a competitive price with adequate profit margin to maintain its
profitability depends on various factors. The Group determines the tender price by taking into account factors
including the scope and complexity of the project, site conditions, project time frame, estimated construction
materials costs, labour and machinery requirements and capacity, extent of subcontracted works required,
relationship with customers and prevailing market conditions. In addition, the Group may be subject to liquidated
damages due to delay in completing the projects, calculated on the basis of a fixed sum per day or according to
certain mechanism as stipulated under the contracts. Any material inaccurate estimation in the time and costs
involved in a project may give rise to delays in completion of works and/or costs overruns, which in turn may
materially and adversely affect the Group’s financial condition, profitability and liquidity.

The Group may be subject to fines due to the commencement of construction work prior to
obtaining the relevant construction work commencement permit or building unauthorised
construction without PRC local government’s permission
During the Reporting Year, the Group’s significant portion of revenue was derived from foundation work and
construction work in PRC. Pursuant to the Regulations on Administration Regarding Permission for Commencement
of Construction Work (《建築工程施工許可管理辦法》) promulgated by the Ministry of Construction on 15 October
1999 and amended on 4 July 2001, a property developer shall apply for a construction work commencement permit
from the relevant authority prior to the commencement of any construction work on the land. If a property developer
fails to obtain the relevant construction work commencement permit before commencement of construction work, a
fine ranging from RMB5,000 to RMB10,000 (if no proceeds were generated by such non-compliance) or from
RMB5,000 to RMB30,000 (if proceeds were generated by such non-compliance) will be imposed on such property
developer.

                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   17
     Directors’
     Report

     The Group is required to comply with various environmental, safety and health laws and
     regulations which are extensive and the compliance of which may be onerous or expensive
     As part of the Group’s construction business operation in the PRC, it is required to comply with various and extensive
     environmental as well as health and safety laws and regulations promulgated by the PRC government and the
     governments of other overseas jurisdictions in which it operates. If the Group fails to comply with these laws and
     regulations, it could be exposed to penalties, fines, suspension or revocation of its licenses or permits to conduct
     business, administrative proceedings and litigation. Given the magnitude and complexity of these laws and
     regulations, compliance with them or the establishment of effective monitoring systems may be onerous or require
     a significant amount of financial and other resources. As these laws and regulations continue to evolve, there can be
     no assurance that the PRC government or the governments of other overseas jurisdictions in which the Group has
     operations will not impose additional or more onerous laws or regulations, compliance with which may cause it to
     incur significantly increased costs, which it may not be able to pass on to its customers.

     The Group requires permits or licenses to undertake its business operations and any loss, termination or non-renewal
     of these permits or licenses could have a significant and adverse impact on its business.

     The Group requires permits and licenses issued by the relevant government agencies to conduct its business and it
     must comply with the restrictions and conditions imposed by various levels of government to maintain its permits
     and licenses. If the Group fails to comply with any of the regulations required for the maintenance of its permits and
     licenses, its permits and licenses could be temporarily suspended or even revoked.

     The Group’s property development business is dependent on the growth of the real estate market
     in the PRC
     Demand for properties and property prices in the PRC, including Zhejiang Province may fluctuate and may continue
     to be affected by macro-economic control measures implemented by the PRC government from time to time.

     The Group’s property development business in the PRC is subject to extensive governmental
     regulations and policies and, in particular, it is susceptible to policy changes in the PRC property
     industry
     The Group’s business is subject to extensive governmental regulations and policies. As with other PRC property
     developers, it must comply with various requirements mandated by the PRC laws and regulations, including the
     policies and procedures established by local authorities designed to implement such laws and regulations. In
     particular, the PRC government exerts considerable direct and indirect influence on the development of the PRC
     property sector by imposing industry policies and other economic measures, which, among other things, control
     foreign exchanges, taxation, foreign investment and the supply of land for property development. Through these
     policies and measures, the PRC government may raise the benchmark interest rates of commercial banks, place
     additional limitations on the ability of commercial banks to make loans to property developers and property
     purchasers, impose additional taxes and levies on property sales, restrict foreign investment in the PRC property
     sector and restrict or reduce the supply of land for property development.




18   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

The Group may not be able to complete or deliver its development projects on time and face
substantial development risks before it realises any benefits from them
Property development projects require substantial capital expenditures prior to and during the construction period. It
may take longer than a year from the commencement of construction before a property development project can
generate cash flow through pre-sales, sales or leases. The progress and costs of a property development project can
be materially and adversely affected by many factors, including, without limitation to:

i)      Delays in obtaining necessary licenses, permits or approvals from government agencies or authorities;

ii)     Relocation of existing residents or demolition of existing structures;

iii)    Increase in costs of materials, equipment, contractors and skilled labour;

iv)     Availability and cost of financing;

v)      Failure of contractors or suppliers to provide products and services as anticipated, due to financial difficulties or
        other reasons;

vi)     Labour disputes;

vii)    Construction accidents;

viii)   Natural catastrophes;

ix)     Adverse weather conditions; and

x)      Changes in government policies.

The Group cannot assure that it will not experience any significant delays in the completion or delivery of any of its
property development projects or that it will not be subject to any liabilities for any such delays. Such disruptions may
materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial position.

The Group may not be able to collect property management fees from property owners and
property developers and as a result, may incur impairment losses on receivables
In its property management business operation, the Group may face difficulties in collecting property management
fees from property developers and property owners. Even though the Group seeks to collect overdue property
management fees through a number of collection measures, it cannot assure that such measures will be effective at
all. Moreover, although most of the property management fees are paid to it through bank transfers and online
payments, certain property owners would pay property management fees to it in cash, which may impose some
cash management risk on it.

The Group’s trading of construction materials business are exposed to credit risk of its customers
The Group generally does not grant any credit period for enterprises which are subject to litigation in respect of
construction material agreements disputes, administrative penalty and outstanding tax arrears. Depending on factors
including but not limited to their scale of operation, prospect and size of future sales, trading and payment history
and the Group’s business relationship with them, it generally grants its customers a credit period of 7 days to 270
days.

The Group cannot assure that any of its customers which have been granted credit period can fulfil their obligations
under the construction material agreements entered into with them. Any default by the Group’s customers on their
obligations under such agreements with them may have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position
and results of operations.


                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023   19
     Directors’
     Report

     The Group may be affected by disease outbreaks
     Any outbreak of diseases or viruses in livestock, or food scares in the region or around the world, such as the avian
     influenza H7N9 virus (also known as bird flu) or bovine spongiform encephalopathy (also known as mad cow
     disease), may materially and adversely affect the Group’s F&B supply chain business and financial performance.

     Certain F&B products from particular countries may be restricted or banned by the government in the PRC or
     elsewhere, and scarcity of supplies may lead to price increases for those products, thereby affecting the Group’s
     ability to serve certain F&B products in its supply chain business. In the event that any of these events occur, the
     Group’s business, operations and financial performance may be materially and adversely affected.

     The Group will be affected by any failure to maintain the quality of the F&B products and services
     it offers
     In the F&B industry, it is essential that the quality of food products served must be consistent. Any inconsistency in
     the quality of the Group’s F&B products may result in customers’ dissatisfaction. In addition, high staff turnover,
     shortage of staff or the lack of proper supervision may also affect the consistency and quality of F&B products. The
     Group may be exposed to negative publicity, customer complaints and potential litigations if it does not maintain the
     quality of F&B products.

     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years/period is set out
     on page 155 of this annual report.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Year are set out in
     Note 14 to the Financial Statements.

     INTANGIBLE ASSETS
     Details of the movements in the intangible assets of the Group during the Reporting Year are set out in Note 17 to
     the Financial Statements.

     SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of the share capital of the company are set out on page 9 of this annual report.

     DEBENTURES
     The Company did not issue any debenture during the Reporting Year.

     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group during the Reporting Year are set out in Note 39 to the Financial
     Statements.

     As at 31 December 2023, the Company had reserves amounting to approximately HK$316.1 million available for
     distribution as calculated in accordance with statutory provisions applicable in the Cayman Islands (31 December
     2022: approximately HK$23 million).




20   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

DIRECTORS
The Directors who held office during the Reporting Year and up to the date of this annual report are:

Executive Directors
Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Li Menglin

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Qiao Xiaoge
Ms. Zhu Yujuan

Independent non-executive Directors
Dr. Li David Xianglin
Mr. Wang Wenxing
Dr. Zhou Chunsheng

The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
Management” in this annual report.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACT
Each of the Directors has entered into an appointment contract with the Company for a term of three years, subject
to retirement by rotation at the AGM, and each of them shall be eligible for re-election in accordance with the second
amended and restated articles of association of the Company (the “Restated Articles”). Mr. Qiao Xiaoge, Dr. Li
David Xianglin and Dr. Zhou Chunsheng shall retire from office by rotation and, being eligible, shall offer themselves
for re- election at the AGM.

Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors, including the Directors being proposed to be re-elected at the AGM,
has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable within one year without payment of
compensation, other than statutory compensation.

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent non-executive
Directors pursuant to the Listing Rules. The Company considers the independent non-executive Directors to be
independent pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts, other than the appointment contracts and employment contracts, concerning the management and
administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed
during the Reporting Year.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023   21
     Directors’
     Report

     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SECURITIES
     As at 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of each Director and chief executive of the Company in
     the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of the associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong (the “SFO”))
     which have been notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
     SFO (including any interest or short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
     SFO) or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or have
     been, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
     contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules, notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange were as follows:

     (i)    Long positions in the Shares

                                                                                                             Number of               Approximate
                                                                                                           Shares held/             percentage of
                                                                                                           interested in               interest in
            Name of Director                  Capacity/Nature of interest                                        Note 1             the Company


            Mr. Yu Zhuyun                     Interest in a controlled corporation                    2,890,378,320 (L)                      68.43%
                                                                                                                Note 2                        Note 2

            Mr. Li Menglin                    Beneficial owner                                                320,000 (L)                     0.01%

            Ms. Zhu Yujuan                    Beneficial owner                                                480,000 (L)                     0.01%

            Note:


            1.      “L” denotes long position.


            2.      Mr. Yu Zhuyun holds the entire issued share capital in Central Culture Resource Group Limited (“Central Culture”) and Central Culture
                    holds approximately 68.43% of the total number of issued Shares. Therefore, Mr. Yu Zhuyun is taken to be interested in the number of
                    Shares held by Central Culture pursuant to Part XV of the SFO.


     (ii)   Long positions in the ordinary shares of associated corporations of the Company

                                                                                                                    Number of         Percentage of
                                                                                       Capacity/                   shares held/        issued share
            Name of Director           Name of associated corporation                  Nature of interest            interested              capital


            Mr. Yu Zhuyun              Central Culture                                 Beneficial owner                   50,000                100%

     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
     interests and/or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the Company and the
     Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which
     they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or pursuant to the Model Code and which were
     required to be entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO.




22   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

Substantial Shareholders’ interests and short positions in Shares and underlying Shares
As at 31 December 2023, so far as is known to the Directors, the following persons (not being a Director or chief
executive of the Company) had interest or short position in Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be
disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or
which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to the section 336 of the SFO:

Long positions in the Shares

                                                                                    Number of          Approximate
                                                                                  Shares held/        percentage of
                                                                                  interested in          interest in
Name of Shareholder                Capacity/Nature of interest                            Note        the Company


Central Culture                    Beneficial owner                           2,890,378,320 (L)              68.43%

Note: “L” denotes long position.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, the Directors were not aware of any person or corporation (other
than the Directors and the chief executives) who had any interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or
pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company.

ARRANGEMENTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests in Securities” above and the
paragraph headed “Share Option Scheme” below, at no time during the Reporting Year were rights to acquire
benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their
respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the
Company, its holdings company, or and any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, a party to any arrangement to
enable the Directors, or their respective spouse of children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights by means of
the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company of any other body corporate.

DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS,
ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in the paragraphs headed “Connected Transactions” below and in Note 35 to the Financial
Statements, there was no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance, to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, its parent company, or its parent company’s subsidiaries was a party, and in which a Director or any
entity connected with a Director had a material interest, whether directly and indirectly, subsisting as at 31 December
2023 or any time during the Reporting Year, nor was there any other transaction, arrangement or contract of
significance in relation to the Group’s business between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and a controlling
Shareholder or any of its subsidiaries.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023   23
     Directors’
     Report

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
     Pursuant to the Restated Articles, every Director shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company
     against all losses or liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her
     office or otherwise in relation thereto.

     The Company has maintained appropriate Directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in respect of legal actions against
     them arising out of corporate activities and such permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors are
     currently in force.

     MAJOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS
     For the Reporting Year, the aggregate purchase attributable to the Group’s largest supplier and the five largest
     suppliers accounted for approximately 22.2% and 50.6%, respectively, of the Group’s total purchases for the
     Reporting Year (Previous Reporting Year: approximately 12.8% and 38.7%, respectively). For the Reporting Year,
     revenue attributable to the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers in aggregate accounted for
     approximately 12.0% and 34.4% respectively, of the Group’s total revenue for the Reporting Year (Previous
     Reporting Year: approximately 10.3% and 37.1%, respectively).

     To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, none of the Directors, their close associates or any Shareholders (which, to
     the best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the number of issued share capital of the Company)
     had an interest in the Group’s five largest suppliers or customers.

     KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND OTHERS
     Employees
     The Group recognises employees as its valuable assets. The Group provides competitive remuneration packages to
     attract, motivate and retain appropriate and suitable personnel. The Group has also adopted an annual review system
     to assess the performance of its staff, which forms the basis of the Group’s decisions with respect to salary
     increment and promotions.

     Customers
     The Group has maintained long-standing business relationship with the majority of its five largest customers. The
     Group endeavors to accommodate its customers’ demands to the extent its resources allow in order to capture more
     opportunities for larger scale projects in the future.

     Suppliers and subcontractors
     The Group has an approved list of suppliers and selects suppliers from the list based on the quality of products or
     services, timeliness of delivery, experience of and length of partnership with suppliers, competitiveness of pricing
     and reputation of suppliers.

     Subject to the Group’s capacity and resource level and depending on the types of construction works as well as cost
     effectiveness and complexity of the projects, the Group may subcontract certain works to other subcontractors. The
     Group maintains an internal list of approved subcontractors and selects them based on their experience, quality of
     works, timeliness of completion for past projects, reputation in the industry, past performances, pricing and the
     Group’s relationship with them.




24   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES
The Group’s operations at work sites are subject to certain environmental requirements pursuant to the laws of Hong
Kong. The laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group include, among others, Air Pollution
Control Ordinance (Chapter 311 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Air Pollution Control (Non-road Mobile Machinery)
(Emission) Regulation (Chapter 311Z of the Laws of Hong Kong), Noise Control Ordinance (Chapter 400 of the Laws
of Hong Kong), Water Pollution Control Ordinance (Chapter 358 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Waste Disposal
Ordinance (Chapter 354 of the Laws of Hong Kong), and Waste Disposal (Charges for Disposal of Construction
Waste) Regulation (Chapter 354N of the Laws of Hong Kong).

In order to comply with the applicable environmental protection laws, the Group has implemented an environmental
management system which was certified to be in compliance with the standard required under ISO 14001 since
November 2010. Apart from complying with the environmental protection policies formulated by its customers, the
Group has established an environmental management policy to ensure proper management of environmental
matters and compliance with environmental laws and regulations by both its employees and workers of its
subcontractors on, among others, air pollution control, noise pollution control and waste disposal. During the
Reporting Year, the Group did not incur any material costs on environmental compliance.

COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
During the Reporting Year, to the best of knowledge of the Directors, there was no material breach of or non-
compliance with the applicable laws and regulations by the Group that has a significant impact on the businesses
and operations of the Group.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING YEAR
The Company was selected and included as a constituent stock of the following index series by Hang Seng Indexes
Company Limited with effect from 4 March 2024:

1.    Hang Seng Composite Index

2.    Hang Seng Composite Industry Index — Properties & Construction

3.    Hang Seng Composite MidCap Index

4.    Hang Seng Composite LargeCap & MidCap Index

5.    Hang Seng Composite MidCap & SmallCap Index

6.    Hang Seng Large-Mid Cap (Investable) Index

7.    Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong Index

8.    Hang Seng Stock Connect Hong Kong MidCap & SmallCap Index

9.    Hang Seng SCHK Mainland China Companies Index

10.   Hang Seng SCHK Properties & Construction Index

11.   Hang Seng SCHK Properties & Construction (Investable) Index




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   25
     Directors’
     Report

     12.   Hang Seng Stock Connect Greater Bay Area Composite Index

     13.   Hang Seng Stock Connect Greater Bay Area Hong Kong Index

     14.   Hang Seng Stock Connect Greater Bay Area Properties & Construction Index

     The Company believes that its inclusion as a constituent stock of the above index series represents increased
     recognition of the Group’s business performance and development potential, which would enhance the Company’s
     shareholder base and increase the trading liquidity of the Shares, thus resulting in greater investment value of the
     Company in the capital market.

     Save as the above, there had been no significant event since the end of the Reporting Year and up to the date of this
     annual report.

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the
     Directors confirmed that the Company had maintained a sufficient amount of public float for its Shares as required
     under the Listing Rules during the Reporting Year and up to the date of this annual report.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     No purchase, sale or redemption of the Company’s listed securities was made by the Company or any of its
     subsidiaries during the Reporting Year.

     INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
     None of the controlling Shareholders, the Directors or their respective close associates is or was interested in any
     business apart from the Group’s business that competes or competed or is or was likely to compete, either directly
     or indirectly, with the Group’s business at any time during the Reporting Year.

     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     Details of the related party transactions undertaken by the Group are set out in Note 35 to the Financial Statements.
     The related party transactions which constitute connected transactions under the Listing Rules are set out in the
     paragraph headed “Connected Transactions” below. These connected transactions have complied with the
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     One-off Connected Transactions
     During the Reporting Year, the Group had not entered into any non-exempt one-off connected transactions which
     were subject to the reporting, annual review, announcement and/or independent Shareholders’ approval
     requirements under the Listing Rules.

     The Company has engaged its auditors to report on the continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong
     Kong Standards on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or
     Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
     Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants. The auditors have issued an unqualified letter to the Board containing their conclusion in relation to the
     continuing connected transactions for the Reporting Year in accordance with rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.




26   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

SHARE OPTION SCHEME
Pursuant to the written resolutions of the then sole Shareholder on 13 March 2018, the Company adopted a share
option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) with effect from 13 March 2018. The terms of the Share Option
Scheme were summarised in Appendix IV to the prospectus of the Company dated 19 March 2018. Unless
otherwise terminated or amended, the Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years
commencing on the date of adoption. As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the Share Option
Scheme is approximately four years. The main purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to attract and retain the best
available personnel, to provide additional incentive to employees (full-time and part-time), Directors, consultants,
advisers, distributors, contractors, suppliers, agents, customers, business partners and services providers of the
Group, and to promote the business of the Group. Participants of the Share Option Scheme comprise employee (full-
time or part-time), Director, consultant or adviser of the Group, or any substantial shareholder of the Group, or any
distributor, contractor, supplier, agent, customer, business partner or service provider of the Group who, in the
absolute discretion of the Board, has contributed or may contribute to the development and growth of the Group. An
offer for the grant of options must be accepted within seven days inclusive of the day on which such offer was
made. The amount payable by the grantee of an option to the Company on acceptance of the offer for the grant of an
option is HK$1.00.

The subscription price of a Share in respect of any particular option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall be
a price solely determined by the Board and notified to a participant and shall be at least the highest of: (i) the closing
price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of offer for the grant of the
option, which must be a business day; (ii) the average of the closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Stock
Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant of the option;
and (iii) the nominal value of a Share on the date of offer for the grant of the option. An option may be exercised in
accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a period as the Board may determine
which shall not exceed ten years from the date of grant subject to the provisions of early termination thereof.

As at the date of this annual report, the total number of Shares available for issue under the Share Option Scheme
was 422,400,000 Shares, representing 10% of the entire issued share capital of the Company. The total number of
Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of options granted to any participant (including both exercised and
outstanding options) under the Share Option Scheme or other share option schemes of the Company, in any
12-month period up to the date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue. Any further grant of options in
excess of such limit must be separately approved by the Shareholders in a general meeting with such grantee and
his close associates (or his associates if the grantee is a connected person) abstaining from voting.

No share option has been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed since the effective date of the Share Option
Scheme and up to the date of this annual report.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Save as disclosed in this annual report relating to the Share Option Scheme, no equity-linked agreements that (i) will
or may result in the Company issuing Shares; or (ii) will require the Company to enter into any agreements that will
or may result in the Company issuing Shares were entered into by the Company during the Reporting Year or
subsisted at the end of the Reporting Year.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023   27
     Directors’
     Report

     DONATION
     Donations made by the Group during the Reporting Year amounted to HK$660,000 (Previous Reporting Year:
     HK$1,710,000).

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Restated Articles and there was no restriction against such
     rights under the laws of Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to
     the existing Shareholders.

     RELIEF FROM TAXATION
     The Directors are not aware of any relief from taxation available to which the Shareholders are entitled by reason of
     their holding of the Shares.

     REMUNERATIONS OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
     Details of the Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 9 to the Financial
     Statements.

     The emoluments of the Directors and senior management of the Group are determined by the remuneration
     committee of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”) with reference to their relevant qualifications,
     experience, competence and the prevailing market conditions. There was no arrangement under which the Directors
     waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the Reporting Year.

     EMOLUMENT POLICY
     The emolument policy of the Group is on the basis of the qualifications and contributions of individuals to the Group.
     The Company has adopted the Share Option Scheme as an incentive to eligible employees, details of which are set
     out in the paragraph headed “Share Option Scheme” above.

     The Directors’ fees are subject to Shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other emoluments are determined by
     the Board with reference to the Directors’ duties, responsibilities and performance, the results of the Group and
     comparable market practices.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Company is committed to maintaining the highest standard of corporate governance practices. Information on
     the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance Report in this
     annual report.

     DISCLOSURES UNDER RULES 13.20 TO 13.22 OF THE LISTING RULES
     As at 31 December 2023, the Group had no circumstances which would give rise to disclosure obligations under
     Rules 13.20 to 13.22 of the Listing Rules.




28   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

AUDIT COMMITTEE
The audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) had reviewed, together with the management and
external auditor, the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group and the audited Financial Statements
for the Reporting Year.

AUDITORS
HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited acted as the auditor of the Group for the Reporting Year. The Financial
Statements have been audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, which shall retire in the forthcoming AGM
and, being eligible, will offer itself for re-appointment. A resolution for its re-appointment as the auditor for the
coming year will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM. There has been no change in auditors since the listing date of
the Company.




By Order of the Board

Yu Zhuyun
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 16 March 2024




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   29
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     The Board is committed to high standard of corporate governance with a view to safeguarding the interests of the
     Shareholders and achieving accountability as the Group recognises the importance of maximising Shareholders’
     value through effective corporate governance procedures.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
     The Company had applied the principles and all the applicable code provisions (the “Code Provision(s)”) as set out
     under the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules during the
     Reporting Year. The Directors will periodically review the Company’s corporate governance policies and will propose
     any amendment, if necessary, to ensure compliance with the Code Provisions from time to time.

     During the Reporting Year, the Company had complied with all the applicable Code Provisions of the CG Code,
     except for Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code as explained below:

     Mr. Yu Zhuyun was appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company (the “CEO”) with effect from 30 April
     2020, and is currently serving as both the chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”) and the CEO. Such practice
     deviates from Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code. The Board believes that vesting the roles of both the Chairman
     and the CEO in the same person can facilitate the execution of the Group’s business strategies and enhance its
     operational efficiency. The Board is currently comprised of two executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and
     three independent non-executive Directors, which is appropriately structured to ensure that there is a balance of
     power to provide sufficient checks to protect the interests of the Company and the Shareholders. Therefore, the
     Board considers that the deviation from Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code is appropriate in such circumstance.

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY
     DIRECTORS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct for Directors’ securities transactions. In response
     to specific enquires by the Company, all Directors have confirmed that they have fully complied with the
     requirements set out in the Model Code during the Reporting Year.

     The senior management and staff of the Company have been individually notified and advised about the Model Code
     by the Company.




30   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board is responsible for determining the appropriate corporate governance practices applicable to the Company’s
circumstances and ensuring processes and procedures are in place to achieve the Company’s corporate governance
objectives.

The duties of the Board in performing its corporate governance functions under the CG Code include:

1.   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make
     recommendations;

2.   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior
     management of the Company;

3.   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
     requirements;

4.   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to the Directors and the
     Company’s employees; and

5.   to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance functions set out in Code Provision A.2.1 of the
CG Code. As at the date of this annual report, the Board had reviewed and monitored (a) the Company’s corporate
governance policies and practices; (b) training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior
management of the Company; (c) the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements; (d) the Company’s code of conduct and compliance manuals applicable to the Directors and the
Company’s employees; and (e) the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate
Governance Report.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on the liabilities of the Directors in respect of any legal
actions taken against the Directors arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage will be reviewed on an
annual basis.

Directors’ Training and Professional Development
All Directors have been updated with the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and other applicable
regulatory requirements to ensure their compliance with these requirements and enhance their awareness of good
corporate governance. All Directors and employees of the Group are encouraged to attend relevant training courses
to keep abreast of the latest market and regulatory changes and developments. The Board may seek independent
professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses, in order to assist and ensure that the
Directors can duly discharge their duties.

In compliance with Code Provision C.1.4 of the CG Code, the Company has allocated and provided funding to all
Directors to participate in continuous professional development organised in the form of seminars and in-house
training and/or relevant reading materials on the latest development of applicable laws, the Listing Rules and
corporate governance practices.

All Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Code Provision C.1.4 of the CG Code. During the Reporting
Year, each of the Directors had participated in continuous professional development by attending seminars, courses
or conferences and reading relevant materials to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   31
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     THE BOARD
     Role and Function
     The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group. It oversees the Group’s strategic decisions and
     monitors its business and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day
     management and operations of the Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects of
     the Company’s affairs, the Board has established three Board committees, including the Audit Committee, the
     nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) and the Remuneration Committee (together, the “Board
     Committees”). The Board has delegated to the Board Committees responsibilities as set out in their respective
     terms of references. Further details of the Board Committees are set out in the paragraph headed “Board
     Committees” below.

     Composition
     As at the date of this annual report, the Board was chaired by Mr. Yu Zhuyun and comprised seven members,
     including two executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. The
     list of Directors is set out in the Directors’ Report in this annual report.

     There is a balance of skills and experience within the Board, which is appropriate for the requirements of the
     business of the Company. Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographies of
     Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report. The Directors and senior management of the Company
     have no financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationship with each other.

     Board Diversity Policy
     The Board has adopted a board diversity policy (the“Board Diversity Policy”), with a view to achieve a sustainable
     and balanced development of the Group. In designing the Board’s composition, board diversity has been considered
     from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity,
     professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on
     meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, with due regard to the benefits of diversity
     on the Board. The Board Diversity Policy is reviewed annually by the Board to ensure effectiveness, and revisions
     will be made with the approval from the Board where appropriate.

     As at 31 December 2023, there is one female Director on the Board. Given the current composition and gender
     diversity of the Board, the Board and the Nomination Committee are of the view that it is not necessary to set
     numerical targets and timeline for achieving gender diversity of the Board for the time being. In the future, the Board
     will continue to pay due regard to the importance of diversity in identifying potential candidates for directorships and
     continue to ensure that gender is one of the factors to be considered in appointing Directors by the Nomination
     Committee. Similar considerations will also be put in place to assess the candidacy of the senior management of the
     Company from time to time.

     The Board also recognises the importance of diversity at the workforce level. As at 31 December 2023, the gender
     ratio of the workforce of the Group (including the senior management of the Company) was approximately 64:36
     male to female.

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     During the Reporting Year, the Company was in compliance with Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules. The
     Company had three independent non-executive Directors representing more than one-third of the Board, and Mr.
     Wang Wenxing is the independent non-executive Director with appropriate professional qualifications and accounting
     or related financial management expertise. No less than one third of the Directors are subject to retirement by
     rotation at each AGM in accordance with the Restated Articles.




32   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

The independent non-executive Directors are considered by the Board to be independent of the management and
free of any relationship that could materially interfere with the exercise of their independent judgments. The Board
considered that each of the independent non-executive Directors brings his own relevant expertise to the Board and
its deliberations. None of the independent non-executive Directors has any business or financial interests in the
Group nor any relationship with other Directors.

The Company has received a written annual confirmation from each independent non-executive Director of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all independent non-executive
Directors to be independent in accordance with the independence guidelines as set out in the Listing Rules.

All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business
experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. Independent non-
executive Directors are invited to serve on the Board Committees.

Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors
The Company has established the Nomination Committee on 13 March 2018. The Nomination Committee has from
time to time identified individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and made recommendations to the
Board. The main consideration in selecting candidates for directorships is whether their characters, qualifications and
experiences are appropriate for the businesses of the Group.

Each of the executive, non-executive and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a contract for
appointment with the Company for a term of three years and is subject to the termination provisions therein and the
provisions on retirement by rotation of Directors as set out in the Restated Articles.

According to the Restated Articles, any Director so appointed by the Board shall hold office, in the case of filling a
casual vacancy, only until the next AGM or, in the case of an addition to their number, until the next AGM who shall
then be eligible for re-election at such general meeting. Every Director is appointed for a specific term and is subject
to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

In accordance with Article 108(a) of the Restated Articles, at each AGM, at least one third of the Directors for the
time being, or, if the number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one
third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term)
shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-
election.

Nomination Policy
The Board has adopted a nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) on 31 December 2018 which sets out the
criteria and process in the nomination and appointment of Directors, and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance
of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company as well as the Board’s continuity and
appropriate leadership. The Nomination Committee shall identify candidates who are qualified or suitable to become
members of the Board and make recommendations to the Board on the selection of candidates nominated for
directorships. The selection of candidates will be based on a range of selection criteria as set out in the Nomination
Policy, including but not limited to, character and integrity, qualification, potential contribution the candidate can bring
to the Board in terms of qualifications, skill, experience and gender diversity, the candidate’s willingness and ability
to devote adequate time to discharge his/her duties as a member of the Board.

For the appointment of Directors, the Nomination Committee will first identify individual(s) suitably qualified to
become Board members and, where appropriate, assess their independence. Then, the Nomination Committee will
make recommendations to the Board for the Board to consider, having regard to the Board Diversity Policy and the
Nomination Policy. The Board will confirm the appointment of the suitable candidate(s) or recommend the
candidate(s) to stand for election at a general meeting of the Company. The candidate(s) who is/are appointed by the
Board to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing Board will be subject to re-election by Shareholders at
the next AGM after initial appointment in accordance with the Restated Articles.


                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023   33
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     For the re-appointment of Directors, the Nomination Committee will also consider the retiring Directors based on the
     Board Diversity Policy and the Nomination Policy and, where appropriate, assess their independence before the
     Nomination Committee makes a recommendation to the Board. After the Board considers each retiring director, the
     Board will recommend the suitable retiring director(s) to stand for re-election at the AGM in accordance with the
     Restated Articles. The Shareholders will approve the re-election of Directors at the AGM.

     The Nomination Committee shall review the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board at least annually
     to ensure that it has a balance of expertise, skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate for the
     business of the Company.

     Board Meetings
     Pursuant to Code Provision C.5.1 of the CG Code, the Board should meet regularly and board meetings should be
     held at least four times per year. The Board meets regularly to formulate the Group’s overall strategies as well as
     discuss the Group’s operation and financial performance. Additional meetings would be arranged if and when
     required. Directors may participate either in person or through electronic means of communication. During the
     Reporting Year, there were four Board meetings and three general meetings. The attendance record of each member
     of the Board of the Board meetings and the general meeting is set out below:

                                                                         Meetings attended/       Meetings attended/
                                                                          number of general         number of Board
     Name of Director                                                             meetings                 meetings


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)                                  3/3                      4/4
     Mr. Li Menglin                                                                        3/3                      4/4

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                                                                       2/3                      4/4
     Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                                                        3/3                      4/4

     Independent non-executive Directors
     Dr. Li David Xianglin                                                                 2/3                      4/4
     Mr. Wang Wenxing                                                                      2/3                      4/4
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                                                    2/3                      3/4

     Access to Information
     The Directors may, at the Company’s expenses, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances.
     The Company will, upon request, provide separate independent professional advice to Directors to assist the relevant
     Directors to discharge their duties to the Company.

     The Board is supplied with relevant information by the senior management of the Company pertaining to matters to
     be brought before the Board for decision as well as reports relating to the Group’s operational and financial
     performance before each Board meeting. Where any of the Directors requires more information than is volunteered
     by the senior management of the Company, each Director has the right to separately and independently access the
     Company’s senior management for further enquiries if necessary.




34   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

BOARD COMMITTEES
In accordance with the Restated Articles and the Listing Rules, the Board has established Board Committees,
namely, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee, for overseeing
particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board Committees are established with defined terms of reference
relating to their respective authorities and duties, which have been approved by the Board and are reviewed
periodically. The terms of reference of the Board Committees are posted on the websites of the Company and the
Stock Exchange, and are available to Shareholders upon request.

Audit Committee
The Company established the Audit Committee on 13 March 2018 in accordance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules
with the written terms of reference (which have been revised and adopted by the Board on 31 December 2018) in
compliance with the CG Code.

The Audit Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Wang Wenxing, Mr. Qiao Xiaoge and Dr. Li David
Xianglin. Mr. Wang Wenxing currently serves as the chairperson of the Audit Committee.

The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee include: (i) to make recommendations to the Board on the
appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditors; (ii) to review and monitor the external auditors’
independence and objectivity; (iii) to review the effectiveness of the Company’s audit process in compliance with
applicable standards, internal control and risk management systems; (iv) to develop and implement policy on
engaging external auditors to supply non-audit services, and to review and monitor the extent of the non-audit works
undertaken by external auditors; and (v) to monitor the integrity of the financial statements, annual reports and
accounts and half-year reports and to review significant financial reporting judgments contained in them.

The Audit Committee has explicit authority to investigate any activity within its terms of reference and the authority
to obtain outside legal or other independent professional advice if necessary. It is given access to and assistance
from the employees and reasonable resources to discharge its duties properly.

During the Reporting Year, the Audit Committee held three meetings to review the annual and interim financial
results of the Group for submission to the Board for approval, review the internal control and risk management
systems of the Group, oversee the audit process and make recommendations on the re-appointment of the external
auditors. During the Reporting Year and up to the date of this annual report, there had been no disagreement
between the Board and the Audit Committee.

The attendance record of each member of the Audit Committee during the Reporting Year is set out below:

                                                                                             Meeting(s) attended/
Audit Committee                                                                                 Eligible to attend


Mr. Wang Wenxing (Chairperson)                                                                                    3/3
Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                                                                                                   3/3
Dr. Li David Xianglin                                                                                             3/3




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   35
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     Nomination Committee
     The Company established the Nomination Committee on 13 March 2018 in accordance with Rule 3.27A of the
     Listing Rules with written terms of reference (which have been revised and adopted by the Board on 31 December
     2018) in compliance with the CG Code. The Nomination Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Yu
     Zhuyun, Mr. Wang Wenxing and Dr. Zhou Chunsheng. Mr. Yu Zhuyun currently serves as the chairperson of the
     Nomination Committee.

     The primary responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include: (i) to review the structure, size, composition and
     diversity of the Board in accordance with the Board Diversity Policy at least annually; (ii) to identify individuals suitably
     qualified to become Board members; (iii) to assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors; (iv) to
     make recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating to the appointment or re-appointment of Directors
     and succession planning for Directors; and (v) to make recommendations to the Board regarding candidates to fill
     vacancies on the Board and/or senior management of the Company.

     The Nomination Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Year to review the structure, size and
     composition of the Board in accordance with the Board Diversity Policy, assess the independence of the independent
     non-executive Directors and make recommendations to the Board on the proposal of re-appointment of Directors at
     the forthcoming AGM.

     The attendance record of each member of the Nomination Committee during the Reporting Year is set out below:

                                                                                                        Meeting(s) attended/
     Nomination Committee                                                                                  Eligible to attend


     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairperson)                                                                                             1/1
     Mr. Wang Wenxing                                                                                                        1/1
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                                                                                      1/1

     Remuneration Committee
     The Company established the Remuneration Committee on 13 March 2018 in accordance with Rule 3.25 of the
     Listing Rules with written terms of reference (which has been revised and adopted by the Board on 14 December
     2022) in compliance with the CG Code. The Remuneration Committee consists of three members, namely Dr. Li
     David Xianglin, Dr. Zhou Chunsheng and Ms. Zhu Yujuan. Dr. Li David Xianglin currently serves as the chairperson of
     the Remuneration Committee.




36   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include: (i) to review and make recommendations to the Board
on the overall remuneration policy and structure relating to all Directors and senior management of the Group; (ii) to
make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration of independent non-executive Directors; (iii) to review and
make recommendations to the Board on other remuneration-related matters, including benefits-in-kinds, pension
rights and the compensation payable to the Directors and the Group’s senior management; (iv) to review
performance-based remuneration and to establish a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies in
relation to remuneration; (v) to consider the salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and
responsibilities and employment conditions elsewhere in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (vi) to review and/or
approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

The remuneration of the Directors and the Group’s senior management is determined with reference to the
responsibilities, the workload, the time devoted and the performance of the Directors and the Group’s senior
management. The Remuneration Committee also ensures that no individual will be involved in determining his/her
own remuneration.

The remuneration of the Group’s senior management during the Reporting Year is listed below by band:

Band of remuneration                                                                                 No. of person(s)


Up to HK$1,000,000                                                                                                    2

Further details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals is set out in Note 9 to the
Financial Statements.

During the Reporting Year, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting to, among others, review the policy for
the remuneration of executive Directors, assess the performance of executive Directors, approve the terms of
executive Directors’ service contracts, review the remuneration packages of individual Directors and senior
management of the Company and made recommendations to the Board on the above matters.

The attendance record of each member of the Remuneration Committee during the Reporting Year is set out below:

                                                                                               Meeting(s) attended/
Remuneration Committee                                                                            Eligible to attend


Dr. Li David Xianglin (Chairperson)                                                                                 1/1
Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                                                                                      1/1
Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                                                                                  1/1

AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
The Audit Committee is responsible for considering the appointment and re-election of the Company’s external
auditor and reviewing any non-audit functions performed by the external auditors, including whether such non-audit
functions could lead to any potential material adverse effect to the Company.

For the Reporting Year, the remuneration paid/payable to the external auditors, HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited,
in respect of its audit services and non-audit services was approximately HK$1,580,000 and HK$435,000,
respectively. The non-audit services related to assisting in reviewing the disclosure of interim financial report and the
tax compliance work of the Company and certain subsidiaries during the Reporting Year.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   37
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Mr. Tung Tat Chiu, Michael (“Mr. Tung”), was appointed as the Company Secretary on 3 May 2023. During the
     Reporting Year, Mr. Tung had taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule
     3.29 of the Listing Rules. The biography of Mr. Tung is set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and
     Senior Management” in this annual report.

     Mr. Tung is an external service provider engaged by the Company as the Company Secretary and Ms. Hu Longzhi,
     the chief financial officer of the Company, will be the key contact person with whom Mr. Tung can contact.

     DIRECTORS’ AND AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     The Directors acknowledge and understand their responsibility in relation to the preparation of the Financial
     Statements and seek to ensure that the Financial Statements are prepared in a manner which give a true and fair
     view of the state of affairs of the Group as a going concern and are in compliance with the relevant accounting
     standards and principles, applicable laws and disclosure requirements under the Listing Rules. In presenting the
     Financial Statements, announcements and other financial disclosures required under the Listing Rules, the Directors
     aim to present a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of the position and prospects of the Group. The
     Directors are of the view that the Financial Statements were prepared on this basis. The Directors were not aware of
     any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern.

     The statement by the auditors of the Group regarding their reporting responsibilities on the Financial Statements is
     set out in the Independent Auditors’ Report in this annual report.

     DIVIDEND POLICY
     The Company has established a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) on 31 December 2018 with an aim to strike
     a balance between maintaining sufficient capital to develop and operate the business of the Group and rewarding the
     Shareholders. According to the Dividend Policy, in deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the
     dividend amount, the Board shall take into account the following factors:

     (a)   the Company’s operating results, actual and expected financial performance;

     (b)   retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

     (c)   the level of the Group’s debt-to-equity ratio, return on equity and the relevant financial covenants;

     (d)   any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders;

     (e)   the Group’s expected working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion
           plans;

     (f)   the Group’s liquidity position;

     (g)   general economic conditions, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal and external factors
           that may have an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

     (h)   any other factors that the Board may deem appropriate and relevant.




38   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

The declaration and payment of dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies
Laws of the Cayman Islands, any applicable laws, rules and regulations and the Restated Articles. The declaration
and payment of future dividend under the Dividend Policy are subject to the Board’s determination that the same
would be in the best interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole. The Board will review the Dividend
Policy from time to time and may exercise at its sole and absolute discretion to update, amend and/or modify the
Dividend Policy at any time as it deems fit and necessary.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the Company’s risk management and internal control systems, and for
reviewing its effectiveness. The Board oversees the Group’s overall risk management and internal control systems
on an ongoing basis. At the same time, the Group endeavors to identify risks (including ESG risks), control impact of
the identified risks and facilitate the implementation of coordinated mitigating measures. The risk management and
internal control systems are compatible with the principles in the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of
Treadway Commission (COSO) — Integrated Framework 2013, which are designed to manage rather than eliminate
the risk of failures in order to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute
assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Group has established a risk management policy which sets out the process of identification, evaluation and
management of the principal risks affecting the business. Each division is responsible for identifying and assessing
principal risks within itself and establishing mitigation plans to manage the risks identified. The senior management
of the Company is responsible for overseeing the Group’s risk management and internal control activities, attending
meetings with each division to ensure principal risks are properly managed, and new risks are identified and
documented. The Board is responsible for reviewing and approving the effectiveness and adequacy of the Group’s
risk management and internal control systems.

The Company currently does not have an internal audit function. During the Reporting Year, the Company has
engaged an external risk management and internal control review consultant (the “Consultant”) to conduct a review
of the Group’s risk management and internal control covering the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023.
Such review is conducted annually. The scope of the Consultant’s review was previously determined and approved
by the Board and covered internal controls in relation to the Group’s property development and investment business,
property management business, fixed asset management, human resources and payroll management. The
Consultant has reported findings and areas for improvement to the Board. The Board is of the view that there has
been no material risk management and internal control deficiency noted. All recommendations given by the
Consultant will be properly followed up by the Group to ensure that they are implemented within a reasonable period
of time.

The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and ensuring review of
the effectiveness of these systems has been conducted annually. Several areas have been considered during the
Board’s review, which include but not limited to (i) the changes in the nature and extent of significant risks since the
last annual review, and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment; (ii) the
scope and quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems.

The Board, through its review and the review made by the Consultant and Audit Committee, concluded that the risk
management and internal control systems were effective and adequate. Such systems, however, are designed to
manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and
not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. It is also considered that the resources, qualifications
and experience of the relevant staff were adequate and the training programs and budget provided were sufficient.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   39
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     INSIDE INFORMATION POLICY
     The Group has adopted a policy on disclosure of insider information with the aim to ensure that the insiders are
     abiding by the confidentiality requirements and are fulfilling the disclosure obligations of the inside information.

     WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY
     The Company has put in place a whistleblowing policy (the “Whistleblowing Policy”) which applies to all the
     directors and employees of the Group and any parties who deal with the Group. The policy is designed to provide the
     employees and any external parties with confidential whistleblowing channels to report to the Group the actual or
     suspected illegal activities and misconducts in corporate financial reporting, internal control or other areas.

     Whistleblowers are able to contact the Board directly through the contact method provided on the Company’s
     website. The identity of the whistleblower and all the concerns or irregularities raised will be treated with
     confidentiality and every effort will be made to ensure that confidentiality is maintained throughout the process.

     The Audit Committee, which is responsible for overseeing and monitoring of the Whistleblowing Policy and its
     mechanism, will make decisions on further actions (if needed).

     The Company is also committed to ensuring the protection of the whistleblowers against detrimental or unfair
     treatment.

     ANTI-CORRUPTION
     The Company does not tolerate any corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud or money laundering during the course of its
     business activities. The Company strictly adheres to the relevant regulations and laws, such as the Prevention of
     Bribery Ordinance (Chapter 201 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist
     Financing Ordinance (Chapter 615 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the PRC, Criminal Law
     of the PRC, and other laws and regulations related to commercial bribery. The Company has formulated an anti-
     corruption policy (the “Anti-Corruption Policy”) which prohibits all forms of corruption practice by making reference
     to the relevant laws and regulations. The Anti-Corruption Policy forms an integral part of the Company’s corporate
     governance framework, which sets out the specific behavioural guidelines that the employees of the Group must
     follow to combat corruption. The Anti-Corruption Policy is reviewed and updated on a regular basis to align with the
     applicable laws and regulations as well as the industry best practices. All the employees of the Group are informed
     and expected to act with integrity, impartiality and honesty.




40   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company considers that effective communication with the Shareholders and potential investors is essential for
facilitating investor relations and enhancing their understanding of the Group’s business, performance and strategies.
The Company has adopted the Shareholders’ communication policy with the objective of ensuring that the
Shareholders and potential investors are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and
understandable information about the Company (including financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material
development, governance and risk profile). The Company also recognises the importance of timely and non-selective
disclosure of information, which will enable the Shareholders and potential investors to make informed investment
decisions.

To promote effective communication, the Company maintains the website of www.centralenergy.cn, where up-to-
date information of the Company’s business operations and developments, financial information, corporate
governance practices and other information is available for public access. Latest information of the Group, including
annual and interim reports, announcements and other corporate communications which will be sent to Shareholders
and/or published, are updated on the website of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company
(www.centralenergy.cn) in a timely fashion.

For procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board, please refer to the subsection headed “Procedures by
which enquiries may be put to the Board” below.

The Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the investor relations policy of the Company.
Having considered that diverse channels of communication have been put in place, the Board is satisfied that an
effective investor relations policy has been properly implemented throughout the Reporting Year.

The forthcoming AGM of the Company will be held on Friday, 28 June 2024. The notice of the AGM, setting out the
details of each proposed resolution, voting procedures and other relevant information, will be sent to the
Shareholders at least 21 days before the date of the AGM.

SHAREHOLDER’S RIGHTS
Procedures for convening general meetings by Shareholders
The Company’s general meeting provides an opportunity for communication between the Shareholders and the
Board. In accordance with Article 72 of the Restated Articles, at any general meeting, a resolution put to the vote of
the meeting shall be decided by poll save that the chairman of the meeting may, in good faith, allow a resolution be
voted by a show of hands. The chairman of the meeting will explain such rights and procedures during the AGM
before voting on the resolutions.

Pursuant to Article 64 of the Restated Articles, Shareholders can make a requisition to convene an extraordinary
general meeting (the “EGM”). The procedure for the Shareholders to convene an EGM are as follows:

1.   any one or more shareholders (the “Requisitionist”) holding, at the date of deposit of requisition, not less than
     one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings shall have the
     right, by written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary, to require an EGM to be called by the
     Board for the transaction of any business or resolution specified in such requisition; and

2.   such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such
     deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the Requisitionist(s) himself/themselves may do
     so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the Requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of
     the Board shall be reimbursed to the Requisitionist(s) by the Company.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023   41
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     Procedures for putting forward proposals at Shareholders’ meetings
     Shareholders are requested to follow Article 64 of the Restated Articles for including a resolution at an EGM. The
     requirements and procedures are set out in the paragraph headed “Procedures for Convening General Meetings by
     Shareholders” above.

     Shareholders are welcomed to suggest proposals relating to the operations, strategies and/or management of the
     Group at Shareholders’ meetings. Proposals shall be sent by written requisition of his/her proposal (the “Proposal”)
     together with his/her detailed contact information to the Board or the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal
     place of business in Hong Kong as set out in the section headed “Corporation Information” in this annual report.

     The request will be verified with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong and upon their confirmation that
     the request is proper and in order, the Board will be asked to include the Proposal in the agenda for the general
     meeting.

     The notice period to be given to the Shareholders for consideration of the Proposal raised by the Shareholder
     concerned at the general meeting varies according to the nature of the Proposal as follows:

     —     at least 21 days’ notice in writing if the Proposal requires approval by way of resolution in any AGM; and

     —     at least 14 days’ notice in writing if the Proposal requires approval by way of resolution in any EGM.

     Procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board
     For matters in relation to the Board, Shareholders may send their enquiries and concerns to the Board by addressing
     them to the Board or the Company Secretary by mail to the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong set
     out in the section headed “Corporation Information” in this annual report.

     For share registration related matters, such as share transfers and registrations, change of name or address, loss of
     share certificates or dividend warrants, the registered Shareholder can contact:

     Branch Share Registrar and Transfer Office in Hong Kong
     Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
     2103B, 21/F
     148 Electric Road
     North Point
     Hong Kong
     Tel: (852) 2153-1688
     Fax: (852) 3020-5058

     SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
     On 20 April 2023, the Shareholders have approved at the annual general meeting the proposed amendments to the
     Restated Articles to, among others, (i) reflect the amendments to Appendix A1 to the Listing Rules regarding the
     core shareholder protection standards; (ii) enable the Company to convene and hold electronic or hybrid general
     meetings of the Shareholders and provide flexibility to the Company in relation to the conduct of general meetings;
     and (iii) make other miscellaneous and housekeeping changes to update or clarify the provisions where it is
     considered desirable or to better align the wordings with the Listing Rules and the applicable laws of the Cayman
     Islands. For details, please refer to the circular of the Company dated 28 March 2023.

     Save as disclosed above, there had been no significant changes in the constitutional documents of the Company
     during the Reporting Year.




42   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


OVERVIEW
This report covers Central New Energy Holding Group Limited and its subsidiaries for the period from 1 January 2023
to 31 December 2023 (the “Reporting Year” or “Reporting Period”).

Unless otherwise stated, this report covers the Group’s core businesses located in Mainland China:

(i)     green building and construction related business;

(ii)    new energy and EPC;

(iii)   smart energy management services;

(iv)    health and wellness; and

(v)     F&B supply chain.

The policy documents, statements and data in this report cover the actual business scope of Central New Energy.
Unless otherwise specified, the monetary amounts mentioned in this report are denominated in RMB.


REPORTING SCOPE AND STANDARDS
This report was prepared in compliance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the “ESG
Reporting Guide”) set out in Appendix C2 to the Main Board Listing Rules of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the “Stock Exchange”), and adheres to the reporting principles of materiality, quantitative, balance and
consistency set out in the ESG Reporting Guide.


SOURCES AND RELIABILITY STATEMENT
The sources of data used in this report include internal documents of the Group and its subsidiaries, relevant
statistics, financial statements, public reports and reports, as well as information from third-party surveys or
interviews, government departments and professional organizations. The Group undertakes that this report does not
contain any false records or misleading statements and accepts liability for the truthfulness, accuracy and
completeness of its contents.

This report was approved by the Board of the Group on 16 March 2024 after confirmation by the Company’s
management.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   43
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     TERMS OF THE REPORT
     For the convenience of expression and reading, unless otherwise stated, the terms “the Group” and “ Central New
     Energy” in this report refer to Central New Energy Holding Group Limited. The terms “we” and “us” refer to the
     Group and its subsidiaries.

     Full name                                                                                 Abbreviation

     Central New Energy Holding Group Limited                                                  Central New Energy

     Central Low Carbon (Anhui) New Energy Photovoltaic Technology                             Central Low Carbon New Energy
       Co., Ltd.* (中環低碳(安徽)新能源光伏科技有限公司)

     Anhui Zhong Gang Property Service Co., Ltd.*                                              Zhong Gang Property
       (安徽中港物業服務有限公司)

     Central DigiTech (Jiang Su) Intelligent Technology Inc.*                                  Central DigiTech
       (中環數科(江蘇)智能科技有限公司)

     Central Low Carbon New Energy (Fengtai) Photovoltaic                                      Fengtai Base
       Industrial Base* (中環低碳新能源(鳳台)光伏產業基地)

     Zhejiang Xintianpu Agricultural Travel Development Ltd*                                   Zhejiang Xintianpu
       (浙江新田鋪農旅開發有限公司)

                                 Explanation of abbreviations of the Group and its key subsidiaries


     GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
     (i)   Governance Structure
           In strict compliance with the requirements of the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, the
           Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The
           Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, Central New Energy has continued to optimize its corporate governance
           structure and internal control system, strengthened efforts in information management and disclosure, and
           actively engaged in investor relations management , so as to safeguard efficient and compliant corporate
           governance and to lay the foundation for the Group’s long-term and steady development.

           We have established an operational decision-making structure comprising the general meeting of Shareholders,
           the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the operating management. The general meeting of Shareholders,
           the Board and the Supervisory Committee serve as the highest authority, the executive body and the
           supervisory body of the Company, respectively, which together with the operating management form a
           governance mechanism with clear delineation of powers and responsibilities, and coordination and checks and
           balances among themselves, so as to adequately safeguard the interests of the stakeholders and the Group.




     *     English translation of the name of a Chinese company is provided for identification purpose only.




44   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                                                   General Meeting




                             Supervisory                                        Audit Committee
                             Committee



                                                                                  Remuneration
                                                        Board                     Committee



                                                                                   Nomination
                                                                                   Committee

                                                     Operating
                                                     Management




                             Green Building         Smart Energy
        New Energy                                                         Health and           F&B Supply
                            and Construction        Management
         and EPC                                                            Wellness              Chain
                            Related Business          Services


                                       Figure 1: Group Governance Structure

(ii)   Sustainable Development Governance
       During the Reporting Period, the Board of the Group was fully responsible for the Group’s ESG strategies and
       reporting. The Board is responsible for evaluating and identifying the Group’s ESG-related risks, and ensuring
       the establishment of appropriate and effective ESG risk management and internal control systems. Our
       Management are delegated the responsibility of coordinating the implementation of the Group’s environment,
       employment and service quality assurance policies.

       The Board leads and provides direction to Management by developing ESG policies and initiatives, supervising
       their implementation and monitoring ESG performance. The Board continues to explore ways to further
       strengthen the ESG governance of the Group. The Board reviews ESG affairs regularly, including environmental
       protection, employment and labour practices, operating practices and community investment, and implements
       appropriate measures to enhance the ESG performance of the Group.

       During the Reporting Period, in order to further address regulatory disclosure requirements and establish a
       robust ESG management framework, we formed an ESG Task Force. This task force is dedicated to
       systematically and regularly handling ESG reporting and disclosure matters, establishing ESG management
       structures and mechanisms, and facilitating the establishment of the Group’s ESG department. We plan to
       focus on the construction of the Group’s ESG management system in 2024. This includes setting up
       governance structures and working mechanisms that cover decision-making, management, and execution
       levels. It aims to clarify the responsibilities of functional departments, business segments, and business lines,
       including but not limited to budget preparation, organizational structure establishment, process optimization,
       and personnel recruitment.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   45
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     CORPORATE GOALS AND VISIONS
     Central New Energy is committed to green development and contributing to a low-carbon China. Guided by the core
     belief of “responsibility at heart”, the Company aspires to be a respected and outstanding enterprise in society. In
     active response to the national call, the Group focuses on the high-end photovoltaic manufacturing during our
     transformation and development under the “dual carbon” goal by building on TOPCon battery technology. Through
     delivering excellent product quality and higher performance, the Group aims to continuously create value for
     customers and contribute to the development of the national low-carbon new energy industry. Meanwhile, the Group
     is expanding into industrial internet, technology innovation investment, supply chain, and smart logistics sectors,
     pursuing high-quality and sustainable development. The goal is to become an outstanding enterprise in the
     photovoltaic field.

     MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
     During the Reporting Year, the Group identified a total of 27 material issues, including 7 environmental issues, 16
     social issues, and 4 governance issues. Through an online questionnaire, we invited internal and external
     stakeholders to assess the materiality of these issues from two dimensions of “importance to external stakeholders”
     and “importance to the sustainable development of the Group”, as well as to express their opinions and suggestions
     on the Group’s sustainable development strategy, relevant performance, reporting methods, disclosure quality, and
     other aspects.

     Step           Process                              Description

     1              Preliminary identification of        Conduct preliminary identification of ESG material issues with
                    material issues                      reference to the regulatory requirements of the Stock Exchange’s
                                                         ESG Reporting Guide, GRI Standards, material issues issued by the
                                                         Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), major ESG
                                                         rating agencies and information from listed companies in the same
                                                         industry in Hong Kong.

     2              Stakeholder interviews and           Conduct interviews and on-site investigations with executives of
                    communication                        the Group and its subsidiaries to understand the performance and
                                                         requirements in ESG aspects for each business segment in 2023.

     3              Questionnaire analysis               Conduct ESG material issue surveys in the form of questionnaires
                                                         among internal and external stakeholders of the Group, and gather
                                                         stakeholders’ ranking of the importance of material issues and their
                                                         opinions and suggestions on the Group’s ESG practices.

     4              Adjustment and confirmation of       Based on the interviews, communication and survey findings,
                    material issue ranking               statistically analyze the issue scores and allocate weights to issues
                                                         based on their importance to internal and external stakeholders,
                                                         develop the ESG issue materiality matrix for 2023 based on the
                                                         dimensions of “importance to external stakeholders” and
                                                         “importance to the sustainable development of the Group”, and
                                                         review and evaluate the selected results by internal management
                                                         and external experts.

     5              Responses to and disclosure of       For material issues, provide key responses and disclosures in the
                    material issues                      report and develop corresponding action plans.

                                                Material Issues Assessment Process




46   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


STAKEHOLDERS COMMUNICATION
Central New Energy firmly believes that the sustainable development of a company relies on the input and
engagement of stakeholders. We actively listen to the voices of stakeholders and use them as a basis for further
enhancing the Company’s ESG practices. During the Reporting Year, we identified six categories of key internal and
external stakeholders, including government and regulatory bodies, Shareholders and investors, suppliers and
partners, customers, communities and employees. We establish various communication channels to regularly collect
and respond to the expectations and requirements of each stakeholder group.

Stakeholders            Sustainable development                         Main communication
                        issues in focus                                 channels

Government and          •    Anti-corruption                            •     Onsite visits and inspections
Regulatory bodies       •    Emissions, sewage discharge and waste      •     Working report
                             management                                 •     Policy implementation
                        •    Labour standards                           •     Information disclosure
                        •    Risk management and compliance             •     Industry exchanges and
                        •    Business ethics                                  collabouration

Shareholders and        •    Risk management and compliance             •     General meeting of shareholders
Investors               •    Anti-corruption                            •     Periodic reports and announcements
                        •    Product liability                          •     Performance briefings
                        •    R&D and innovation                         •     Investor hotline
                        •    Energy management                          •     Telephone and email communication

Suppliers & Partners    •    Risk management and compliance             •     Supplier assessment
                        •    Emissions, sewage discharge and waste      •     Supplier code of conduct
                             management                                 •     Irregular site visits
                        •    Corporate governance                       •     Telephone and email communication
                        •    Health and safety
                        •    Labour standards

Customers               •    Risk management and compliance             •     Industry exhibitions
                        •    Product liability                          •     Satisfaction survey
                        •    Business ethics                            •     Regular visits
                        •    Anti-corruption                            •     Telephone and email inquiries
                        •    Emissions, sewage discharge and waste      •     Official complaint channels
                             management

Community               •    Product liability                          •     Public welfare activities
                        •    Risk management and compliance             •     Public welfare donation
                        •    Anti-corruption                            •     Corporate open day
                        •    Emissions, sewage discharge and waste
                             management
                        •    Employee compensation and benefits

Employees               •    Employee compensation and benefits         •     Employee symposium
                        •    Health and safety                          •     Staff training
                        •    Labour standards                           •     Satisfaction survey
                        •    Risk management and compliance             •     Complaints and feedback
                        •    Anti-corruption                            •     Employee activities




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   47
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     During the Reporting Year, the Group and stakeholders have identified the following significant areas and aspects:


                                                                                                                                                                 25

                                                                                                                                          26
                                                                                                                                                       14

                                                                                                                                                                      17




                                  Importance to external stakeholders
                                                                                                                                                   8
                                                                                                          19          11        23
                                                                                                                                              18
                                                                                                                                          9
                                                                                                                                                       27
                                                                                                                                     12
                                                                                                                           2
                                                                                                                                                                 1
                                                                                                               15
                                                                                                                           16
                                                                                                                      7                        24
                                                                                                                           5
                                                                                                                                13
                                                                                                 3
                                                                                                           21              6
                                                                                            10
                                                                                       20            22
                                                                              4




                                                                                        Importance to internal stakeholders

                                                                                  Governance                        Environmental                       Social issues
                                                                                  issues                            issues


                                                                        Material Issues Identification of Central New Energy

     Environmental
     1    Emissions management                                                    2    Energy management                                                    3    Use of Resource
     4    Climate change                                                          5    Water resources management                                           6    Environment and natural
                                                                                                                                                                 resources
     7     Green energy use and innovation

     Social
     8    Health and safety                                                       9    Labour standards                                                     10   Development and training
     11 Protection of employee rights                                             12   Employment                                                           13   Employee compensation and
          and interests                                                                                                                                          benefits
     14 Product liability                                                         15   Product design and full life cycle                                   16   Supply chain management
     17 R&D and innovation                                                        18   Intellectual property protection                                     19   Information security
                                                                                                                                                                 management
     20    Diversity and inclusion                                                21   Industry cooperation and                                             22   Community investment
                                                                                       exchange
     23    Protection of consumer rights
           and interests

     Governance
     24 Corporate governance                                                      25   Risk management and                                                  26   Anti-corruption
                                                                                       compliance
     27    Business ethics




48   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


A.   ENVIRONMENTAL ASPECT
     A1 Emissions
        Central New Energy adheres to the concept of green development and is committed to building an
        environmentally friendly enterprise. We are steadfast in promoting green and low-carbon transformation,
        continuously deepening our green operation models, sounding the “call to action” for green energy, and
        drawing the “circle of unity” for a green China. The Group strictly complies with national and regional
        industry standards and environmental laws and regulations in the places of operation, such as the Law of
        the People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, the Law of the People’s
        Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Air Pollution, the Law of the People’s Republic of
        China on Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Wastes, the Emission Standards of
        Pollutants for Battery Industry (GB 30484-2013), and the Emission Standard for Industrial Enterprises
        Noise at Boundary (GB 12348-2008). We carry out environmental management to properly dispose of or
        treat various emissions generated during production and operation, so as to ensure that wastewater,
        exhaust gas and noise emissions meet required standards, and solid waste is managed and disposed in a
        standardized manner.

        During the Reporting Period, the emissions generated by the Group in the operational process mainly
        include greenhouse gases and air pollutants resulting from the purchase of external electricity, use of fuel
        and vehicle oil, production wastewater, domestic wastewater, general solid wastes such as household
        waste and packaging waste, and hazardous solid waste such as physical and chemical sludge. We have
        set emission targets at the Fengtai Base and carried out environmental management to properly dispose
        of or treat various emissions during production and operation, so as to ensure that wastewater, exhaust
        gas and noise emissions meet required standards, and solid waste is managed and disposed in a
        standardized manner.

                                            Compliance of Compliance of                                   COD of
                                              air emission noise emission             Solid waste     wastewater
                                                 standards      standards             compliance       discharge


        Set target                                    100%              100%               100%         ≤130 mg/L
        Actual achievement                            100%              100%               100%         19.69 mg/L

        (i)   Hazardous and Non-hazardous Air Emissions
              •   Hazardous air emissions
                  The air emissions of generated by the Group mainly consist of sulfur oxides (SOx), nitrogen
                  oxides (NOx), particulate matter (PM) and volatile organic compounds (VOCs) produced during
                  the production and operation of the Fengtai Base. Central Low Carbon New Energy has
                  formulated and implemented the Exhaust Gas Emission Control Procedures, Chemical
                  Management Procedures and other relevant system documents for the management of
                  exhaust gas emissions, and set up exhaust gas collection and treatment devices to ensure
                  that the exhaust gas is discharged in compliance with the standards.

                   The air pollutant emissions from the Group during the Reporting Period are set out below:

                   Type of air pollutant                                       Unit                           2023


                   Nitrogen oxides (NOX)                                      kilogram                      444.19
                   Sulfur oxides (SOx)                                        kilogram                        0.48
                   Particulate matter (PM)                                    kilogram                      908.83
                   Volatile organic compounds (VOCs)                          kilogram                    2,817.07




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   49
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                        •     Greenhouse gas emission
                              The Group’s greenhouse gas emissions mainly come from direct emissions from fixed
                              combustion and mobile vehicle use, and indirect emissions from purchased electricity.

                              Details of the Group’s greenhouse gas emissions during the Reporting Period are set out
                              below:

                              Type of indicator                                      Unit                          2023


                              Scope 1: Direct emissions                              tCO2e                       149.36
                              Scope 2: Indirect emissions                            tCO2e                    69,767.39
                              Total greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 + Scope 2)     tCO2e                    69,916.75
                              Greenhouse gas emission intensity                      tCO2e/Revenue
                                                                                     (HK$ million)                 17.36

                 (ii)   Waste Management
                        The hazardous waste generated by the Group mainly includes chemical waste such as waste
                        organic solvents, waste lubricating oil, and waste chemical packaging materials. Our non-hazardous
                        waste mainly includes sludge, waste soil, and household waste. Through our Solid Waste
                        Management Procedures and in conjunction with multiple departments at our Fengtai Base, we
                        have established comprehensive control measures for general solid waste and hazardous waste
                        generated during the production and operation processes, including the entire process of
                        generation, identification, collection, storage, transfer, and disposal. We have engaged qualified
                        agencies with hazardous waste operation licenses and pollution discharge permits to handle
                        recyclable waste and hazardous waste.

                        Data on hazardous waste and non-hazardous waste generated by the Group during the Reporting
                        Period are set out below:

                        Type of waste                                                Unit                          2023


                        Total hazardous waste generation                             Tonne                          8.66
                        Hazardous waste generation intensity                         Tonne/revenue
                                                                                     (HK$ million)               0.0021

                        Type of waste                                                Unit                          2023


                        Total non-hazardous waste generation                         Tonne                     3,096.38
                        Non-hazardous waste generation intensity                     Tonne/revenue
                                                                                     (HK$ million)                  0.77




50   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


    (iii)   Wastewater Management
            We have formulated and implemented system documents such as Standard Operating Guidelines
            for Wastewater Treatment Stations, Operating Guidelines for Chemical Filling at Wastewater
            Stations and Standard Operating Guidelines for Labouratory Testing, and installed monitoring
            equipment at the main wastewater discharge port to conduct real-time online monitoring of
            wastewater discharge and treatment. All non-recyclable wastewater reaches the Emission
            Standards of Pollutants for Battery Industry (GB30484- 2013) after treatment.

            Wastewater discharges generated by the Group mainly come from hydrofluoric acid rinsing
            wastewater, RO concentrated water, alkaline wastewater, ammonium sulfate wastewater, acidic
            wastewater and domestic sewage generated in the course of production and operation of the
            Fengtai Base.

            During the Reporting Period, the wastewater discharge of the Group is set out below:

            Wastewater type                                               Unit                           2023


            Hydrofluoric acid rinsing wastewater                          Tonne                     643,162.50
            RO concentrated water                                         Tonne                     241,897.00
            Alkaline wastewater                                           Tonne                      21,749.00
            Ammonium sulfate wastewater                                   Tonne                      14,305.00
            Acidic wastewater                                             Tonne                       6,244.50
            Domestic sewage                                               Tonne                      19,132.00

    (iv)    Mitigation Measure
            Central New Energy adheres to the concept of green development and is committed to building an
            environmentally friendly enterprise. We are steadfast in promoting green and low-carbon
            transformation, continuously deepening our green operation models, sounding the “call to action”
            for green energy, and drawing the “circle of unity” for a green China. During the Reporting Period,
            we set emission targets for our Fengtai Base where we carried out environmental management to
            properly dispose of or treat various emissions generated during production and operation, so as to
            ensure that exhaust gas, wastewater and noise emissions meet required standards, and solid waste
            is managed and disposed in a standardized manner.

                                         Compliance of Compliance of                                   COD of
                                           air emission noise emission           Solid waste       wastewater
                                              standards      standards           compliance         discharge


            Set target                             100%             100%              100%          ≤130 mg/L
            Actual achievement                     100%             100%              100%          19.69 mg/L




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   51
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


           A2 Use of Resources
                 The Group’s main energy consumption during operations includes purchased electricity, gasoline for
                 vehicles, natural gas, and liquefied petroleum gas. Our water consumption mainly includes office and
                 domestic water usage, as well as clean and production water required for the Fengtai Base. We
                 continuously optimize our energy management system and have established regulations such as the
                 Energy Management Procedure to standardize the management of the use of energy such as electricity,
                 water, and natural gas, so as to ensure reasonable and effective utilization, reduce energy consumption,
                 and improve energy efficiency.

                 During the Reporting Period, the Group’s energy consumption is set out below:

                                                Type of energy                         Unit                              2023

                 Direct energy consumption            Gasoline                         Liter                       32,425.00
                                                      Natural gas                      Cubic meter                 21,531.00
                                                      Liquefied petroleum gas          Tonne                            7.73
                                                      Photovoltaic power generation    kWh                      7,055,573.00
                 Indirect energy consumption          Purchased electricity            kWh                    122,334,549.38
                 Total comprehensive                                                   kWh                    129,954,121.36
                   energy consumption
                 Comprehensive energy                                                  kWh/revenue                  32,260.30
                   consumption intensity                                               (HK$ million)

                 (i)    Energy Consumption Management
                        The Group continuously promotes the construction and improvement of its energy consumption
                        management system. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s Fengtai Base put into operation the
                        FMCS (Facility Monitoring Control System) and adopted the operation and management mode of
                        centralized shift scheduling and regular inspection. We have set targets for the energy consumption
                        of batteries and components, and as of the end of the Reporting Period, the respective
                        comprehensive energy consumption per unit of battery and component had reached the pre-
                        determined targets.

                                                                                       Comprehensive       Comprehensive
                                                                                                energy             energy
                                                                                      consumption per consumption per
                                                                                        unit of battery unit of component

                                                                                          8.60 tonnes of       2.46 tonnes of
                        Set target                                                    standard coal/MW     standard coal/MW
                                                                                          8.32 tonnes of       1.74 tonnes of
                        Actual achievement                                            standard coal/MW     standard coal/MW

                 (ii)   Water Resource Management
                        The Group’s water source is supplied by the municipal water system, and there are no direct or
                        indirect significant impacts on water resources resulting from changes in water intake,
                        consumption, discharge or storage. We have effectively strengthened our water resources
                        management through setting water conservation targets, implementing a number of water
                        conservation initiatives in our production and operational activities, and carrying out special training
                        on water conservation.

                        During the Reporting Period, the Group’s water consumption is set out below:

                        Water consumption                                         Unit                                   2023

                        Total water consumption                                   Tonne                       1,487,645.00
                        Water consumption intensity                               Tonne/revenue (HK$ million)       369.30



52   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


      (iii)   Packaging Material Management
              We are committed to building a resource-saving and environment-friendly enterprise and actively
              promote the reduction and recycling of packaging materials to minimize the impact on the ecological
              environment. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s consumption of packaging materials was
              primarily concentrated on battery and component products, which mainly included cartons,
              cardboard, wooden pallets, packing tapes, wrapping films and corner protectors, with a total usage
              of 765 tonnes. The specific breakdown is as follows:

              Packaging material category                             Unit                                2023

              Plastics                                                Tonne                                  22
              Paper-based                                             Tonne                                345
              Metal                                                   Tonne                                  23
              Other packaging materials                               Tonne                                375
              Total consumption of packaging materials                Tonne                                765
              Packaging material consumption intensity                Tonne/revenue (HK$ million)          0.19

  A3 Environment and Natural Resources
      The Group strictly complies with laws and regulations relating to environmental protection in the places of
      operation, such as the Environmental Protection Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Law of the
      People’s Republic of China on Prevention and Control of Water Pollution, the Law of the People’s
      Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Air Pollution, the Law of the People’s Republic of
      China on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Wastes, as well as the relevant
      requirements that are newly implemented or revised. During the Reporting Period, the Group was not
      aware of any cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations that have a significant impact on the
      Group in relation to air and greenhouse gas emissions, noise control, discharges into water and land, and
      generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.

      The Group continued to promote the construction and improvement of its environmental management
      system and encouraged its subsidiaries to obtain the ISO 14001 certification. During the Reporting Period,
      a total of 2 key subsidiaries of the Group obtained ISO 14001 environmental management system
      certification.




                       Zhong Gang Property                            Central Low Carbon New Energy

      Figure 2: ISO 14001 Environmental Management System Certification obtained by the Group
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   53
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


           A4 Climate Change
                 The Group understands that stakeholders expect us to manage and mitigate climate change risks in line
                 with local and global commitments and recommendations. Given the world transitions to a lower-carbon
                 sustainable economy, the Group is committed to contributing to this issue.

                 During the Reporting Period, there were no events or matters in the Group’s business and activities that
                 resulted in significant changes in climate.

     B.    SOCIAL ASPECTS
           B1    Employment
                 (i)   Staff Composition
                       Central New Energy attaches great importance to the compliance of relevant employment and
                       labour laws and regulations in Hong Kong and Mainland China, and strictly follows the requirements
                       of the Labour Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Labour Contract Law of the People’s
                       Republic of China, the Anti- Discrimination Ordinance and the Employment Ordinance (Chapter 57
                       of the Laws of Hong Kong) and other relevant laws and regulations of the countries and regions in
                       which it operates. By adhering to the principles of equal opportunity and anti-discrimination, we are
                       committed to building a diverse, equal and inclusive working environment without any discrimination
                       based on ethnicity, geography, religious beliefs, gender, age, disability, marital status, etc., thereby
                       ensuring that every employee enjoys equal opportunities and receives fair treatment in terms of
                       recruitment, career development, promotion, training and rewards.

                       As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had a total of 1,469 employees, of which 1,457
                       were permanent employees and 12 were part-time employees, and 536 were female employees,
                       accounting for 36.49%. The number and proportion of employees by employment type, gender,
                       employment role, age and geographical region are set out below:

                                         1,600

                                                    1,457

                                         1,400



                                         1,200



                                         1,000



                                           800


                                                            639
                                           600



                                           400



                                           200


                                                                           12      0
                                                0
                                                    2023    2022          2023     2022
                                                     Full time              Part time


                                      Figure 3: Number of Employees by Employment Type
54   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                    1000
                              933

                    900


                    800


                    700


                    600
                                                        536

                    500

                                    428
                    400


                    300

                                                               211
                    200


                     100


                      0
                             2023   2022                2023   2022
                                Male                      Female


                      Figure 4: Number of Employees by Gender

     1400
                                                                      1,303

     1200


     1000


      800

                                                                              592
      600


      400


      200    137
                       47                  29
                                                  0
        0
             2023     2022                2023   2022                 2023    2022


            Management              Operational staff                 General staff

               Figure 5: Number of Employees by Employment Role




                                                                                      Annual Report 2023   55
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                        800
                                                         731
                        700


                        600       560

                        500


                        400
                                                                 351

                        300


                        200             167
                                                                              112    108
                        100
                                                                                                    64
                                                                                                           2         2     11
                          0
                                 2023 2022              2023     2022         2023   2022          2023   2022      2023   2022

                              Aged under 30            Aged 31–40            Aged 41–50       Aged 51–60         Aged 60 and above


                                                    Figure 6: Number of Employees by Age

                                         1,600

                                                         1,458

                                         1,400



                                         1,200



                                         1,000



                                              800


                                                                       628
                                              600



                                              400



                                              200


                                                                                       11    11
                                                0

                                                         2023      2022              2023   2022
                                                      Mainland China            Hong Kong, China


                                    Figure 7: Number of Employees by Geographical Region




56   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


    (ii)   Employee Turnover
           During the Reporting Year, 770 employees of the Group left the Group due to career development
           with an overall employee turnover rate of 34.39%. A breakdown of the employee turnover rate by
           gender, age and geographical region is set out below:

                           40.00%


                                                                   35.65%
                           35.00%
                                          33.64%

                                                                              30.81%
                           30.00%



                           25.00%

                                                   22.20%

                           20.00%



                           15.00%



                           10.00%



                               5.00%



                               0.00%
                                           2023     2022             2023          2022
                                              Male                    Female


                                Figure 8: Employee Turnover Rate by Gender

   1,600.00%

                                                                               1,400.00%
   1,400.00%


   1,200.00%


   1,000.00%


    800.00%


    600.00%


    400.00%


    200.00%
                 40.17% 31.14%     32.75% 14.25%     21.68% 26.85%           9.86%           0.00% 9.09%
           0
                 2023   2022       2023   2022         2023   2022          2023     2022     2023   2022
               Aged under 30      Aged 31–40          Aged 41–50        Aged 51–60          Aged 60 and above


                                  Figure 9: Employee Turnover Rate by Age



                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   57
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                                        40.00%



                                        35.00%    34.56%




                                        30.00%


                                                           25.48%
                                        25.00%



                                        20.00%



                                        15.00%



                                        10.00%



                                         5.00%



                                                                         0.00% 0.00%
                                         0.00%
                                                   2023     2022          2023   2022

                                                 Mainland China       Hong Kong, China

                                  Figure 10: Employee Turnover Rate by Geographical Region

                       During the Reporting Year, the Group was not aware of any cases of non-compliance with laws and
                       regulations that have a significant impact on the Group in relation to compensation and dismissal,
                       recruitment or promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunities, diversity, anti-
                       discrimination or other benefits and welfare.

           B2    Health and Safety
                 Central New Energy has always placed a high priority on the health and safety of its employees, and
                 regards it as an integral part of the sustainable development of its business operations. We strictly
                 comply with the Production Safety Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Law of the People’s
                 Republic of China on the Prevention and Control of Occupational Diseases and other relevant laws and
                 regulations of the countries and regions in which we operate, and have formulated and implemented
                 various types of occupational health and safety management systems. We strengthen the safety
                 management and control, carry out safety education and training, and organize safety activities in order to
                 comprehensively consolidate the safety management to ensure the stable production and operation.

                 During the past three years (including the Reporting Year), the Group did not experience any work-related
                 fatalities. During the Reporting Year, the Group recorded a total of 192 days of lost working days due to
                 work-related injuries.




58   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


         (i)    System Development
                The Group continued to promote and improve its occupational health and safety management
                system, with our subsidiaries, Central Low Carbon New Energy and Zhong Gang Property passing
                the ISO 45001 certification for occupational safety management system. In order to further
                establish and improve the Company’s production safety responsibility system, strengthen
                production safety management, improve the level of production safety management and deal with
                emergencies in the plant in a timely and effective manner, we have established the EHS
                (Environment, Health and Safety) Committee (the “EHS Committee”) in July 2023, which is
                responsible for implementing the laws and regulations related to occupational health at Fengtai
                Base, formulating annual, quarterly and monthly production safety objectives and implementation
                plans, and organizing and carrying out various occupational health tests and other EHS-related work.




                    Central Low Carbon New Energy                                     Zhong Gang Property

Figure 11: ISO 45001 Occupational Health and Safety Management System Certification obtained by the Group

         (ii)   Occupational Health
                To ensure the safety of the personnel in the operating area of Fengtai Base, Central Low Carbon
                New Energy stipulates that the personnel on duty should be equipped with appropriate protective
                devices and working equipment that meet the safety standard requirements, and that regular
                inspections and maintenance should be carried out for such devices and equipment. In compliance
                with the requirements of the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and Control
                of Occupational Diseases, we have engaged a third-party agency to conduct comprehensive testing
                of occupational hazards for the plant workshops. Corresponding occupational hazards notification
                cards and isolation barriers will be set up in certain workplaces based on the test results to provide
                safety information and warnings. During the Reporting Year, the Group invested RMB1,195,080
                regarding the occupational health and safety of the employees at Fengtai Base.

                During the Reporting Period, we also developed specific occupational health notifications for 16
                categories of battery and component workshops according to the differences in the job duties of
                employees. In order to further enhance the safety awareness of our employees, strengthen
                employees’ attention to safe workplaces and deepen the Company’s safety risk culture, we provide
                our employees with a series of education on production safety and occupational health, such as
                regular trainings and special trainings.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   59
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


           B3    Development and Training
                 Talent is an important driving force behind transformation and change. By harnessing talent, an
                 organization can accelerate its development and progress on the “fast lane” of growth. In order to select
                 outstanding talents and motivate employees to continuously improve their business knowledge, skills and
                 working capability, the Group has formulated the “Promotion and Career Advancement Management
                 Measures” to provide employees with a clear career growth framework, which includes planning for
                 promotion opportunities and salary advancement. The Group adheres to the principles of “hierarchical
                 personnel, diversified methods, and enriched content” in talent development. We have established the
                 “Training Management System” and offer a variety of courses and support to employees through training
                 programs focused on knowledge, skills, and mindset development. We also encourage employees to
                 obtain professional qualifications related to their job functions. Upon completion of the courses and
                 passing the certification examinations, employees are eligible for reimbursement of examination fees.

                 The breakdown of the percentage of the Group’s employees trained during the Reporting Year by gender
                 and function is as follows:

                 Training                                                                       Internal       External

                 Trained staff
                   2023                                    Percentage                            85.91%            1.77%
                 Male
                   2023                                    Percentage                            63.00%            76.92%
                 Female
                   2023                                    Percentage                            37.00%            23.08%
                 Management
                   2023                                    Percentage                             8.80%            88.46%
                 Operational staff
                   2023                                    Percentage                             2.22%            11.54%
                 General staff
                   2023                                    Percentage                            88.99%                 –

                 The breakdown of training hours by gender and function during the Reporting Year is as follows:

                 Average hours of training
                 per employee                              Unit                                 Internal       External

                 Per employee
                   2023                                    Hour                                    25.32             0.32
                 Male
                   2023                                    Hour                                    23.87             0.17
                 Females
                   2023                                    Hour                                    26.73             0.03
                 Management
                   2023                                    Hour                                     1.62             3.39
                 Operational staff
                   2023                                    Hour                                     1.93             0.21
                 General staff
                   2023                                    Hour                                    28.33                –




60   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


  B4   Labour Standards
       We insist on legal and compliant employment and strictly comply with labour standards and laws and
       regulations such as the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Protection of Minors and the
       Provisions on the Prohibition of Using Child Labour to ensure that every employee meets the legal
       employment conditions. The Group has established documents such as the “Recruitment Management
       System” and “Employee Handbook” to standardize talent employment management. In the process of
       employee recruitment and onboarding, we thoroughly review the identity and age of the candidates, and
       ensure that the identity of the candidates is true and valid through inquiries, identity document verification
       and confirmation of the candidates by signing letter of undertakings, so as to eliminate the employment
       of child labour and forced labour.

       During the Reporting Period, the Group did not employ child labour or forced labour.

  B5   Supply Chain Management
       The Group is committed to the effective management of its supply chain, continuously improving its
       supply chain management system and maintaining close and long-term cooperative relationships with
       major suppliers. The Group values the cooperation with suppliers and subcontractors and works together
       with them to promote sustainable development of the industry.

       (i)    Supplier Management
              We continuously improve our supply chain management system and have developed and
              implemented internal procurement and tendering management methods, such as the “Tendering
              Management System”, “Equipment Tendering Management Regulations”, “Equipment
              Procurement Management System” and “New Supplier Development Management System” to
              ensure the institutionalization and systematization of our supply chain management. Before
              developing new suppliers, the Group will review their corporate information, including but not
              limited to business licenses, environmental assessment approvals, acceptance reports and other
              materials.

              During the Reporting Year, we had 411 cooperative suppliers. In order to minimize cost and delivery
              time and to support the development of the local economy, the Group procured all raw materials
              and accessories from suppliers in Mainland China during the Reporting Year. All of our suppliers are
              from Mainland China.

              The Group also conducts regular factory inspections and supplier performance evaluations for
              existing suppliers. If any supplier is found to have any misconduct in the production process or fails
              to meet the Group’s performance standards, we will issue warnings to the supplier. If the supplier
              fails to take any corrective measures in a timely manner, the Group will cancel its status as a
              supplier. During the Reporting Period, we carried out assessments on 25 major suppliers.

       (ii)   Supplier Responsibility
              We advocate for a sustainable supply chain by signing the “Quality, Environment and Safety
              Agreement” with our suppliers during the supplier introduction process, guiding them to pay
              attention to environmental protection and advocating for the establishment of a sound
              environmental management system. Among our suppliers, 155 of them have obtained the quality
              management system certification (ISO 9001) and 112 of them have obtained the environmental
              management system certification (ISO 14001).




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   61
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


           B6    Product Liability
                 By adhering to the concept of “Empowering Photovoltaic Manufacturing with High Quality and Efficient
                 Products” and strictly complying with relevant laws, regulations and industry standards applicable to
                 quality and safety, such as the Product Quality Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Standardization
                 Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Regulations of the People’s Republic of China on the
                 Administration of Industrial Product Production License, the Group continuously improves its quality
                 management system to ensure that quality management is implemented in every aspect of its production
                 and operation.

                 As of the end of the Reporting Period, the mass-produced N-type TopCon battery at Fengtai Base have
                 achieved technological iterations from N-TOPCon-Gen 1.0 to N-TOPCon-Gen 2.0, and the product quality
                 has been recognized by the National Photovoltaic Industry Metrology Testing Center, an authoritative
                 third-party in the photovoltaic industry, with the conversion efficiency increasing from 25.50% to 26.05%
                 and the open-circuit voltage reaching 733.3mV. The goal of mass-produced battery products planned for
                 2024 was realized ahead of schedule.

                 The component series products developed by us have also demonstrated outstanding performance. The
                 CHGMN ultra-efficient component series products have characteristics such as high conversion
                 efficiency, high power, high bifaciality, low degradation, and low temperature coefficient. The average
                 efficiency of mass production exceeds 22.50%, and the maximum bifaciality can reach up to 80.00%.
                 They provide customers with 30-year product performance guarantees with high power generation
                 capacity and high reliability.

                 In addition, Central DigiTech is committed to providing customers with smart energy management
                 services. Through the “Generation-Network-Load-Storage” solution, “multi-energy coupling” technology,
                 and AI-based energy management platform, the company focuses on various aspects such as smart air
                 compressors, smart air conditioning, smart boilers, smart motors, and network-connected smart lighting
                 to create smart zero-carbon solutions. These solutions aim to achieve cost reduction, efficiency
                 improvement, energy conservation and consumption reduction, and empower sustainable development.

                 Central DigiTech implements integrated solutions for its customers with the core objective of reducing
                 system energy consumption in an all- rounded manner and to the largest extent. Leveraging its own
                 industry experience, Central DigiTech identifies potential energy-saving points for its customers and
                 deploys the hardware and software configurations accordingly, so as to realize the reduction of carbon
                 emissions through the reduction of energy consumption at the source end.

                 During the Reporting Year, Central DigiTech deployed central air-conditioning smart control systems to
                 realize smart control of refrigeration stations as well as energy saving and consumption reduction,
                 effectively reducing the power consumption of the entire refrigeration system and providing customers
                 with smart energy saving solutions. Central DigiTech also has smart energy saving experience in areas
                 such as smart lighting energy saving and smart control and energy saving of compressed air stations.

                 (i)   Quality Management System
                       In order to strictly control the quality standards, we have set up a specialized quality management
                       team, formulated and regularly updated system documents such as the “Regulations on
                       Management of Battery Quality Red Line ”and “Regulations on Production and Management of
                       Standard Battery Cell”, so as to safeguard the quality and safety of photovoltaic batteries and
                       component throughout their life cycle. During the Reporting Period, the Group’s Fengtai Base
                       passed the ISO9001:2015 quality management system certification. Our products have also
                       received certifications from institutions such as RoHS (Restriction of Hazardous Substances
                       Directive), China Quality Certification Centre (CQC), Germany’s TÜV Rheinland, demonstrating the
                       stable and reliable performance of our products in terms of quality.




62   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Environmental, Social and Governance Report




      Figure 12: ISO 9001 Quality Management System Certification obtained by the Group

    (ii)    Product Recall
            We attach importance to the rights and interests and safety of our customers, and have formulated
            and implemented the “Regulations on Management of Customer Returns and Exchanges” and the
            “Regulations on Handling of Customer Complaints” to regulate the process of product returns and
            exchanges and to ensure timely resolution and maximum customer satisfaction, so as to enhance
            customer satisfaction. During the Reporting Period, there were no cases of recall of sold or shipped
            products at Fengtai Base due to safety and health reasons.

    (iii)   Customer Communication
            In order to gain a deeper insight into customers’ needs, opinions and suggestions, and to
            continuously improve our customer service level, we regularly conduct customer satisfaction
            surveys following the guidelines of the “Customer Communication Control Procedure”. These
            surveys cover dimensions such as product appearance, performance, packaging, and after-sales
            service. Based on questionnaire feedback, we analyze and prepare “Customer Satisfaction Survey
            Analysis Report” and carry out targeted improvement work to ensure product and service quality.

            During the Reporting Period, we did not receive any significant customer complaints or damage
            claims related to product safety, health, or service quality.

    (iv)    Intellectual Property Protection
            The Group strictly complies with relevant laws and regulations such as the Patent Law of the
            People’s Republic of China, the Trademark Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Standards
            for Corporate Intellectual Property Rights Management (《企業知識產權管理規範》), and respects
            intellectual property rights and takes all measures to ensure that there is no infringement of
            intellectual property rights. We have formulated and implemented relevant systems such as the
            “Intellectual Property Management System”, “Intangible Assets Management System”, and
            “Trademark Management Measures”, aiming to strengthen the creation, protection and utilization
            of intellectual property rights, and to enhance the market competitiveness and economic benefits of
            the Company. We also include intellectual property protection clauses in the cooperation
            agreements with our suppliers, customers and other partners to maximize the protection of the
            intellectual property interests of both parties.

            During the Reporting Period, the Group did not receive any complaints or allegations of infringement
            of intellectual property rights.




                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   63
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


                       In order to enhance our core competitiveness and sustainability, we have formulated the
                       “Innovation and Entrepreneurship Technology Management Measures” and “Innovation
                       Improvement Management and Incentive System” in accordance with relevant regulations on
                       national science and technology management. We implement the “Talent + Project”, “Talent +
                       Industry”, and “Talent + Task” development models, and have established leadership teams and
                       special working groups to encourage employees to achieve personal innovation and
                       entrepreneurship using the Company’s own resources, thereby driving innovation-driven
                       development and creating new engines and impetuses.

                       As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group was granted a total of 15 patents, including 13
                       utility model patents, 1 authorized invention patent and 1 design patent.

                 (v)   Privacy Protection
                       The Group attaches great importance to information security and data protection, and strictly
                       complies with laws and regulations related to information security and privacy protection in the
                       countries and regions where it operates, such as the Personal Information Protection Law of the
                       People’s Republic of China and the Cybersecurity Law of the People’s Republic of China. We have
                       formulated and continuously optimized a series of standardized management documents such as
                       “Computer Software System Management System”, “Computer Emergency Management
                       System”, “Computer Network Daily Monitoring Management System” and “Information Equipment
                       Management System”. A specialized information security team is responsible for information
                       security capacity building.

                       To enhance employees’ awareness of information security, we provide information security training
                       to newly hired employees, clearly defining information security management responsibilities,
                       system application scenarios and usage guidelines, and sign a “Confidentiality Agreement” with
                       each new employee. In addition, we implement measures such as information hierarchy
                       management, data encryption, access control, and education and training to ensure the secure
                       transmission and storage of data for the Group and its subsidiaries.

                       During the Reporting Period, the Group did not experience any information security and customer
                       privacy breach.




64   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


  B7   Anti-corruption
       The Group has always adhered to the concept of “Integrity Creates Value” and established a robust
       “Frugality and Integrity (崇儉敬廉)” system, emphasizing dedicated oversight and integrating various
       forms of supervision. We maintain a problem-oriented approach and implement precise supervision to
       achieve effective governance through a chain of actions. We conduct supervision and review through
       third-party oversight, utilizing reporting hotlines, WeChat accounts, letters, and other means of
       supervision.

       The Group places great emphasis on anti-corruption education and organizes directors to participate in
       high-level anti-corruption online seminars held by the Independent Commission Against Corruption in
       Hong Kong. These seminars are designed to help the Company’s directors fulfill their roles as leaders of
       integrity.

       In order to further promote the operation and development of the Group, to prevent irregularities in
       business management and employee behavior, and to guard against violations, disciplinary breaches and
       fraud risks, each employee of the Group shall sign the “Letter of Commitment to Integrity”. The Group
       also posts posters of integrity construction and releases cases of integrity propaganda in the office areas
       of various centers and subsidiaries. These efforts aim to foster an atmosphere where everyone values
       integrity and to enhance employees’ awareness of integrity and discipline.

       The Discipline Inspection Committee of the Group has established a dedicated internal supervision hotline
       as a means of communication for internal supervision within the party, conducting timely supervision and
       review of party organizations’ learning, party member development, and party members’ violations and
       illegal activities. Every year, we conduct comprehensive audits, random audits, and special audits
       targeting various centers and subsidiaries. These audits cover aspects such as system formulation,
       system implementation, process design, business cooperation, company liquidation, employee behavior,
       financial activities, and operational development. The goal is to ensure the quality of audit supervision and
       effectively build a solid defense against violations and illegal conduct.

       In addition, when entering into business contracts with customers, suppliers, and partners, we also sign
       integrity agreements that clearly define the responsibilities, obligations, penalties, and channels for
       supervision and reporting for both parties regarding integrity in business activities. For cooperating parties
       who violate the agreement, appropriate measures or penalties such as warnings, termination of
       cooperation, or fines are applied based on the actual circumstances.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   65
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


           B8    Community Investment
                 The Group places importance on the parallel development of economic and social benefits and actively
                 assumes social responsibilities. We demonstrate the responsibilities and commitments of private
                 enterprises through practical actions and strive to build harmonious communities and contribute to the
                 healthy development of society. During the Reporting Year, we also dedicated efforts to initiatives such
                 as education support, poverty alleviation and community care, spreading warmth.

                 During the Reporting Period, the Group’s participation in community public welfare activities is set out
                 below:

                 •     In September 2023, Zhejiang Xintianpu donated RMB200,000 to Quzhou Guangcai Promotion
                       Association (衢州市光彩事業促進會) for Quzhou Guangcai Promotion Association • Central
                       Education Charity Fund (衢州市光彩事業促進會 • 中環教育慈善基金);

                 •     In January 2023, the “Great Love of Central Warms Fengtai (大愛中環 情暖鳳台)” initiative
                       launched its 13th Warm Winter Action with a ceremony held at the county conference center.
                       Under the guidance of the Fengtai County government officials, the caring ambassadors from
                       Central Holding Group visited 30 households facing difficulties and provided them with
                       heartwarming supplies and financial aid at the launching ceremony;

                 •     Zhong Gang Property organized a themed event called “Bringing the Community Convenience and
                       Heartwarming Services (便民活動進小區，貼心服務暖人心)”. Through free medical consultations, it
                       provided health services to the elderly, demonstrating practical actions to serve the grassroots, the
                       community, improve people’s livelihoods, and let residents truly feel the care and warmth of the
                       community.




66   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Independent
Auditors’ Report




TO THE MEMBERS OF CENTRAL NEW ENERGY HOLDING GROUP LIMITED
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Central New Energy Holding Group Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 72 to 154, which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated statement
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements,
including material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   67
     Independent
     Auditors’ Report

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
     the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters.

      Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

      Valuation of investment properties

      Refer to Notes 2.7, 4 and 16 to the consolidated           Our procedures included, amongst others:
      financial statements
                                                                 •    Reviewing the valuation report from independent
      The Group’s investment properties amounted to                   qualified valuers and discussing with the
      approximately HK$222,310,000 as at 31 December                  independent qualified valuer to understand the
      2023. Increase in fair value of investment properties of        valuation basis, methodology used and underlying
      approximately HK$5,185,000 was recognised in the                assumptions applied;
      consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year
      then ended.                                                •    Evaluating of the competence, capabilities and
                                                                      objectivity of independent qualified valuers;
      We identified the valuation of investment properties
      as a key audit matter due to the key source of             •    Checking on a sample basis the accuracy and
      estimation uncertainty and the significant assumptions          relevance of the input data used; and
      and judgements involved in the valuation.
                                                                 •    Engaging our valuation specialists on evaluating the
      The fair value of the Group’s investment properties             methodologies and assumptions adopted in the
      was determined by adopting the valuation techniques             valuation.
      with significant unobservable inputs, assumptions of
      market conditions and judgements. The Group also
      worked closely with the independent qualified valuers
      to establish and determine the appropriate valuation
      techniques.

      Expected credit loss of trade receivables

      Refer to Notes 2.11, 2.14, 3.1, 4 and 23 to the            Our procedures included, amongst others:
      consolidated financial statements
                                                                 •    Discussing with management on the estimation
      The balances of trade receivables as at 31 December             involved in determining the amount of expected
      2023 were approximately HK$854,367,000, which                   credit loss allowance regarding the trade
      were material to the consolidated financial statements.         receivables;
      The Group has applied the simplified approach in
      calculating the expected credit loss for trade             •    Testing the integrity of information used by
      receivables.                                                    management for the assessment, including ageing
                                                                      analysis of trade receivables, on a sample basis, by
                                                                      comparing individual items in the analysis with the
                                                                      relevant underlying documents;

                                                                 •    Testing, on a sample basis, the collection of
                                                                      receivables after the year end from the customers;

                                                                 •    Assessing the reasonableness of the basis and
                                                                      judgement of the management in determining
                                                                      credit loss allowance on trade receivables; and

                                                                 •    Evaluating the competence, capabilities and
                                                                      objectivity of the valuation expert engaged by the
                                                                      management.




68   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Independent
Auditors’ Report

OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’
report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing
the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our
opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   69
     Independent
     Auditors’ Report

     AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS (Continued)
     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
     scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
           fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
           sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
           resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
           intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

     •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
           appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
           Group’s internal control.

     •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
           related disclosures made by the directors.

     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
           the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
           significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
           uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the
           consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
           are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or
           conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
           events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
           activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
           for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
           opinion.

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
     audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
     thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




70   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Independent
Auditors’ Report

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in
our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Lo Kin Kei.




HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Certified Public Accountants

Lo Kin Kei
Practising Certificate Number: P06413

Hong Kong, 16 March 2024




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   71
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
     Other Comprehensive Income
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                                  2023          2022
                                                                               Notes            HK$’000       HK$’000


     Revenue                                                                     5              4,028,299     1,613,641
     Direct costs                                                                              (3,855,486)   (1,582,543)


     Gross profit                                                                                172,813         31,098
     Other income and net gains                                                  5                18,811         37,866
     Gain/(loss) on fair value changes of investment properties                                    5,185          (7,308)
     Gain on disposal of investment properties                                                     1,637               –
     Selling expenses                                                                             (9,448)         (3,604)
     Administrative and other operating expenses                                                 (80,955)       (83,542)
     Finance costs                                                               6               (25,190)         (5,520)


     Profit/(loss) before income tax                                              7               82,853        (31,010)
     Income tax (expense)/credit                                                 10              (11,564)           682


     Profit/(loss) for the year                                                                   71,289        (30,328)


     Other comprehensive expense
     Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
     — Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                         (15,668)       (23,492)
     — Reclassification of cumulative translation
         reserve upon disposal of foreign operations                                                  (78)         (832)


     Other comprehensive expense for the year, net of tax                                        (15,746)       (24,324)


     Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year                                            55,543        (54,652)


     Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                                      66,323        (27,843)
       Non-controlling interests                                                                   4,966          (2,485)


                                                                                                  71,289        (30,328)


     Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                                      54,125        (41,756)
       Non-controlling interests                                                                   1,418        (12,896)


                                                                                                  55,543        (54,652)


                                                                                               HK Cents       HK Cents
                                                                                                             (Restated)

     Earnings/(loss) per share attributable to owners of the Company
     — Basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share                               11                  1.57         (0.66)

     Details of dividends are disclosed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

72   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position
As at 31 December 2023




                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                Notes    HK$’000           HK$’000


ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                    14      823,590            82,455
Right-of-use assets                                              15        1,683             3,125
Investment properties                                            16      222,310           229,390
Intangible assets                                                17        2,989             3,069
Deposit paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment    23      330,996                 –
Deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy                 18        3,374             3,293
Deferred tax assets                                              30           32                 –


                                                                        1,384,974          321,332


Current assets
Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss             19             8              796
Properties available for sale                                    20        36,200           72,547
Contract assets                                                  22        92,705          104,887
Trade and other receivables                                      23     1,229,460          340,336
Inventories                                                      24       209,772           36,583
Tax recoverable                                                               634              561
Pledged bank deposits                                            25       405,159                –
Cash and bank balances                                           25       137,372          613,996


                                                                        2,111,310        1,169,706


Total assets                                                            3,496,284        1,491,038


EQUITY
Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                    26        2,640             2,640
Reserves                                                                 847,890           185,652


Equity attributable to owners of the Company                             850,530           188,292
Non-controlling interests                                                460,705              (119)


Total equity                                                            1,311,235          188,173




                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   73
     Consolidated Statement of
     Financial Position
     As at 31 December 2023




                                                                                               2023            2022
                                                                             Notes           HK$’000         HK$’000


     LIABILITIES
     Non-current liabilities
     Lease liabilities                                                        28                    275        1,876
     Liabilities for long service payments                                    29                  1,104          681
     Amounts due to related companies                                         32                      –      397,072
     Borrowings                                                               33                288,156            –
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                 30                  7,185        7,705


                                                                                                296,720      407,334


     Current liabilities
     Contract liabilities                                                     22                 65,269       65,736
     Trade and other payables                                                 31                967,744      318,189
     Lease liabilities                                                        28                  1,601        1,380
     Borrowings                                                               33                833,149      499,728
     Tax payables                                                                                20,566       10,498


                                                                                            1,888,329        895,531


     Total liabilities                                                                      2,185,049      1,302,865


     Total equity and liabilities                                                           3,496,284      1,491,038


     Net current assets                                                                         222,981      274,175


     Total assets less current liabilities                                                  1,607,955        595,507

     The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 16 March
     2024:




                              Mr. Yu Zhuyun                                          Mr. Li Menglin
                                  Director                                              Director




     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




74   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Consolidated Statement of
Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                    Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                   Non-
                                            Share       Share    Merger Contributed         Other Translation         Retained               controlling       Total
                                           capital   premium    reserve     surplus       reserve     reserve         earnings     Sub-total   interests      equity
                                          HK$’000     HK$’000   HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000           HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000
                                         (Note 26)


Balance at 1 January 2022                   2,640      88,276    11,010            –            –           8,194      119,928      230,048        1,166     231,214
Loss for the year                               –           –         –            –            –               –       (27,843)     (27,843)     (2,485)    (30,328)
Other comprehensive expense
  Exchange differences arising on
    translation of foreign operations           –           –         –            –            –       (13,081)              –      (13,081)    (10,411)     (23,492)
  Reclassification of cumulative
    translation reserve upon disposal
    of foreign operations                       –           –         –            –            –            (832)            –         (832)          –         (832)


Total comprehensive expense
  for the year                                  –           –         –            –            –       (13,913)       (27,843)      (41,756)    (12,896)     (54,652)
Disposal of subsidiaries                        –           –         –            –            –             –              –             –      11,611       11,611


Balance at 31 December 2022 and
  1 January 2023                            2,640      88,276    11,010            –            –           (5,719)     92,085      188,292         (119)    188,173


Profit for the year                             –           –         –            –            –                –      66,323       66,323        4,966      71,289
Other comprehensive expense
  Exchange differences arising on
     translation of foreign operations          –           –         –            –            –       (12,120)              –     (12,120)      (3,548)     (15,668)
  Reclassification of cumulative
     translation reserve upon disposal
     and deregistration of foreign
     operations                                 –           –         –            –            –              (78)           –          (78)          –          (78)


Total comprehensive (expense)/income
  for the year                                  –           –         –            –            –       (12,198)        66,323       54,125        1,418      55,543
Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 37)              –           –         –            –            –             –              –            –         (489)       (489)
Deregistration of subsidiaries                  –           –         –            –            –             –              –            –         (135)       (135)
Deemed disposal of partial interest in
  a subsidiary without losing control
  (Note 12)                                     –           –         –            –      309,970                –            –     309,970      460,030     770,000
Deemed contribution from a
  shareholder from extinguished loans           –           –         –      298,143            –                –            –     298,143            –     298,143


Balance at 31 December 2023                 2,640      88,276    11,010      298,143      309,970       (17,917)       158,408      850,530      460,705    1,311,235




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023       75
     Consolidated Statement of
     Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                              2023           2022
                                                                             Notes          HK$’000        HK$’000


     Cash flows from operating activities
     Net cash used in operations                                              34a         (1,000,285)       (62,706)
     Income tax paid                                                                          (1,662)         (5,040)
     Income tax refunded                                                                         209               –


     Net cash used in operating activities                                                (1,001,738)       (67,746)


     Cash flows from investing activities
     Interest received                                                                            1,381         158
     Proceeds on disposal of financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                                                                    877              –
     Proceeds on disposal of investment properties                                             7,821              –
     Net cash inflow from disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                       8,847         32,755
     Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                                        (7)             –
     Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                             (766,928)       (78,445)


     Net cash used in investing activities                                                  (748,009)       (45,532)


     Cash flows from financing activities
     Interest paid                                                                              (25,190)     (5,515)
     Proceeds on disposal of partial interest in a subsidiary without
       losing control                                                                        385,000                –
     Advanced from related companies                                                               –        385,052
     Repayments to related companies                                                         (91,901)        (74,761)
     Repayments of borrowings                                                               (105,614)      (137,843)
     New loans raised                                                                      1,146,810        536,960
     Principal elements of lease payments                                                     (1,380)          (1,947)


     Net cash generated from financing activities                                          1,307,725       701,946


     Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                   (442,022)      588,668

     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                         613,996      50,373
     Effects of foreign exchange rate changes                                                   (34,602)    (25,045)


     Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                               137,372    613,996


     Analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents
     Cash and bank balances                                                   25                137,372    613,996




     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




76   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



1.    GENERAL INFORMATION
      The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 29 March 2017 as an exempted company with
      limited liability under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and its shares (the “Shares”) have been listed
      on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) with effect from 29 March 2018. As at
      31 December 2023, its parent and ultimate holding company is Central Culture Resource Group Limited, a
      company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) with limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. Yu
      Zhuyun (“Mr. Yu”), the controlling shareholder of the Company.

      The Company’s registered office address is Windward 3, Regatta Office Park, PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman
      KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, and the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong is Unit 2102–03 & 10–
      12, 21/F, K. Wah Centre, 191 Java Road, North Point, Hong Kong. The Company is an investment holding
      company. The Group is principally engaged in the business of (i) green building and construction related
      business in Hong Kong and the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”); (ii) new energy and engineering,
      procurement, and construction (“EPC”); (iii) smart energy management services; (iv) health and wellness; and
      (v) food and beverage (“F&B”) supply chain.

      The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), unless otherwise stated.

2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set
      out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the current year and prior year presented, unless
      otherwise stated.

      2.1 Basis of preparation
             The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong
             Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
             Accountants (“HKICPA”). For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements,
             information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made
             by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required
             by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (the “Listing
             Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The consolidated financial statements have been
             prepared under the historical cost convention, except as otherwise stated in the accounting policies
             below.

             The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKFRSs requires the use of
             certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the
             process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or
             complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial
             statements, are disclosed in Note 4.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023   77
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
                  (i)   New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
                        In the current year, the Group has applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs issued by
                        the HKICPA for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or
                        after 1 January 2023 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

                        HKFRS 17 (including the October 2020 and            Insurance Contracts
                         February 2022 Amendments to HKFRS 17)
                        Amendments to HKAS 8                                Definition of Accounting Estimates
                        Amendments to HKAS 12                               Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
                                                                              arising from a Single Transaction
                        Amendments to HKAS 12                               International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model
                                                                              Rules
                        Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS                      Disclosure of Accounting Policies
                         Practice Statement 2

                        Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to HKFRSs in the current
                        year had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current year
                        and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

                        Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
                        arising from a Single Transaction

                        The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments
                        narrow the scope of the recognition exemption of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets in
                        paragraphs 15 and 24 of HKAS 12 Income Taxes so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on
                        initial recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.

                        In accordance with the transition provision:

                        (i)    the Group has applied the new accounting policy retrospectively to leasing transactions that
                               occurred on or after 1 January 2022;

                        (ii)   the Group also, as at 1 January 2022, recognised a deferred tax asset (to the extent that it is
                               probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary difference
                               can be utilised) and a deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable temporary difference
                               associated with right-of-use-assets and lease liabilities.

                        The application of the amendments has had no material impact on the Group’s financial position and
                        performance, except that the Group discloses the related deferred tax assets of approximately
                        HK$1,573,000 and deferred tax liabilities of approximately HK$1,573,000 on a gross basis but it has
                        no impact on the retained earnings at the earliest period presented.




78   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (Continued)
             (ii)   Amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
                    The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been
                    issued but are not yet effective:

                    Amendments to HKFRS 10                      Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                     and HKAS 28                                  Associate or Joint Venture1
                    Amendments to HKFRS 16                      Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback2
                    Amendments to HKAS 1                        Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related
                                                                  amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)2
                    Amendments to HKAS 1                        Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2
                    Amendments to HKAS 7 and                    Supplier Finance Arrangements2
                     HKFRS 7
                    Amendments to HKAS 21                       Lack of Exchangeability3

                    1
                          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
                    2
                          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.
                    3
                          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.


                    The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all new and amendments to HKFRSs
                    will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   79
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.3 Principles of consolidation
                  2.3.1 Subsidiaries
                        Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The
                        Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
                        involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
                        entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group.
                        They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.

                        The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations by the Group.

                        Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                        companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                        evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been
                        changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                        Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
                        consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the statement of
                        changes in equity and the consolidated statement of financial position, respectively.

                  2.3.2 Changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries
                        The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
                        transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an
                        adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect
                        their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to
                        non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve
                        within equity attributable to owners of the Company.

                        When the Group ceases to consolidate for an investment because of a loss of control, any retained
                        interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the change in carrying amount recognised
                        in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently
                        accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any
                        amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are
                        accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may
                        mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit
                        or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs.




80   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.3 Principles of consolidation (Continued)
             2.3.3 Business combination
                   The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration
                   transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities
                   incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group. The
                   consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent
                   consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities
                   assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.

                   The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition
                   basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and entitle their
                   holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation are measured
                   at either fair value or the present ownership interests’ proportionate share in the recognised
                   amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests
                   are measured at their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by
                   HKFRS.

                   Acquisitions failed to meet the definition of business combination are treated as acquisitions of
                   assets and liabilities instead of business combination.

                   Acquisition-related costs are expenses as incurred.

                   The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
                   acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the
                   fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total of consideration
                   transferred, non-controlling interest recognised and previously held interest measured is less than
                   the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the
                   difference is recognised directly in the profit or loss.

             2.3.4 Separate financial statements
                   Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct
                   attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on
                   the basis of dividend received and receivable.

                   Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from
                   these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the
                   period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial
                   statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s
                   net assets including goodwill.

      2.4 Segment reporting
             Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
             operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources
             and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the board of directors that
             makes strategic decisions.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023    81
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.5 Foreign currency translation
                  Functional and presentation currency
                  Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
                  currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”).
                  The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Company’s functional and the
                  Group’s presentation currency.

                  Transactions and balances
                  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                  prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange
                  gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end
                  exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the
                  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                  Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated statement
                  of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, within “finance cost”. All other foreign exchange gains
                  and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                  within ‘other income and net gains/(loss)’.

                  Group companies
                  The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a
                  hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
                  translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                  •     assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing
                        rate at the date of that statement of financial position;

                  •     income and expenses for each statement of comprehensive income are translated at average
                        exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of
                        the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at
                        the rate on the dates of the transactions); and

                  •     all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                  Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
                  liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate. Currency transaction differences arising
                  are recognised in other comprehensive income.




82   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.6 Property, plant and equipment
             The property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and
             accumulated impairment losses, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to
             the acquisition of the items.

             Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
             appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
             the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component
             accounted for as a separate is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance costs are
             charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

             Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost over their estimated useful
             lives or lease term, where applicable, as follows:

             Machinery and equipment                                                                           10%–20%
             Leasehold improvements                                                                                20%
             Furniture, fixtures and office equipment                                                              20%
             Motor vehicles                                                                                        20%

             The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
             reporting period.

             An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
             amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

             Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and
             are recognised in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

      2.7 Investment properties
             Investment property, principally comprising leasehold land, is held for long-term rental yields or for capital
             appreciation or both, and are not occupied by the Group. It also includes properties that are being
             constructed or developed for future use as investment properties.

             Investment property is initially measured at cost, including related transaction costs and where applicable
             borrowing costs. After initial recognition, investment property is carried at fair value. Fair value is based
             on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature, location or condition of
             the specific asset. Changes in fair values are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
             and other comprehensive income within “Gain/(loss) on fair value changes of investment properties”.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023   83
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.8 Intangible assets
                  2.8.1 Goodwill
                        Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration
                        transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquirees and the acquisition date fair
                        value of any previous equity interest in the acquirees over the fair value of the identified net assets
                        acquired.

                        For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to
                        each of the cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from
                        the synergies of the combination. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated
                        represents the lowest level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
                        management purposes. The Group’s goodwill is monitored at the operating segment level.

                        Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes in
                        circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of the CGU containing the
                        goodwill is compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair
                        value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised immediately as an expense and is not
                        subsequently reversed.

                  2.8.2 Intangible assets acquired separately
                        Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any
                        subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

           2.9 Impairment of non-financial assets
                  Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for
                  impairment. Assets that are subject to amortisation or depreciation are reviewed for impairment
                  whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
                  An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
                  recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal
                  and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for
                  which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than
                  goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each
                  reporting date.

           2.10 Properties available for sale
                  Properties available for sale are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of properties
                  available for sale comprises the acquisition cost of land, aggregate cost of development and other direct
                  expenses capitalised. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
                  business less estimated costs to be incurred in selling the properties.




84   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.10 Properties available for sale (Continued)
             The amount of any write down of properties available for sale is recognised as an expense in the year
             write down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any write down arising from an increase in net
             realisable value is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
             income in the year in which the reversal occurs.

      2.11 Financial assets
             2.11.1 Classification
                    The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                   •      those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income
                          (“OCI”) or through profit or loss), and

                   •      those to be measured at amortised cost.

                   The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                   contractual terms of the cash flows.

                   For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI.
                   For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the
                   Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity
                   investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).

                   The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
                   those assets changes.

             2.11.2 Recognition and derecognition
                    Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on
                    which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the
                    rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the
                    Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

             2.11.3 Measurement
                    At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
                    financial asset not at fair value through profit of loss (“FVPL”), transaction costs that are directly
                    attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at
                    FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

                   Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                   whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023   85
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.11 Financial assets (Continued)
                  2.11.3 Measurement (Continued)
                         Debt instruments
                         Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
                         managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement
                         categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                        •      Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
                               flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
                               Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective
                               interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit
                               or loss and presented in other gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and losses.
                               Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.

                        •      FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial
                               assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are
                               measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the
                               recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and
                               losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the
                               cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss
                               and recognised in other gains/(losses). Interest income from these financial assets is included
                               in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses
                               are presented in other gains/(losses) and impairment expenses are presented as separate line
                               item in the statement of profit or loss.

                        •      FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL.
                               A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised in
                               profit or loss and presented net within other gains/(losses) in the year in which it arises.

                        Equity instruments
                        The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                        management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there
                        is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the
                        derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in
                        profit or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                        Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) in the
                        statement of profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on
                        equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.




86   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.11 Financial assets (Continued)
             2.11.4 Impairment
                    The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses (“ECL”) associated with
                    its debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied
                    depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                   For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by
                   HKFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the
                   receivables and contract assets.

                   Impairment on other receivables is measured as either 12-month ECL or lifetime ECL, depending on
                   whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If a significant
                   increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is
                   measured as lifetime ECL.

                   The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of an asset and whether there
                   has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.
                   To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk the Group compares the risk of a
                   default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial
                   recognition. It considers available reasonable and supporting forwarding-looking information.

                   Especially the following indicators are incorporated:

                   —      internal credit rating

                   —      external credit rating

                   —      actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                          that are expected to cause a significant change to the borrower’s ability to meet its obligations

                   —      actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the borrower

                   Macroeconomic information (such as market interest rates or growth rates) is incorporated as part
                   of the internal rating model.

                   Regardless of the analysis above, a significant increase in credit risk is presumed if a debtor is more
                   than 30 days past due in making a contractual payment.

                   A default on a financial asset is when the counterparty fails to make contractual payments within 90
                   days of when they fall due.

                   Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as a
                   debtor failing to engage in a repayment plan with the Group. The Group categorises a loan or
                   receivable for write off when a debtor fails to make contractual payments more than 365 days past
                   due. Where loans or receivables have been written off, the Group continues to engage in
                   enforcement activity to attempt to recover the receivable due. Where recoveries are made, these
                   are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023   87
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.12 Offsetting financial instruments
                  Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated financial
                  position where the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and
                  there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The
                  legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal
                  course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Group or the counterparty.

           2.13 Financial guarantee contracts
                  Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The
                  liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:

                  •     the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9 Financial
                        Instruments; and

                  •     the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income
                        recognised in accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers

                  The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash
                  flows between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that
                  would be required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party
                  for assuming the obligations. Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are
                  provided for no compensation, the fair values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of
                  the cost of the investment.

           2.14 Trade and other receivables
                  Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary
                  course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the
                  normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are
                  presented as non-current assets.

                  Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional
                  unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group
                  holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore
                  measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for
                  impairment.

           2.15 Cash and cash equivalents
                  In the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits
                  held at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months
                  or less, and bank overdrafts (if any).




88   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.16 Share capital
             Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

             Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
             deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

      2.17 Trade and other payables
             Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course
             of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if the payment is
             due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are
             presented as non-current liabilities.

             Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
             cost using the effective interest method.

      2.18 Borrowings
             Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
             settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

             Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
             subsequently carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
             and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
             effective interest method.

      2.19 Borrowing costs
             General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
             production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get
             ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets
             are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

             Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
             on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

             All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the year in which they are incurred.

      2.20 Current and deferred income tax
             The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit or loss,
             except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
             equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity,
             respectively.

             Current income tax
             The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
             at the end of each reporting period in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable
             income. Management periodically evaluate positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in
             which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on
             the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023   89
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.20 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)
                  Deferred income tax
                  Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences, arising
                  between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
                  statements. However, the deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if it arises from initial recognition of
                  goodwill, the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or
                  liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
                  neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws)
                  that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period and are expected to
                  apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred taxation liability is settled.

                  The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is determined
                  assuming the property will be recovered entirely through sale.

                  Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit
                  will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

                  Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset
                  current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes assets and liabilities
                  relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different
                  taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

           2.21 Employee benefits
                  (i)     Employee leave entitlements
                          Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision
                          is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up
                          to the end of each reporting period.

                          Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

                  (ii)    Retirement benefits
                          The Group operates defined contribution plans and pays contributions to privately administered
                          pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Group has no further
                          payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as
                          employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to
                          the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available. There were no
                          forfeited contributions available to offset future employer’s contributions to the schemes.

                  (iii)   Termination benefits
                          Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal
                          retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these
                          benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed to a
                          termination when the entity has a detailed formal plan to terminate the employment of current
                          employees without possibility of withdrawal. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary
                          redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected to
                          accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of each reporting period
                          are discounted to present value.




90   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.21 Employee benefits (Continued)
             (iv)   Bonus plans
                    The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses when the Group has a present legal or
                    constructive obligation as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable estimate of
                    such obligation can be made.

             (v)    Long service payments
                    Under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance, the Group is required to make long service payments
                    to its employees upon the termination of their employment or retirement on ground of old age
                    when the employee fulfils certain conditions and the termination meets the required circumstances.
                    Further, where accrued benefits (excluding any part attributable to the employee’s contributions)
                    have been paid to the employee, or is being held in a mandatory provident fund scheme by the
                    employee, which is the case for most of the eligible employees of the Group, the long service
                    payment is offset against the aforementioned amount of benefits to the extent that they relate to
                    the employee’s years of service for which the long service payment is payable.

                    Based on the Group’s past experience and the directors’ knowledge of the business and work
                    force, the Group makes its estimates of its obligations to make long service payments to its
                    employees in the event of termination of their employment or retirement. The Group’s obligations
                    to make such long service payments are recognised in the financial statements as long service
                    payment liabilities at the present value (where the effect of discounting is material) of the long
                    service payment obligations, which are estimated after deducting the entitlements accrued under
                    the Group’s defined contribution retirement scheme that are attributable to contributions made by
                    the Group. Service cost, net interest on the long service payment liabilities (where discounting to
                    present value is adopted because the effect of discounting is material) and premeasurements of the
                    long service payment liabilities are recognised in profit or loss.

      2.22 Provisions
             Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of
             past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the
             amounts have been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

             Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
             settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised
             even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations
             may be small.

             Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the
             obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
             the risks specific to the obligations. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as
             interest expense.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023   91
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.23 Earnings per share
                  (i)    Basic earnings per share
                         Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                         •     the profit attributable to owners of the Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other
                               than ordinary shares

                         •     by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year,
                               adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding treasury
                               shares.

                  (ii)   Diluted earnings per share
                         Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basis earnings per share
                         to take into account:

                         •     the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive
                               potential ordinary shares; and

                         •     the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                               assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.


           2.24 Contingent liabilities and contingent assets
                  A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be
                  confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within
                  the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised
                  because it is not probable that outflow of economic resource will be required or the amount of obligation
                  cannot be measured reliably.

                  A contingent liability is not recognised but is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial
                  statements. When a change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, it will then
                  be recognised as a provision.

                  A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
                  only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain events not wholly within the control
                  of the Group.

                  Contingent assets are not recognised but are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial
                  statements when an inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually certain, an asset is
                  recognised.




92   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.25 Revenue from contracts with customers
             The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
             the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

             A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or
             a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

             Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
             towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
             met:

             •     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                   performance as the Group performs;

             •     the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                   performs; or

             •     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
                   Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

             Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
             good or service.

             A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the
             Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in
             accordance with HKFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
             consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023   93
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.25 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                  A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which
                  the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

                  A contract asset and a contract liability relating to a contract are accounted for and presented on a net
                  basis.

                  (i)   Foundation works and superstructure building works
                        Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
                        performance obligation
                        Output method
                        The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on
                        output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of
                        the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or
                        services promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring
                        control of goods or services.

                        Variable consideration
                        For contracts that contain variable consideration (variation order of construction work), the Group
                        estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled using either (a) the expected value
                        method or (b) the most likely amount, depending on which method better predicts the amount of
                        consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

                        The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the
                        extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal
                        in the future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently
                        resolved.

                        At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
                        updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to
                        represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in
                        circumstances during the reporting period.

                        Costs to fulfil a contract
                        The Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract in its construction contracts. The Group first assesses
                        whether these costs qualify for recognition as an asset in terms of other relevant standards, failing
                        which it recognises an asset for these costs only if they meet all of the following criteria:

                        •      the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can
                               specifically identify;

                        •      the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in
                               continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and

                        •      the costs are expected to be recovered.

                        The asset so recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
                        consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate.
                        The asset is subject to impairment review.




94   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.25 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
             (ii)    Sale of properties
                     Revenue arising from the sale of properties developed for sales in the ordinary course of business
                     is recognised when legal assignment is completed, which is the point in time when the customer
                     has the ability to direct the use of the property and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits
                     of the property. Deposits and instalments received on properties pre- sold prior to the date of
                     revenue recognition were included in the consolidated statement of financial position under
                     “contract liabilities”.

             (iii)   Property management services
                     Revenue arising from property management services is recognised over time in the accounting
                     period in which the services are rendered. The Group bills a fixed amount for services provided to
                     the customers and recognises as revenue in the amount to which the Group satisfies performance
                     obligations by transferring the services to its customers.

             (iv)    Trading of construction materials/Sales of healthcare products and healthy food/Sales of
                     agricultures products, food and beverage materials/Sales of smart energy equipments
                     Revenue from sales of goods is recognised when control of the products has transferred, being
                     when the products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled obligations that could
                     affect the customers’ acceptance of the products. A delivery occurs when the products have been
                     delivered to the specific location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the
                     customer, and either the customer has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract,
                     or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

                     A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that
                     consideration is unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment is
                     due.

             (v)     Manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC
                     Revenue from the manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC directly to the
                     customers is recognised at the point that the control of the finished products has passed to the
                     customers, which is primarily upon the delivery of the products to the customers.

             (vi)    Installation of smart energy equipments services
                     The performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the
                     customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Revenue for these services is therefore
                     recognized over-time using output method, i.e. by reference to the progress towards complete
                     satisfaction of a performance obligation of the end of the reporting period, measured based on the
                     completion report signed by the customers.

      2.26 Leases
             Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased
             asset is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance
             cost. The finance cost is charged to consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
             income over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining
             balance of the liability for each period.

             Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
             include the net present value of fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease
             incentives receivable.


                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023   95
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.26 Leases (Continued)
                  Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in
                  the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices. However,
                  for leases of real estate for which the Group is a lessee, it has elected not to separate lease and non-
                  lease components and instead accounts for these as a single lease component.

                  Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.
                  The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interest in the leased assets that
                  are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

                  The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
                  readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental
                  borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds
                  necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment
                  with similar terms, security and conditions.

                  To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

                  •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting
                        point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received,

                  •     uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases
                        held by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing, and

                  •     makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.

                  Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the amount of the initial measurement of lease
                  liability and any lease payments made at or before the commencement date. Depreciation on right-of-use
                  assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to their residual values over their
                  estimated lease period.

                  Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-
                  line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or
                  less.

                  Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
                  measurement of the liability. Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is
                  recognised in income on a straight- line basis over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining
                  an operating lease are added to carrying amount of the underlying asset and recognised as expense over
                  the lease term on the same basis as lease income. The respective leased assets are included in the
                  balance sheet based on their nature.

           2.27 Dividend distribution
                  Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s
                  consolidated financial statements in the year in which the dividends are approved by the Group’s
                  shareholders or directors, where appropriate.

           2.28 Deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy
                  Life insurance policy that can be terminated at any time is determined by the upfront payments plus
                  accumulated interest earned and minus the accumulated insurance charge and policy expense charge. If
                  withdrawal is made, a pre-determined specified amount of surrender charge would be imposed.



96   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.29 Government grants
             Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that
             the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. Government grants
             relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the profit or loss over the period necessary to match
             them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

      2.30 Interest income
             Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and financial assets at FVOCI calculated using the
             effective interest method is recognised in profit or loss as part of other income.

             Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
             financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit impaired
             financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after
             deduction of the loss allowance).

      2.31 Inventories
             Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories include
             construction materials, agriculture products, food and beverage materials, healthcare products and
             healthy food and smart energy equipments which are determined on a first-in, first-out method and costs
             of inventories include photovoltaic products and EPC which are determined by weighted average method.
             Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of
             completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental
             costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the
             sale.

      2.32 Related parties
             A party is considered to be related to the Group if:
             (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person:

                   (i)     has control or joint control of the Group;

                   (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                   (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group.

             or

             (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                   (i)     has control or joint control of the Group;

                   (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or
                           fellow subsidiary of the other entity);

                   (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                   (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                           entity;

                   (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group
                           or an entity related to the Group;

                   (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                   (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of key
                           management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                   (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                          services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

             Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence or
             be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   97
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023



     3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
           3.1 Financial risk factors
                  The Group’s activities exposed it to a variety of financial risks: foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk,
                  credit risk and liquidity risk.

                  The Group’s overall risk management programmed focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets
                  and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

                  (i)    Foreign exchange risk
                         The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk primarily arising from monetary assets and liabilities
                         of certain subsidiaries denominated in foreign currencies other than their functional currencies. The
                         currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily HK$, Renminbi and the United States Dollar.

                         The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk
                         arising from forecast transactions or recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other
                         than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate.

                                                                              Assets                          Liabilities
                                                                          2023             2022             2023               2022
                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000


                         HK$                                                  –                –         153,037                  –
                         Renminbi (“RMB”)                                 2,064           34,302               –                  –
                         United States Dollar (“US$”)                     3,405            3,292               –                  –

                         Sensitivity analysis
                         If RMB has been appreciated/depreciated 5% against the foreign currency and all other variable
                         were held constant, the Group’s post-tax loss for the year would decrease/increase by
                         approximately HK$103,000 (2022: decrease/increase by approximately HK$1,906,000). No
                         sensitivity analysis is presented for foreign currency fluctuation between US$ against HK$ because
                         HK$ is pegged to US$ and assumed that the rate would not be materially affected by any changes
                         in movement in value of the HK$ against other currencies.

                  (ii)   Interest rate risk
                         Other than bank balances with variable interest rate, the Group has no other significant interest-
                         bearing assets. Management does not anticipate significant impact to interest-bearing assets
                         resulted from the changes in interest rates, because the interest rates of bank balances are not
                         expected to change significantly.

                         The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rates bank borrowings and
                         fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate other borrowings and lease liabilities. The Group is
                         not exposed to significant cash flow interest rate risk. The Group currently does not have interest
                         rate hedging policy. However, the management monitors interest rate exposure and will consider
                         hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arise.

                         Sensitivity analysis
                         The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for
                         variable-rate bank borrowing. It is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in
                         interest rates, with all other variables held constant, the Group’s profit for the year would decrease/
                         increase by approximately HK$1,778,000 (2022: nil).

                         The Group’s exposure to interest rates on financial liabilities are detailed in the liquidity risk
                         management section of this note.

98   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
             (iii)   Credit risk
                     Credit risk arises mainly from trade receivables, contract assets, bills receivables, other receivables
                     and deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank balances. The Group’s maximum exposure to credit
                     risk in the event of the counterparties’ failure to perform their obligations as at the reporting dates in
                     relation to each class of recognised financial assets is the carrying amount of those assets as stated
                     in the consolidated statements of financial position.

                     In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible
                     for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that
                     follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. The credit quality of the debtors is assessed
                     based on their financial position, past experience and other factors. The Group has policies in place
                     to ensure credit terms are granted to reliable debtors. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable
                     amount of each individual debt at the end of each of the reporting period to ensure that adequate
                     impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the management of the
                     Group considers that the credit risk is significantly reduced.

                     As at 31 December 2023, there were five (2022: two) customers which individually contributed over
                     10% of the Group’s trade receivables. The aggregate amounts of trade receivables from these
                     customers amounted to 77% respectively (2022: 65%) of the Group’s total trade receivables as at
                     31 December 2023.

                     The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there
                     has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.
                     To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a
                     default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial
                     recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information.

                     Trade receivables and contract assets
                     The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits
                     the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables and contract assets. To
                     measure the ECL, trade receivables and contract assets have been assessed collectively using a
                     provision matrix with appropriate groupings based on same risk characteristics and the days past
                     due. The Group has performed historical analysis and identified the key economic variables
                     impacting credit risk and expected credit loss. The ECL also incorporate forward-looking information
                     such as actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                     that are expected to cause a significant change to the debtor’s ability to meet its obligations.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   99
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
            3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                   (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                           Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)
                           As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the loss allowance for trade receivables and contract assets
                           were determined as follows:

                                                                                1 to 30    31 to 60    61 to 90      Over 90
                                                                                   days       days        days          days
                                                                    Current    past due   past due    past due      past due       Total

                           31 December 2023
                           Expected loss rate                        0.36%       0.10%       0.95%      8.59%          100%
                           Gross carrying amount —
                             trade receivables (HK$’000)            723,225       1,022    115,203      19,428         6,881     865,759
                           Gross carrying amount —
                             contract assets (HK$’000)               93,895           –          –              –          –      93,895

                           Loss allowance (HK$’000)                   2,938          1       1,094          1,668      6,881      12,582

                           31 December 2022
                           Expected loss rate                        0.29%       0.25%       6.72%      8.79%         65.75%
                           Gross carrying amount —
                             trade receivables (HK$’000)            123,288      42,924      5,266          6,097     52,920     230,495
                           Gross carrying amount —
                             contract assets (HK$’000)              105,350           –          –              –          –     105,350

                           Loss allowance (HK$’000)                     671        107         354           536      34,796      36,464

                           The estimated loss rate are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected
                           life of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue
                           cost or effect.

                           The Group uses four categories for bills receivables, other receivables and deposits, pledged bank
                           deposits and bank balances which reflect their credit risk and how the loss provision is determined
                           for each of those categories. These internal credit risk ratings are aligned to external credit ratings.

                           The Group’s internal credit risk grading comprises the following categories:

                                                                                                                Basis for recognition
                           Category             Group definition of category                                    of ECL

                           Performing           There have low risk of default and has not been any             12-month ECL
                                                  significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition
                           Doubtful             There have been significant increase in credit risk since       Lifetime ECL —
                                                  initial recognition                                              not credit impaired
                           Default              There is credit impaired when one or more events that    Lifetime ECL —
                                                  have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash    credit impaired
                                                  flows
                           Write-off            There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in severe       Amount is written off
                                                  financial difficulty and the Group has no realistic
                                                  prospect of recovery

                           Bills receivables
                           The internal credit rating of bills receivables were performing. Management has measured the loss
                           allowances of these financial assets at 12m ECL. The Group uses past due information and forward-
                           looking information to assess whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition.


100   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
             (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                     Other receivables and deposits
                     For other receivables and deposits, the management makes periodic individual assessment on the
                     recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past
                     experience, and also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive
                     forward-looking information.

                     Pledged bank deposits and bank balances
                     The credit risk of pledged bank deposits and bank balances is considered not material as such
                     amounts are placed in reputable banks with high credit rating assigned by international credit-rating
                     agencies. There has been no recent history of default in relation to these banks and thus the risk of
                     default is regarded as low.

                     The movement in the loss allowances for trade receivables, contract assets, bills receivables and
                     other receivables and deposits during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are as follows:

                                                                               Trade              Trade         Contract
                                                                         receivables       receivables             assets                          Other
                                                                       Life-time ECL     Life-time ECL     Life-time ECL             Bills   receivables
                                                                          (not credit            (credit      (not credit     receivables  and deposits
                                                                            impaired)         impaired)         impaired) (12-month ECL) (12-month ECL)
                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


                     As at 1 January 2022                                      2,919                 –             576                –             473
                     Transfer to credit-impaired                                (964)              964               –                –               –
                     Provision for/(reversal of) loss allowance
                        recognised in profit or loss during the year               71           34,811              (68)              –           1,476
                     Disposal of subsidiaries                                   (722)                –                –               –              (10)
                     Exchange realignment                                         (99)            (979)             (45)              –            (118)


                     As at 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                 1,205            34,796             463                –           1,821
                     Transfer to credit-impaired                                  (6)                 6               –               –                –
                     Provision for/(reversal of) loss allowance
                        recognised in profit or loss during the year           3,347           (27,260)            744              832           (1,488)
                     Disposal of subsidiaries                                     –*                –*              –*                –               –*
                     Exchange realignment                                        (35)             (661)            (17)              (8)             (64)


                     As at 31 December 2023                                    4,511             6,881            1,190             824             269

                     *       Less than HK$1,000


                     The creation and release of provision for impaired trade receivables, contract assets and bills and
                     other receivables and deposits have been included in administrative and other operating expenses
                     in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. Amounts charged
                     to the allowance account are generally written off, when there is no expectation of recovering
                     additional cash.




                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023     101
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
            3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                   (iv)   Liquidity risk
                          The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that
                          it maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet their liquidity requirements in the short and long
                          term. Management believes there is no significant liquidity risk as the Group has sufficient financial
                          resources to fund their operations.

                          The following table details the remaining contractual maturities at the end of each reporting period
                          of the Group’s financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
                          interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating based on current rates at the end
                          of each reporting period) and the earliest date the Group may be required to pay:

                                                             On demand      Between     Between                       Total       Total
                                                               or within     one and     two and    More than undiscounted     carrying
                                                               one year    two years   five years   five years  cash flows    amounts
                                                                HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


                          At 31 December 2023
                          Trade and other payables              967,744            –           –            –       967,744     967,744
                          Borrowings                            862,919       53,208     162,855      130,255     1,209,237   1,121,305
                          Lease liabilities                       1,656          276           –            –         1,932       1,876


                                                               1,832,319      53,484     162,855      130,255     2,178,913   2,090,925


                          At 31 December 2022
                          Trade and other payables              318,189            –           –            –       318,189    318,189
                          Amounts due to related companies            –            –     397,072            –       397,072    397,072
                          Borrowings                            500,142            –           –            –       500,142    499,728
                          Lease liabilities                       1,518        1,932           –            –         3,450      3,256


                                                                819,849        1,932     397,072            –     1,218,853   1,218,245




102   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.2 Capital risk management
             The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as
             a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders, to support the Group’s
             stability and growth; to earn a margin commensurate with the level of business and market risks in the
             Group’s operations and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

             In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the number of dividends paid to
             shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares, obtain new borrowings or sell assets to
             reduce debt.

             The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as the debts as at
             each year end divided by the total equity as at each year end.

             The gearing ratios of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000


             Debts (Note)                                                                            1,123,181          502,984
             Total equity                                                                            1,311,235          188,173


             Gearing ratio                                                                             85.66%           267.3%

             Note: Debt comprises borrowings and lease liabilities as detailed in Notes 28 and 33.


      3.3 Fair value estimation
             The Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 by level of the
             inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised into three levels
             within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

             •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

             •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                    either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

             •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                    inputs) (level 3).




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   103
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
            3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
                   (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
                          Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period.
                          The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are
                          determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used).

                                                                  Fair value as at
                                                                                                        Valuation                 Significant
                                                                                           Fair value   technique(s)              unobservable
                          Financial assets                        2023             2022    hierarchy    and key input(s)          input(s)
                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000


                          Listed equity securities classified         8              796   Level 1      Quoted bid prices in an   N/A
                            as financial assets at fair value                                            active market
                            through profit or loss

                          There were no transfers between Level 1, 2 and 3 in current and prior years.

                   (ii)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair
                          value on recurring basis
                          The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amount of financial assets and financial
                          liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair
                          values.




104   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
      Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are continually evaluated
      and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are
      believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
      seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a
      material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed
      below.

      Fair value measurements and valuation processes
      Some of the Group’s assets and liabilities are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. The board
      of directors of the Company have to determine the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs for fair value
      measurement.

      In estimating the fair value of investment properties, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is
      available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group engages independent qualified valuer to perform
      the valuation. At the end of each reporting period, the management of the Group works closely with the
      independent qualified valuer to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs for Level 2 and Level
      3 fair value measurement. The Group will first consider and adopt Level 2 inputs where inputs can be derived
      from observable quoted prices in the active market. When Level 2 inputs are not available, the Group will adopt
      valuation techniques that include Level 3 inputs. Where there is a material change in the fair value of the
      assets, the causes of the fluctuations will be reported to the board of directors of the Company. Information
      about the valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of the Group’s investment
      properties are disclosed in Note 16.

      Properties available for sale
      An assessment of the net realisable value is made in each reporting period. The Group takes into consideration
      the current market environment and the estimated market value of properties. Such assessment was made
      based on certain assumptions, which are subject to uncertainty and might materially differ from actual results.
      Net realisable value of properties for sale is determined based on the Group’s assessment of the price
      ultimately expected to be realised in the ordinary course of business by reference to prevailing market
      conditions less all estimated selling expenses. Impairment is made if the estimated net realisable value is less
      than the carrying amount. If the actual net realisable value on properties available for sale is less than expected
      as a result of change in market condition, a material provision for impairment loss may result. The carrying
      amount of the properties available for sale is approximately HK$36,200,000 (2022: HK$72,547,000).

      Estimation of recoverability of trade receivables
      The directors of the Company estimate the amount of loss allowance for trade receivable based on the credit
      risk of trade receivables. The loss allowance amount is measured as the difference between the asset’s
      carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows with the consideration of expected
      future credit losses. The assessment of the credit risk of trade receivables involves high degree of estimation
      and uncertainty as the directors of the Company estimates the loss rates for debtors by using past history,
      existing market conditions as well as forward-looking information. When the actual future cash flows are less
      than expected or more than expected, a material impairment loss or a material reversal of impairment loss may
      arise accordingly. For details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 3.1.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   105
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
            Revenue, other income and net gains recognised during the current year and prior year are as follows:

                                                                                                2023              2022
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


            Revenue
            Green building and construction related business                                 1,340,380          842,215
            New energy and EPC                                                               2,119,585           58,594
            Smart energy management services                                                    16,055           19,718
            Health and wellness                                                                409,875          483,997
            F&B supply chain                                                                   133,397          198,669


            Revenue from contracts with customers                                            4,019,292         1,603,193
            Rental income                                                                        9,007            10,448


                                                                                             4,028,299         1,613,641


            Other income and net gains/(loss)
            Interest income                                                                      1,381                 158
            Business consulting fee                                                                  –               9,173
            Gain/(loss) on fair value change of financial assets at fair value
              through profit or loss                                                                 1              (9,097)
            Gain on disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               81                   –
            Net gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                11,745              34,959
            Government grants                                                                    1,998               1,207
            Operating lease income                                                               1,814                 845
            Sundry income                                                                        1,791                 621


                                                                                                18,811              37,866

            During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group recognised government grants of approximately
            HK$1,207,000 of which approximately HK$760,000 in respect of Covid-19-related subsidies, related to
            Employment Support Scheme provided by the Hong Kong government, the grants were recognised when the
            required employment conditions were fulfilled.

            Government grants of approximately HK$1,998,000 (2022: approximately HK$447,000) in respect of foreign
            enterprises and other business incentives from various government authorities in the PRC, which were
            recognised during the year as there were no unfulfilled conditions.




106   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                           2023               2022
                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000


      Timing of revenue recognition
      Over time                                                                           271,590           204,369
      A point in time                                                                   3,747,702         1,398,824


                                                                                        4,019,292         1,603,193


      Types of services or goods
      Foundation works and superstructure building works                                  210,926           158,614
      Sale of properties                                                                    2,271            16,708
      Property management services                                                         44,847            45,755
      Trading of construction materials                                                 1,082,336           737,824
      Sales of agriculture products, food and beverage materials                          133,397            32,040
      Sales of healthcare products and healthy food                                       409,875           533,939
      Manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC                          2,119,585            58,595
      Sales of smart energy equipments                                                        238            19,718
      Installation of smart energy equipments services                                     15,817                 –


                                                                                        4,019,292         1,603,193


      Performance obligations for contracts with customers
      Foundation works and superstructure building works
      The performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the customer
      controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Revenue for these works is therefore recognised over time using
      output method, i.e. based on surveys of the relevant services completed by the Group to date with reference
      to certificates issued by customers or payment applications confirmed by internal surveyor. The directors of the
      Company consider that output method would faithfully depict the Group’s performance towards complete
      satisfaction of these performance obligations in these contracts under HKFRS 15.

      Sale of properties
      Revenue arising from the sale of properties developed for sale in the ordinary course of business is recognised
      when legal assignment is completed, which is the point in time when the customer has the ability to direct the
      use of the property and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits of the property. Deposits and
      instalments received on properties pre-sold prior to the date of revenue recognition were included in the
      consolidated statement of financial position under “contract liabilities”.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   107
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
            (Continued)
            Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)
            Property management services
            Revenue arising from property management services is recognised over time in the accounting period in which
            the services are rendered. The Group bills the amount for services provided to the customers and recognises
            as revenue in the amount to which the Group satisfies performance obligations by transferring the services to
            its customers. The Group has elected the practical expedient for not disclosing the remaining performance
            obligations for these types of contracts.

            Trading of construction materials/Sales of healthcare products and healthy food/Sales of agricultures
            products, food and beverage materials/Sales of smart energy equipments
            Revenue from sales of goods is recognised when control of the products has transferred, being when the
            products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled obligations that could affect the customers’
            acceptance of the products. A delivery occurs when the products have been delivered to the specific location,
            the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customer, and either the customer has
            accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, or the Group has objective evidence that all
            criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

            A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that consideration is
            unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.

            Manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC
            Revenue from the manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC directly to the customers is
            recognised at the point in time that the control of the finished products has passed to the customers, which is
            primarily upon the delivery of the products to the customers.

            Installation of smart energy equipments services
            The performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the customer
            controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Revenue for these services is therefore recognized over-time
            using output method, i.e. by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance
            obligation of the end of the reporting period, measured based on the completion report signed by the
            customers.




108   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations from contracts with
      customers
      The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as
      at 31 December 2023 and 2022 and the expected timing of recognising revenue are as follows:

                                                                                             2023               2022
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000


      Provision of foundation works and superstructure building works
      Within one year                                                                       183,380           293,256
      Over one year                                                                          58,416            55,721


                                                                                            241,796           348,977

      All property management services and installation of smart energy equipments services are for periods of one
      year or less. As permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not
      disclosed.


      Segment information
      The Group’s operating segments are determined based on information reported to the board of directors of the
      Company, being the chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and
      assessment of segment performance.

      Specifically, the Group’s reportable and operating segments under HKFRS 8 Operating Segments are as
      follows:

      (i)     Green building and construction related business — provision of piling works, excavation and lateral
              support works, and pile cap construction and building works; development and sale of properties and
              holding of properties for investment and leasing purposes; provision of property management services,
              which include security, cleaning, greening, gardening, repair and maintenance; and supplying of
              construction materials;

      (ii)    New energy and EPC — manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC;

      (iii)   Smart energy management services — provision of smart energy management system, which include
              sales and installation of energy-saving lighting, energy-saving equipment and information technology
              development services;

      (iv)    Health and wellness — provision of health and wellness services, which include the healthcare consulting
              and sales of healthcare products and healthy food; and

      (v)     F&B supply chain — provision of agriculture products, food and beverage materials supply chain business.

      The Group has introduced an additional segment of new energy and EPC during the year ended 31 December
      2022.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   109
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
            (Continued)
            Segment information (Continued)
            Segment revenue and results
            The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and result by operating segments:

            For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                Green building
                                                           and                Smart energy
                                                  construction   New energy   management          Health            F&B
                                              related business      and EPC       services   and wellness   supply chain      Total
                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000


            REVENUE
            Revenue from external customers         1,349,387     2,119,585         16,055       409,875        133,397    4,028,299


            RESULT
            Segment profit                             41,308        53,366            95              6          9,777     104,552


            Other income and net gains                                                                                        18,811
            Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                                   (15,320)
            Finance costs                                                                                                    (25,190)


            Profit before income tax                                                                                         82,853




110   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Segment information (Continued)
      Segment revenue and results (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2022

                                     Green building
                                                and                  Smart energy
                                        construction   New energy    management          Health             F&B
                                   related business      and EPC         services   and wellness    supply chain   Elimination        Total
                                           HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000


      REVENUE
      Revenue from external
         customers                         852,663         58,594         19,718        483,997         198,669             –     1,613,641
      Inter-segment sales                  112,542              –              –          2,238               –      (114,780)            –


                                           965,205         58,594         19,718        486,235         198,669      (114,780)    1,613,641


      RESULT
      Segment (loss)/profit                 (43,754)       (3,091)         1,063          (2,697)          (783)            –       (49,262)


      Other income and net gains                                                                                                     37,866
      Unallocated corporate
         expenses                                                                                                                   (14,094)
      Finance costs                                                                                                                   (5,520)


      Loss before income tax                                                                                                        (31,010)


      Segment revenue reported above represents revenue generated from external customers. Inter-segment
      revenue is charged at prevailing market rates.

      The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. Segment
      results represent the profit/(loss) from each segment without allocation of other income and net gains/(loss),
      unallocated corporate expenses and finance costs. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes
      of resource allocation and performance assessment.




                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023    111
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
            (Continued)
            Segment information (Continued)
            Segment assets and liabilities

                                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000


            Segment assets
            Green building and construction related business                                           557,371            709,377
            New energy and EPC                                                                       2,303,966            564,888
            Smart energy management services                                                            24,404             18,888
            Health and wellness                                                                             94             40,017
            F&B supply chain                                                                            33,220                885


            Total segment assets                                                                     2,919,055          1,334,055
            Unallocated corporate assets                                                               577,229            156,983


            Consolidated total assets                                                                3,496,284          1,491,038


            Segment liabilities
            Green building and construction related business                                           264,391            439,765
            New energy and EPC                                                                       1,772,653            454,771
            Smart energy management services                                                            18,225             11,489
            Health and wellness                                                                          1,236             39,340
            F&B supply chain                                                                            18,811              1,095


            Total segment liabilities                                                                2,075,316            946,460
            Unallocated corporate liabilities                                                          109,733            356,405


            Consolidated total liabilities                                                           2,185,049          1,302,865

            For the purposes of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources between segments:

            •      all assets are allocated to operating segments other than deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy,
                   deferred tax assets, tax recoverable, pledged bank deposits, cash and bank balance and other unallocated
                   corporate assets; and

            •      all liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than tax payables, deferred tax liabilities, liabilities
                   for long service payments and other unallocated corporate liabilities.




112   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Segment information (Continued)
      Other segment information
      For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                      Green building
                                                                 and
                                                        construction                 Smart energy    Health       F&B
                                                             related    New energy   management          and    supply
                                                           business        and EPC       services   wellness     chain   Unallocated      Total
                                                            HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


      Addition to non-current assets                               8       766,915             5           –         –             –    766,928
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment            6,802        10,444             1           –         –             7     17,254
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                          –             –             –           –         –         1,442      1,442
      Gain on fair value changes of investment
        properties                                             5,185             –              –          –         –             –      5,185


      For the year ended 31 December 2022

                                                       Green building
                                                                  and
                                                         construction                Smart energy    Health       F&B
                                                              related   New energy   management          and    supply
                                                            business      and EPC        services   wellness     chain   Unallocated       Total
                                                            HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000


      Addition to non-current assets                             403        66,101              –      4,330         –        37,762    108,596
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment            6,928            24              –        357         –             1      7,310
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                          –             –              –      1,998         –             –      1,998
      Loss on fair value changes of investment
        properties                                            (7,308)            –              –          –         –             –      (7,308)




                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023    113
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
            (Continued)
            Segment information (Continued)
            Geographical information
            The Group’s operations are located in both Hong Kong and the PRC.

            The Group’s revenue from external customers by location of operations and information about its non-current
            assets by location of assets are detailed below:

                                                                          Revenue from
                                                                        external customers                           Non-current assets
                                                                          2023                   2022                  2023            2022
                                                                        HK$’000                HK$’000               HK$’000         HK$’000


            Hong Kong                                                    187,379               101,544                 11,110         20,934
            The PRC                                                    3,840,920             1,512,097              1,370,458        297,105


                                                                       4,028,299             1,613,641              1,381,568        318,039

            Note: Non-current assets excluded deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy and deferred tax assets.


            Information about major customers
            Revenue from customers contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                                       2023            2022
                                                                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000


            Customer I1                                                                                               483,458           N/A4
            Customer II2                                                                                                N/A4         166,005
            Customer III3                                                                                               N/A4         165,662

            1
                   Revenue from manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC.
            2
                   Revenue from trading of health and wellness.
            3
                   Revenue from green building and construction related business.
            4
                   The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group in the respective year.


      6.    FINANCE COST

                                                                                                                       2023            2022
                                                                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000


            Interest on bank borrowings and other borrowings                                                              25,052          5,201
            Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                    138            319


                                                                                                                          25,190          5,520




114   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



7.    PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAX
      Profit/(loss) before taxation has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                         2023               2022
                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000


      Auditors’ remuneration                                                              1,580             1,580
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                      17,254             7,310
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                 1,442             1,998
      (Reversal of)/provision for impairment losses on trade receivables                (23,913)           34,160
      Provision for impairment losses on bills receivables                                  832                 –
      Provision for/(reversal of) impairment losses on contract assets                      744               (68)
      (Reversal of)/provision for impairment losses on other receivables and
        deposits                                                                         (1,488)            1,466
      Rental expense from short-term leases                                                 793             1,149
      Cost of properties and other inventories sold recognised as an expense          3,616,051           337,477
      Staff costs (including directors’ emoluments)                                      52,385            43,246


8.    EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES, INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

                                                                                         2023               2022
                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000


      Directors’ emoluments                                                              2,118              2,118
      Other staff costs                                                                 47,771             40,009
      Retirement scheme contributions
      — defined contribution plan, excluding directors                                    2,496              1,119


                                                                                        52,385             43,246

      The Group operates defined contribution schemes in Hong Kong which comply with the requirements under
      the Mandatory Provident Fund (“MPF”) Schemes Ordinance. All assets under the scheme are held separately
      from the Group under independently administered funds. Contributions to the MPF scheme follow the MPF
      Schemes Ordinance.

      The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries established in the PRC are required to participate in a state-
      managed retirement benefit scheme operated by the PRC government. The Group is required to contribute a
      certain percentage of basic payroll costs to the retirement benefit scheme to fund the benefits. The only
      obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make the required contributions
      under the scheme.

      As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, there were no forfeited contributions available to offset future employers’
      contributions to the schemes.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   115
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      9.    BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS
            (a)    Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
                   The remuneration of each director and the chief executive for the years ended 31 December 2023 and
                   2022 are set out below:

                                                                        Salaries,
                                                                     allowances
                                                                       and other                 Retirement
                                                                         benefits Discretionary      scheme
                                                               Fee        in kind      bonuses contributions     Total
                                                           HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000


                   Year ended 31 December 2023
                   Executive directors
                   — Mr. Yu Zhuyun (“Mr. Yu”) (Note (i))         –          600             –            18       618
                   — Mr. Li Menglin                              –          550             –             –       550

                   Non-executive directors
                   — Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                             –          100             –              –      100
                   — Ms. Zhu Yujuan                              –          100             –              –      100

                   Independent non-executive directors
                   — Dr. Li David Xianglin                    250             –             –              –      250
                   — Mr. Wang Wenxing                         250             –             –              –      250
                   — Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                       250             –             –              –      250


                                                              750         1,350             –            18      2,118




116   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



9.    BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
      (a)    Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)

                                                                        Salaries,
                                                                    allowances
                                                                      and other                      Retirement
                                                                        benefits    Discretionary        scheme
                                                            Fee          in kind        bonuses     contributions        Total
                                                        HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000


             Year ended 31 December 2022
             Executive directors
             — Mr. Yu (Note (i))                               –            600                –              18           618
             — Mr. Li Menglin                                  –            550                –               –           550

             Non-executive directors
             — Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                                 –            100                –               –           100
             — Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                  –            100                –               –           100

             Independent non-executive directors
             — Dr. Li David Xianglin                        250                –               –               –           250
             — Mr. Wang Wenxing                             250                –               –               –           250
             — Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                           250                –               –               –           250


                                                            750           1,350                –              18         2,118

             During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors as an inducement to join or upon
             joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2022: Nil). Neither the chief executive nor any of
             the directors has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the year (2022: Nil).




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   117
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      9.    BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
            (a)    Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)
                   Note:


                   (i)     Mr. Yu is also the chief executive officer of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above including these for services
                           rendered by him as the chief executive officer.


            (b) Five highest paid individuals
                   Of the five individuals with the highest in the Group, none (2022: two) were directors, whose
                   emoluments are disclosed above. The emoluments paid to the remaining five (2022: three) individuals
                   were as follows:

                                                                                                                    2023                 2022
                                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


                   Salaries and allowances                                                                            4,786                2,445
                   Discretionary bonuses                                                                              2,846                  116
                   Retirement scheme contributions                                                                       97                   54


                                                                                                                      7,729                2,615

                   The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                                                     2023                  2022
                                                                                                              Number of              Number of
                                                                                                              individuals            individuals


                   Emolument bands (in HK$)
                   Nil–HK$1,000,000                                                                                        1                    2
                   HK$1,000,001–HK$1,500,000                                                                               1                    1
                   HK$1,500,001–HK$2,000,000                                                                               1                    –
                   HK$2,000,001–HK$2,500,000                                                                               2                    –

                   During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the above highest paid individuals as (i) an
                   inducement to join or upon joining the Group or (ii) as compensation for loss of office as a director or
                   management of any members of the Group (2022: nil).




118   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE/(CREDIT)

                                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000


      The PRC Enterprise Income Tax
      — Current tax                                                                                11,953              2,045

      Deferred tax (Note 30)                                                                         (389)            (2,727)


      Income tax expense/(credit)                                                                  11,564               (682)

      On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
      2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28
      March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first
      HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will
      be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will
      continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

      Hong Kong Profits Tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits for both
      years. No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022
      as the Group has available tax losses brought forward from prior periods.

      Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the
      EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.

      Pursuant to relevant PRC tax laws and regulations, the annual taxable income of a small low-profit enterprises
      (the “Small Low-profit Enterprises”) that is not more than RMB1 million shall be taxed at a 20% corporate
      income tax rate on 12.5% (2022: 12.5%) of their taxable income amount for the proportion of taxable income
      not exceeding RMB1 million; and taxed at a 20% corporate income tax rate on 50% (2022: 50%) of their
      taxable income amount of more than RMB1 million but not exceeding RMB3 million for the year.

      Taxation arising in other jurisdiction is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdiction.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   119
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE/(CREDIT) (Continued)
            The tax charge/(credit) for the year can be reconciled to profit/(loss) before tax per consolidated statement of
            profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                                 2023              2022
                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000


            Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                      82,853            (31,010)


            Calculated at the statutory tax rate of 16.5% (2022:16.5%)                           13,670             (5,117)
            Income not subject to tax                                                            (7,176)            (4,255)
            Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                              2,091              9,128
            Tax concession                                                                         (258)              (222)
            Effect of PRC land appreciation tax                                                     856             (1,827)
            Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognised                      2,101              7,892
            Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                    (808)              (138)
            Effect of different taxation rates in other jurisdictions                             1,088             (6,143)


            Income tax expense/(credit)                                                          11,564               (682)


      11. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE

                                                                                                 2023              2022
                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000


            Profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the Company                                  66,323            (27,843)
                                                                                                    ’000              ’000
                                                                                                                (Restated)

            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
             calculating basic earnings/(loss) per share                                      4,224,000         4,224,000
                                                                                                HK cent           HK cent
                                                                                                                (Restated)

            Basic earnings/(loss) per share                                                         1.57             (0.66)

            The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share for the year
            ended 31 December 2023 has been adjusted for the share subdivision on 22 December 2023 as if they have
            taken place since the beginning of the period.

            The comparative figures for the basic loss per share for the year ended 31 December 2022 are restated to take
            into account of the effect of the above share subdivision during the year retrospectively as if they have taken
            place since the beginning of the comparative year.

            No diluted earnings/(loss) per share is presented for both years as there was no potential ordinary share
            outstanding.




120   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
      Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are set out as follows:

                                         Place of incorporation/                                Issued and fully
                                         operation and                                          paid-up capital/
      Name                               kind of legal entity      Principal activities         registered capital   Percentage of interest held
                                                                                                                           2023              2022

      Wise Trend Engineering Limited     Hong Kong, limited        Business of foundation    Ordinary share                100%             100%
       (“Wise Trend Engineering”)          liability company         works and superstructure HK$59,323,629            (indirect)        (indirect)
                                                                     building works

      Wise Trend Construction &          Hong Kong, limited        Handling human resources Ordinary share                 100%             100%
       Engineering Limited                 liability company         and related administrative HK$10,000              (indirect)        (indirect)
       (“Wise Trend Construction &                                   matters of the Group
       Engineering”)

      Wise Trend Construction Limited    Hong Kong, limited        Business of foundation    Ordinary share                100%             100%
       (“Wise Trend Construction”)         liability company         works and superstructure HK$1,000,000             (indirect)        (indirect)
                                                                     building works

      淅江新田鋪農旅開發有限公司                      PRC, limited              Business of property         Registered capital         100%             100%
       Zhejiang Xintianpu Agricultural     liability company         development and              RMB50,000,000        (indirect)        (indirect)
       Travel Development Ltd*                                       investment

      安徽中之環建築工程有限公司                   PRC, limited                 Business of foundation    Registered capital            100%             100%
       Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction liability company             works and superstructure RMB40,000,000            (indirect)        (indirect)
       Engineering Co., Ltd*                                         building works
       (“Anhui Zhongzhihuan
       Construction”)

      中環廣利恒(衢州)有色金屬                      PRC, limited              Trading of commodities       Registered capital         100%             100%
       貿易有限公司                              liability company                                      RMB50,000,000        (indirect)        (indirect)
       Zhonghuan Guangliheng
       (Quzhou) Non-Ferrous Metal
       Trading Co., Ltd*

      中環鑫信匯(衢州)貿易有限公司                    PRC, limited              Trading of commodities,      Registered capital         100%             100%
       Zhonghuan Xinxinhui (Quzhou)        liability company         provision of health and      RMB50,000,000        (indirect)        (indirect)
       Trading Co., Ltd*                                             wellness services and
                                                                     provision of agriculture
                                                                     products food and
                                                                     beverage materials
                                                                     supply chain business

      安徽中港物業服務有限公司                       PRC, limited              Provision of property        Registered capital         100%             100%
      Anhui Zhong Gang Property            liability company         investment advisory          RMB8,000,000         (indirect)        (indirect)
        Service Co., Ltd*                                            services

      中環數科(江蘇)智能科技有限公司                   PRC limited               Provision of smart energy    Registered capital         100%             100%
       Central DigiTech (Jiang Su)         liability company         management services          RMB20,000,000        (indirect)        (indirect)
       Intelligent Technology Inc.*




                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023       121
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                Place of incorporation/                               Issued and fully
                                                operation and                                         paid-up capital/
            Name                                kind of legal entity       Principal activities       registered capital     Percentage of interest held
                                                                                                                                   2023              2022

            中環低碳(安徽)新能源光伏科技                   PRC, limited                 Provision of new energy    Registered capital          53.33%            100%
              有限公司(前稱:中環中清(安徽)                  liability company            and EPC                    RMB800,000,000          (indirect)       (indirect)
              新能源光伏科技有限公司)
            Zhonghuan Low Carbon (Anhui) New
              Energy Photovoltaic Technology
              Co. Ltd. (formerly known as
              Zhonghuan Zhongqing (Anhui) New
              Energy Photovoltaic Technology
              Co. Ltd.*) “Zhonghuan Low
              Carbon (Anhui) New Energy”

            中環低碳(安徽)新能源光伏組件                    PRC, limited                Provision of new energy    Registered capital          53.33%            100%
              科技有限公司(前稱:中環中清                   liability company             and EPC                    RMB100,000,000          (indirect)       (indirect)
              (安徽)光伏組件有限公司)
            Zhonghuan Low Carbon (Anhui) New
              Energy Photovoltaic Module
              Technology Co., Ltd (formerly
              known as Zhonghuan Zhongqing
              (Anhui) Photovoltaic Module Co.,
              Ltd*) ”Photovoltaic Module”

            中環新能(安徽)先進电池制造                   PRC, limited                  Provision of new energy    Registered capital          53.33%            100%
              有限公司 (前稱:中環中清(安徽)                liability company             and EPC                    RMB100,000,000          (indirect)       (indirect)
              先進電池製造有限公司)
            Zhonghuan Xin Neng (Anhui)
              Advanced Battery Manufacturing
              Co. Ltd. (formerly known as
              Zhonghuan Zhongqing (Anhui)
              Advanced Battery Manufacturing
              Co. Ltd.*)

            中環低碳(鳳台)新能源科技                     PRC, limited                 Provision of new energy    Registered capital            100%            100%
              有限公司                              liability company            and EPC                    RMB30,000,000           (indirect)       (indirect)
            Zhonghuan Low Carbon (Fengtai)
              New Energy Technology Co. Ltd.*

            Notes:


            (a)      None of the subsidiaries had issued any listed securities at the end of the reporting period. The Group had no subsidiaries which have
                     material non-controlling interests for the year ended 31 December 2022.


            *        English translation of the name of a Chinese company is provided for identification purpose only.




122   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      The table below shows details of non-wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group that has material non-controlling
      interest:

                                                                      Proportion of ownership
                                             Place of incorporation     interests and voting
                                             and principal place of        rights held by            Profit allocated to           Accumulated
      Name of subsidiary                     business                 non-controlling interests   non-controlling interests   non-controlling interests
                                                                           2023           2022        2023          2022          2023           2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000


      Zhonghuan Low Carbon (Anhui)           PRC, limited liability      46.67%            N/A         5,588           N/A      462,088            N/A
        New Energy and its subsidiaries        company
      Individually immaterial subsidiaries                                                                                        (1,383)         (119)
        with non-controlling interests


                                                                                                                                460,705           (119)

      The non-controlling interests in respect of the others is not material.

      Summarised financial information on subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests
      Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling
      interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup
      eliminations.

      Summarised consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                                                               2023
                                                                                                                                             HK$’000


      Current assets                                                                                                                        1,489,569


      Non-current assets                                                                                                                    1,108,101


      Current liabilities                                                                                                               (1,341,397)


      Non-current liabilities                                                                                                                (266,156)


      Net assets                                                                                                                             990,117




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023      123
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
            Summarised financial information on subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests
            (Continued)
            Summarised consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

                                                                                                    2023
                                                                                                  HK$’000


            Revenue                                                                              1,736,551


            Profit for the period                                                                  11,974


            Profit attributable to the non-controlling interests                                     5,588


            Other comprehensive expense for the period                                              (7,564)


            Other comprehensive expense attributable to the non-controlling interests               (3,530)


            Total comprehensive income for the period                                                4,410


            Total comprehensive income allocated to non-controlling interests                        2,058

            Summarised consolidated statement of cash flows

                                                                                                    2023
                                                                                                  HK$’000


            Net cash outflow from operating activities                                            (654,806)


            Net cash outflow from investing activities                                            (821,850)


            Net cash inflow from financing activities                                            1,949,675


            Net cash inflow                                                                       473,019




124   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Summarised financial information on subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests
      (Continued)
      Deemed disposal of Photovoltaic Module
      In May 2023, the Group entered into an investment agreement (the “Agreements”) with an independent third
      party who agreed to subscribe RMB700,000,000 new registered capital of Photovoltaic Module, an indirect
      wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in cash consideration at RMB700,000,000 (approximately
      HK$770,000,000), which represented approximately 46.67% of the enlarged share capital of Photovoltaic
      Module. This resulted in a decrease in the Group’s equity interest in Photovoltaic Module from 100% to
      53.33%. The Group still retains its control over Photovoltaic Module and its subsidiaries, which is then
      accounted for an equity transaction with non-controlling interests. The difference between the consideration
      and the carrying value of net assets disposed of amounting to approximately HK$309,970,000 was recognised
      in equity.

      The effect of the disposal on the equity attributable to the owners of the Company is as follows:

                                                                                                        HK$’000


      Assets and liabilities at the date of deemed disposal                                             985,707


      46.67% equity interest in Photovoltaic Module disposed of                                         460,030

      Less: Consideration received                                                                      (385,000)
      Less: Settlement of other borrowing                                                               (385,000)


      Difference recognised directly in equity                                                          (309,970)


      Net cash inflow arising on disposal:
      Cash consideration received                                                                       385,000




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   125
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      13. DIVIDENDS
            No dividend was proposed or paid by the Board for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: Nil).

      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                            Furniture,
                                             Machinery                   fixtures and
                                                   and     Leasehold            office      Motor     Construction
                                             equipment improvements        equipment      vehicles     in progress       Total
                                               HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000

            Cost
            At 1 January 2022                     38,075       1,399            2,174       5,802                 –     47,450
            Additions                             65,106            –           1,015         388           11,936      78,445
            Disposals of subsidiaries                  –        (927)          (1,403)           –         (11,873)    (14,203)
            Disposals                                  –            –               –        (640)                –        (640)
            Exchange adjustments                  (1,683)         (48)           (179)         (23)             (63)     (1,996)

            At 31 December 2022                  101,498         424            1,607       5,527                 –    109,056

            Accumulated depreciation
            At 1 January 2022                     15,475         582              685       4,087                 –     20,829
            Charge for the year                    6,051         162              308         789                 –      7,310
            Disposals of subsidiaries                  –        (308)            (485)           –                –       (793)
            Disposals                                  –            –                –       (640)                –       (640)
            Exchange adjustments                       –          (12)             (79)        (14)               –       (105)

            At 31 December 2022                   21,526         424              429       4,222                 –     26,601

            Net book value
            At 31 December 2022                   79,972            –           1,178       1,305                 –     82,455

            Cost
            At 1 January 2023                    101,498         424            1,607       5,527                 –    109,056
            Additions                            761,527           –            5,000         401                 –    766,928
            Disposals of subsidiaries                  –           –              (39)          –                 –        (39)
            Exchange adjustments                  (8,545)          –              (98)         (6)                –     (8,649)

            At 31 December 2023                  854,480         424            6,470       5,922                 –    867,296

            Accumulated depreciation
            At 1 January 2023                     21,526         424              429       4,222                 –     26,601
            Charge for the year                   15,893           –              631         730                 –     17,254
            Disposals of subsidiaries                  –           –              (31)          –                 –        (31)
            Exchange adjustments                     (89)          –              (28)         (1)                –       (118)

            At 31 December 2023                   37,330         424            1,001       4,951                 –     43,706

            Net book value
            At 31 December 2023                  817,150            –           5,469         971                 –    823,590

            As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s certain machinery and equipment with a carrying amount of
            approximately HK$806,645,000 (2022: nil) have been pledged to secure the Group’s borrowings (Note 33).




126   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



15. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
      For both years, the Group leases certain properties as office premises for its operations. Leases contracts are
      entered into for fixed terms of three years (2022: three years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual
      basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.

                                                                                           Office
                                                                                        premises               Total
                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000


      At 31 December 2023
      Carrying amount                                                                       1,683              1,683


      At 31 December 2022
      Carrying amount                                                                       3,125              3,125


      For the year ended 31 December 2023
      Depreciation charge                                                                   1,442              1,442


      For the year ended 31 December 2022
      Depreciation charge                                                                   1,998              1,998

                                                                                           2023                2022
                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000


      Finance costs (Note 6)                                                                  138                319

      Expense relating to short-term leases                                                   793              1,149

      Total cash outflow for leases                                                         2,311              3,415

      Addition to right-of-use assets                                                            –            30,151

      Disposals of subsidiaries (Note 37)                                                        –            30,982

      The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for certain office premises and office equipment.

      During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, the local government provided the properties free of
      charge for supporting the development of the new photovoltaic project in Fengtai County, the PRC. There are
      no unfulfilled and other contingencies attached.

      The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leases assets that
      are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   127
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      16. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                                 HK$’000


            FAIR VALUE
            At 1 January 2022                                                                                     257,439
            Net decrease in fair value recognised in profit or loss                                                  (7,308)
            Exchange adjustments                                                                                   (20,741)


            At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                                229,390
            Disposal of investment properties                                                                      (6,184)
            Net increase in fair value recognised in profit or loss                                                 5,185
            Exchange adjustments                                                                                   (6,081)


            At 31 December 2023                                                                                   222,310

                                                                                                 2023              2022
                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000


            Unrealised gain/(loss) on properties revaluation included in profit or loss            5,185            (7,308)

            The fair value of the Group’s investment properties located in the PRC at 31 December 2023 have been arrived
            at on the basis of a valuation carried out on the respective dates by Peak Vision Appraisals Limited,
            independent qualified professional valuers not connected to the Group.

            Details of the Group’s investment properties and information about the fair value hierarchy as at the end of the
            reporting period are as follows:

                                                                      Fair value as at                     Fair value as at
                                                         Level 3                 2023         Level 3                 2022
                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000         HK$’000              HK$’000


            Investment properties
              located in the PRC                        222,310              222,310          229,390             229,390

            There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 during the year (2022: nil).

            As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s investment properties with a carrying amount of approximately
            HK$222,310,000 (2022: nil) have been pledged to secure the Group’s borrowings (Note 33).




128   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



16. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

                                                                                                       Relationship of
                                      Fair value   Valuation technique     Significant                 unobservable
      Investment properties           hierarchy    and key inputs          unobservable inputs         inputs to fair value

      At 31 December 2023

      Hotels located in the PRC       Level 3      Income capitalisation   Capitalisation rate 5%      The increase in capitalisation
                                                     method                                              rate, would result in a
                                                                                                         decrease in fair value and
                                                                                                         vice versa.

                                                                           Market rent per month       The increase in market rent,
                                                                            HK$34.2 per square metre     would result in a increase
                                                                                                         the fair value and vice versa.

      Properties located in the PRC   Level 3      Income capitalisation   Capitalisation rate 4.5%    The increase in capitalisation
                                                     method                                              rate, would result in a
                                                                                                         decrease in fair value and
                                                                                                         vice versa.

                                                                           Market rent per month       The increase in market rent,
                                                                            HK$42.1 per square metre     would result in a increase
                                                                                                         the fair value and vice versa.

      At 31 December 2022

      Hotels located in the PRC       Level 3      Income capitalisation   Capitalisation rate 4.5%    The increase in capitalisation
                                                     method                                              rate, would result in a
                                                                                                         decrease in fair value and
                                                                                                         vice versa.

                                                                           Market rent per month       The increase in market rent,
                                                                            HK$34.4 per square metre     would result in a increase
                                                                                                         the fair value and vice versa.

      Properties located in the PRC   Level 3      Income capitalisation   Capitalisation rate 4%      The increase in capitalisation
                                                     method                                              rate, would result in a
                                                                                                         decrease in fair value and
                                                                                                         vice versa.

                                                                           Market rent per month       The increase in market rent,
                                                                            HK$43.7 per square metre     would result in a increase
                                                                                                         the fair value and vice versa.

      As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the fair value was derived using the income capitalisation method, cross-
      referenced with comparable market transactions. The income capitalisation approach is based on the
      capitalisation of the existing rental income at appropriate capitalisation rates that by reference to the yields
      achieved in analysed market sales transactions and as expected by investors.

      In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023         129
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                     Goodwill                  Licence            Total
                                                                                                      HK$’000                  HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                                                       Note (i)                 Note (ii)


            At 1 January 2022                                                                                 757                  3,088           3,845
            Disposal of Hefei Guangyixin (Note 37(d))                                                        (508)                     –            (508)
            Exchange adjustments                                                                               (28)                 (240)           (268)


            As at 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                         221                  2,848           3,069
            Exchange adjustments                                                                               (4)                   (76)            (80)


            As at 31 December 2023                                                                            217                  2,772           2,989

            Notes:


            (i)      The carrying amount of goodwill is allocated to the CGU as follows:


                                                                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                                                                                  HK$’000         HK$’000


                     Property management                                                                                               217             221


                     (a)    Provision of property management services


                            During the year, the management performed impairment review for the goodwill. The recoverable amount of the CGU has been
                            determined by a value-in-use calculation based on the cash flow forecast derived from the most recent financial budgets and
                            estimated future cash flows covering a 5-year period as approved by management. The CGU’s cash flows are extrapolated using
                            a steady 2% growth rate (2022: 2%). This growth rate is based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed
                            the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. All cash flows are using a pre-tax discount rate of 19.27% (2022:
                            19.61%), that reflect the risks specific to the CGU. No impairment loss was recognised in respect of goodwill allocated to this
                            CGU for the year as the recoverable amount to this CGU exceeded its carrying amount (2022: Nil).


            (ii)     The licence represents a second class main contractor in general construction works licence (建築工程施工總承包貳級) in the PRC.


                     The licence is considered by the management of the Group as having an indefinite useful life as it is expected to generate economic
                     benefit to the Group indefinitely. The licence will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite.


                     During the year, the management performed impairment review for the licence. The recoverable amount of the licence has been
                     determined by a value-in-use calculation based on the cash flow forecast derived from the most recent financial budgets and estimated
                     future cash flows covering a 5-year period as approved by management. The CGU’s cash flows are extrapolated using a steady 2%
                     growth rate (2022: 2%). This growth rate is based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term
                     growth rate for the relevant industry. All cash flows are using a pre-tax discount rate of 16.31% (2022: 14.41%), that reflect the risks
                     specific to the licence. No impairment loss was recognised for year as the recoverable amount to the licence exceeded its carrying
                     amount (2022: Nil).




130   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



18. DEPOSIT AND PREPAYMENT FOR LIFE INSURANCE POLICY
      The Group entered into a life Insurance policy with an insurance company to insure Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin in
      2017. Under the policy, Wise Trend Engineering is the beneficiary and policy holder and the total insured sum
      is US$ 1,080,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$8,424,000). Wise Trend Engineering is required to pay
      upfront deposits of approximately US$388,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,026,000). Wise Trend
      Engineering can terminate the policy at any time and receive cash back based on the cash value of the policy at
      the date of withdrawal, which is determined by the upfront payments of approximately US$388,000 (equivalent
      to approximately HK$3,026,000) plus accumulated interest earned and minus the accumulated insurance
      charge and policy expense charge. In addition, if withdrawal is made at any time during the first to the
      eighteenth policy year, as appropriate, a pre-determined specified amount of surrender charge would be
      imposed. The insurance company will pay Wise Trend Engineering a guaranteed interest of 3.55% per annum
      for the first year, followed by guaranteed interest of 2% per annum or above per annum for the following years.

      At 31 December 2023, the deposits and prepayments for life insurance policies amounted to approximately
      HK$3,374,000 (2022: HK$3,293,000). The deposits and prepayments for life insurance policies are denominated
      in US$.

      Included in sundries income for the year was amount of approximately HK$105,000 (2022: HK$104,000) in
      respect of income on deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy.

      In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the surrender cash value (including guaranteed interest)
      reported by the financial institution on a regular basis is the best approximation of its fair value, which is
      categorised within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

19. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000


      Equity securities listed in the United States                                               8               796

      The fair value of the listed securities are determined based on quoted market bid price available on the relevant
      stock exchange.

      Details of disclosure for fair value measurement are set out in Note 3.3.

20. PROPERTIES AVAILABLE FOR SALE

                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000


      Properties available for sale                                                         36,200            72,547

      As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s properties available for sale with a carrying amount of approximately
      HK$36,200,000 (2022: nil) have been pledged to secure the Group’s borrowings (Note 33).




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023   131
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000


            Financial assets
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
              — mandatorily measured at FVTPL                                                               8               796


            Financial assets at amortised cost
            Trade, bills and other receivables excluding prepayments and
              deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                         990,946           304,396
            Pledged bank deposits                                                                    405,159                 –
            Cash and bank balances                                                                   137,372           613,996


            Total                                                                                  1,533,477           918,392


            Financial liabilities
            Financial liabilities at amortised cost
            Trade and other payables                                                                 967,744           318,189
            Amounts due to related companies                                                               –           397,072
            Borrowings                                                                             1,121,305           499,728
            Lease liabilities                                                                          1,876             3,256


            Total                                                                                  2,090,925         1,218,245


      22. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                      2023               2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000


            Contract assets                                                                           93,895           105,350
            Less: Provision for impairment losses                                                     (1,190)             (463)


            Contract assets — net                                                                     92,705           104,887
            Contract liabilities                                                                     (65,269)           (65,736)


                                                                                                      27,436             39,151

            Included in the Group’s contract assets are amount due from a related party of approximately HK$6,440,000 as
            at 31 December 2023 (2022: HK$8,885,000).

            The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for work completed and not billed
            because the rights are conditioned on factors other than passage of time. The contract assets are transferred
            to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional. When the Group receives a deposit before services
            are rendered, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the beginning of a contract, until the revenue recognised
            on the relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.




132   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



22. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
      Included in contract liabilities as at 31 December 2023 were in relation to the types of service or goods as the
      followings: (i) amounted to approximately HK$6,895,000 (2022: HK$19,465,000) for foundation works and
      superstructure building works; (ii) amounted to approximately HK$10,612,000 (2022: HK$14,260,000) for
      property management services; (iii) amounted to approximately HK$462,000 (2022: HK$28,400,000) for trading
      of construction materials; (iv) amounted to approximately HK$4,518,000 (2022: HK$1,062,000) for sales of
      agricultures products, food and beverage materials; (v) amounted to Nil (2022: HK$2,000,000) for sales of
      healthcare products and healthy food; (vi) amounted to approximately HK$413,000 (2022: HK$549,000) for
      installation of smart energy equipments services; and (vii) amounted to approximately HK$42,369,000 (2022:
      Nil) for manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC.

      As at 31 December 2023, included in contract assets comprises retention receivables of approximately
      HK$25,668,000 (2022: HK$22,517,000). Retention receivables represented the monies withheld by customers
      of contract works fully recoverable within 1 year from the date of completion of construction contracts, in
      accordance with the terms specified in the relevant contracts. Generally, upon satisfactory completion of
      contract work as set out in the contract, partial of the retention money of such contract work will be released
      to the Group, while the remaining will be released to the Group upon the expiration of the defects liability
      period.

      Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities
      The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to carried-forward
      contract liabilities:

                                                                                           2023               2022
                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000


      Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities
        balance at the beginning of the year                                               65,736            18,880

      Details of impairment assessment of contract assets for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are set
      out in Note 3.1.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   133
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      23. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000


            Trade receivables                                                                                           865,759             230,495
            Less: Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables                                                  (11,392)             (36,001)


                                                                                                                        854,367             194,494


            Bills receivables (note d)                                                                                   89,365                     –
            Less: Provision for impairment losses on bills receivables                                                     (824)                    –


                                                                                                                         88,541                     –


            Sub-total                                                                                                   942,908             194,494


            Other receivables                                                                                            36,319              38,280
            Deposits                                                                                                     11,988              73,443
            Deposits paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                              330,996                    –
            Prepayments                                                                                                 238,514              35,940
            Less: Provision for impairment losses on other receivables and deposits                                        (269)              (1,821)


                                                                                                                        617,548             145,842


            Total                                                                                                      1,560,456            340,336


            Analysed as:
              Non-current                                                                                                330,996                  –
              Current                                                                                                  1,229,460            340,336


                                                                                                                       1,560,456            340,336

            Notes:


            (a)      The credit terms granted to customers are varied and are generally the result of negotiations between individual customers and the
                     Group. The credit period granted to customers is generally 7 to 270 days (2022: 7 to 270 days).


            (b)      The trade receivables included amounts due from related companies of approximately HK$1,187,000 of trading in nature as at 31
                     December 2022. The ageing analysis of the trade receivables (excluding bills receivables) based on payment certificate date/invoice
                     date is as follows:


                                                                                                                            2023                 2022
                                                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000


                     0–30 days                                                                                            638,078              99,220
                     31–60 days                                                                                            18,414              43,344
                     61–90 days                                                                                           107,292              10,242
                     Over 90 days                                                                                         101,975              77,689


                                                                                                                          865,759             230,495



134   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



23. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Notes (continued):


      (c)    Age of trade receivables that are past due but not impaired:


             As at 31 December 2023, trade receivables of approximately HK$142,534,000 (2022: HK$107,207,000) were past due. Out of the past
             due balances, nil (2022: HK$52,920,000) has been past due 90 days or more and is not considered as in default. Based on past
             experience and forward-looking estimates, the amounts are considered as recoverable.


      (d)    Bills receivables are received from customers under ordinary course of business. All of the bills receivables are bank acceptance notes
             with a maturity period within six months.


      (e)    The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.


      (f)    Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables, bills receivables, other receivables and deposits for the years ended 31
             December 2023 and 2022 are set out in Note 3.1.


      (g)    Transfer of financial assets:


             The following were the Group’s trade receivables as at 31 December 2023 that were transferred to a financial institution in the PRC by
             discounting on a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the significant risks and rewards, it continues to recognise the full
             carrying amount and has recognised cash received on the transfer as other borrowings (see Note 33). These financial assets are carried
             at amortised cost in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.


                                                                                                                        2023                    2022
                                                                                                                      HK$’000                 HK$’000


             Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                                      42,334                  83,528
             Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                                  42,026                  71,538


24. INVENTORIES
      Inventories in the consolidated statements of financial position comprise:

                                                                                                                      2023                   2022
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000


      Raw materials                                                                                                   83,787                  15,487
      Working in process                                                                                              36,905                       –
      Finished goods                                                                                                  89,080                  21,096


                                                                                                                    209,772                   36,583




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023       135
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      25. CASH AND BANK BALANCES/PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS

                                                                                                                         2023                   2022
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                HK$’000


            Cash at banks                                                                                               137,365               613,929
            Cash on hand                                                                                                      7                    67


            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                   137,372               613,996

            Notes:


            (a)      As at 31 December 2023, pledged bank deposits held at banks of approximately HK$405,159,000 (2022: nil) were denominated in RMB,
                     which were reserves provided for bills payables.


            (b)      As at 31 December 2023, included in cash and cash equivalents of the Group was approximately HK$124,453,000 (2022:
                     HK$452,300,000) of bank balances denominated in RMB placed with banks in the PRC, which are not freely convertible into other
                     currencies.


            (c)      Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.


      26. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                                    Number of                   Share
                                                                                                                       shares                  capital
                                                                                                                         ’000                 HK$’000


            Ordinary shares of HK$0.000625 (2022: HK$0.0025) each

            Authorised:
            At 1 January 2022, 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                  20,000,000                  50,000
              Effect of share subdivision (Note)                                                                    60,000,000                       –


            At 31 December 2023                                                                                     80,000,000                  50,000


            Issued and fully paid:
            At 1 January 2022, 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                    1,056,000                   2,640
              Effect of share subdivision (Note)                                                                      3,168,000                       –


            At 31 December 2023                                                                                       4,224,000                   2,640

            Note: An ordinary resolution for the share subdivision was passed at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 20 December
                     2023. The subdivision of each of the existing issued and unissued ordinary share of a par value of HK$0.0025 each in the share capital
                     of the Company into four ordinary shares of a par value of HK$0.000625 each of the Company, has been effective from 22 December
                     2023.




136   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



27. SHARE OPTION SCHEME
      The Company’s share option scheme (the “Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on 13
      March 2018 as to attract and retain the best available personnel and to provide additional incentive to the
      eligible participants under the Scheme.

      Under the Scheme, the directors of the Company may at their absolute discretion and subject to the terms of
      the Scheme, grant options to any employees (full-time or part-time), directors, consultants or advisors,
      substantial shareholder, distributors, contractors, suppliers, agents, customers, business partners or service
      providers of the Group, to subscribe for shares of the Company. The eligibility of any participants to the grant of
      any options shall be determined by the directors from time to time on the basis of the directors’ opinion as to
      their contribution to the development and growth of the Group.

      The aggregate number of the Company’s shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
      granted and yet to be exercised under the Scheme and any other share options schemes of the Company must
      not exceed 30% of the Company’s shares in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under the
      Scheme or any other share options schemes of the Company if this will result in the limit being exceeded. The
      maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Scheme and any
      other share option schemes of the Company as from the adoption date must not in aggregate exceed 10% of
      all the shares in issue upon the date on which the shares are listed and permitted to be dealt in the Stock
      Exchange. The 10% limit may be refreshed at any time by approval of the Company’s shareholders in general
      meeting provided that the total number of the Company’s shares which may be issued upon exercise of all
      options to be granted under the Scheme and any other share options schemes of the Company must not
      exceed 10% of the Company’s shares in issue as at the date of approval of the refreshed limit.

      The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each participant
      (including both exercised and outstanding options) under the Scheme or any other share option schemes of the
      Company in any 12-month period up to date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the shares of the Company in
      issue. Where any further grant of options to a participant under the Scheme would result in the shares issued
      and to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such participant (including exercised,
      cancelled and outstanding options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant
      representing in aggregate over 1% of the shares in issue, such further grant must be separately approved by
      shareholders of the Company in general meeting with such participant and his/her close associates abstaining
      from voting.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   137
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      27. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
            Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of their
            respective associates must be approval by the independent non-executive directors of the Company (excluding
            any independent non-executive director who is the grantee). Where any share options granted to a substantial
            shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or any of their respective close
            associates would result in the total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options
            already granted and to be granted (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) under the Scheme
            and any other share option schemes of the Company to such person in any 12-month period up to and including
            the date of such grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue and having
            an aggregate value in excess of HK$5 million must be approved by the Company’s shareholders at the general
            meeting of the Company, with voting to be taken by way of poll.

            The offer of a grant of share options might be accepted in writing within 7 days from the date of the offer. An
            option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Scheme at any time during a period as the
            directors may determine which shall not exceed ten years from the date of grant subject to the provisions of
            early termination thereof. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable on acceptance of the grant of an option
            with a remittance in favour of the Company within such time as may be specified in the offer (which shall not
            be later than 7 days from the date of the offer).

            The subscription price shall be a price solely determined by the board of directors of the Company and notified
            to a participant and shall be at least the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares as stated in the
            Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the offer date; (ii) the average closing prices of the Company’s
            shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the 5 business days immediately
            preceding the date; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company’s share on the offer date.

            The Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing on 13 March 2018, subject to
            early termination provisions contained in the Scheme.

            No share options were granted since the adoption of the Scheme and there were no share option outstanding
            as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.




138   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



28. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000


      Lease liabilities payable:

      Within one year                                                                    1,601              1,380
      Within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years                    275              1,876


                                                                                         1,876              3,256
      Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
        current liabilities                                                             (1,601)            (1,380)


      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
       non-current liabilities                                                             275              1,876


29. LIABILITIES FOR LONG SERVICE PAYMENTS
      Under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance, the Group is obligated to make lump sum payments on
      cessation of employment in certain circumstances to certain employees who have completed at least five
      years of service with the Group. The amount payable is dependent on the employees’ final salary and years of
      service and is reduced by entitlements accrued under the Group’s retirement plan that are attributable to
      contributions made by the Group. The Group does not set aside any assets to fund any remaining obligations.
      The long service payments are paid out from the Group’s cash at banks when such payments are required.

                                                                                                           Total
                                                                                                         HK$’000


      At 1 January 2022                                                                                       884
      Credited to profit or loss                                                                             (203)


      At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                                  681
      Charged to profit or loss                                                                               423


      At 31 December 2023                                                                                   1,104




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   139
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      30. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
            For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
            and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
            purposes:

                                                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000


            Deferred tax assets                                                                                     32                  –
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                                            (7,185)            (7,705)


                                                                                                                (7,153)            (7,705)

            The components of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statements of financial
            position and the movements during the years are as follows:

                                                                Accelerated           Land
                                                                        tax    appreciation    Right-of-use           Lease
                                               ECL provision   depreciation             tax          assets       liabilities        Total
                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000


            At 1 January 2022 (audited)                   4          (2,879)         (8,175)              –               –         (11,050)
            Adjustment (note 2)                           –               –               –          (1,573)          1,573               –


            At 1 January 2022 (restated)                  4          (2,879)         (8,175)         (1,573)          1,573         (11,050)
            Disposal of subsidiaries                      –               –               –           1,354          (1,354)              –
            New leases entered                            –               –               –            (714)            714               –
            Credited/(charged) to profit or
              loss (Note 10)                              2            898           1,827             318               (318)       2,727
            Exchange realignment                          –              –             618              78                 (78)        618


            At 31 December 2022
               and 1 January 2023 (restated)              6          (1,981)         (5,730)          (537)              537         (7,705)
            Credited/(charged) to profit or
               loss (Note 10)                           759            894           (1,296)           260               (228)         389
            Exchange realignment                          –              –              163              –                  –          163


            At 31 December 2023                         765          (1,087)         (6,863)          (277)              309         (7,153)

            Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by
            the PRC subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the
            consolidated financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to profits earned by the PRC
            subsidiaries amounting to approximately HK$492,267,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: HK$145,371,000) as
            the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the
            temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

            At the end of the reporting period, the Group has estimated unused tax losses of approximately HK$87,395,000
            (2022: approximately HK$158,811,000) available for offsetting against future profits. No deferred tax asset has
            been recognised in respect of these estimated unused tax losses due to unpredictability of future profit
            streams. The losses may be carried forward indefinitely.



140   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



31. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                    2023                  2022
                                                                                                                  HK$’000               HK$’000


      Trade payables                                                                                               897,455               284,606
      Accruals and other payables                                                                                   70,289                33,583


                                                                                                                   967,744               318,189

      Notes:


      (a)      Payment terms granted by suppliers are generally 7 to 270 days (2022: 7 to 270 days) from the invoice date of the relevant purchases.


      (b)      The ageing analysis of trade payables based on the invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                                                        2023                   2022
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000


               0–30 days                                                                                             511,033               166,872
               31–60 days                                                                                            167,300                 36,991
               61–90 days                                                                                             78,052                  1,750
               Over 90 days                                                                                          141,070                 78,993


                                                                                                                     897,455               284,606


      (c)      In the Group’s other payables are amounts due to related parties of approximately HK$12,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022:
               HK$804,000), which are non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.


32. AMOUNTS DUE TO RELATED COMPANIES
      As at 31 December 2022, the amounts due to related companies are unsecured, non-interest bearing and
      repayable from two to three years.




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023     141
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      33. BORROWINGS

                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


            Bank borrowings — secured                                                        560,257            4,690
            Other borrowings — secured                                                        42,026           71,538
            Other borrowings — unsecured                                                      58,000          423,500
            Bills payables with full recourse                                                461,022                –


                                                                                           1,121,305          499,728

                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


            The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable:

            Within one year                                                                  833,149          499,728
            Within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years                 37,488                –
            Within a period of more than two year but not exceeding five years               134,464                –
            More than five years                                                             116,204                –


                                                                                           1,121,305          499,728
            Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
              current liabilities                                                           (833,149)         (499,728)


            Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
             non-current liabilities                                                         288,156                 –

            The effective interest rates of the fixed-rate bank borrowings of approximately HK$23,320,000 (2022:
            HK$4,690,000) bear interest rate of 3.5 to 6.9% per annum (2022: 3.3%). The variable-rate bank borrowings of
            approximately HK$536,937,000 (2022: nil) bear interest ranged from one year Loan Prime Rate (“LPR”) plus
            1.55% to 1.7% per annum and five years LPR plus 0.90% per annum issued by The People’s Bank of China
            (2022: nil).

            As at 31 December 2023, certain banking facilities of the Group were secured by corporate guarantees issued
            by the Company and personal guarantee provided by Mr. Yu Zhuyun, an executive director and the controlling
            shareholder of the Company. As at 31 December 2023, investment properties, properties available for sale and
            certain assets included in the property, plant and equipment of the Group with carrying amount of
            approximately HK$222,310,000, HK$36,200,000 and HK$806,645,000, respectively (2022: nil) were pledged as
            security for certain of the Group’s bank borrowings.

            The other borrowings amounting approximately HK$42,026,000 (2022: HK$71,538,000) are secured by certain
            trade receivables (Note 23) and bear fixed interest at 9.3% per annum (2022: 9.3% per annum).

            The other borrowings amounting approximately HK$58,000,000 (2022: HK$28,000,000) are unsecured and bear
            fixed interest at 5% per annum (2022: 5% per annum).

            The other borrowings amounting approximately HK$395,500,000 are unsecured and non-interest bearing in
            2022.




142   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



33. BORROWINGS (Continued)
      Borrowings that are denominated in currency other than the functional currency of the relevant group entities
      are set out below:

                                                                                         2023               2022
                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000


      HK$                                                                               153,037                   –


34. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      (a)    Reconciliation of profit/(loss) before income tax to net cash used in operations

                                                                                         2023               2022
                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000


             Profit/(loss) before income tax                                             82,853            (31,010)
             Adjustments for:
             Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                               17,254             7,310
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                          1,442             1,998
             Interest income                                                             (1,381)             (237)
             (Reversal of)/provision for impairment losses on trade receivables         (23,913)           34,160
             Provision for/(reversal of) impairment losses on contract assets               744               (68)
             (Reversal of)/provision for impairment losses on other
               receivables and deposits                                                    (656)             1,466
             (Gain)/loss on fair value changes of investment properties                  (5,185)             7,308
             (Gain)/loss on fair value changes of FATPL                                      (1)             9,097
             Net gains on disposal of subsidiaries                                      (11,745)           (34,959)
             Net losses on deregistration of subsidiaries                                   164                  –
             Gain on disposal of FATPL                                                      (81)                 –
             Gain on disposal of investment properties                                   (1,637)                 –
             Business consulting fee                                                          –             (9,173)
             Provision for/(reversal of) long service payments                              423               (203)
             Finance costs                                                               25,190              5,520


             Operating profit/(loss) before working capital changes                      83,471             (8,791)

             Decrease in properties available for sale                                    2,557             12,879
             Decrease in contract assets                                                  9,839             24,441
             Increase in trade and other receivables                                 (1,225,556)         (189,656)
             Increase in inventories                                                   (175,744)           (37,554)
             Increase in contract liabilities                                             1,276             49,675
             Increase in trade and other payables                                       709,031             86,300
             Increase in pledged bank deposits                                         (405,159)                 –


             Net cash used in operations                                             (1,000,285)           (62,706)




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   143
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      34. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)
            (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

                                                                Amounts
                                                           due to related                               Lease
                                                              companies        Borrowings           liabilities           Total
                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000             HK$’000           HK$’000


                   As at 1 January 2022                           103,196           107,047              6,290          216,533
                   Finance costs                                        –             5,201                319            5,520
                   Financing cash flow                            310,291           393,921             (2,266)         701,946
                   Transfer to other payables and
                     accruals                                            –                (5)                –                 (5)
                   New leases entered                                    –                 –             4,327             4,327
                   Disposals of subsidiaries                        (9,438)                –            (5,368)          (14,806)
                   Exchange adjustments                             (6,977)           (6,436)              (46)          (13,459)


                   As at 31 December 2022 and
                     1 January 2023                               397,072           499,728              3,256          900,056
                   Finance costs                                        –            25,052                138           25,190
                   Financing cash flow                            (91,901)        1,016,144             (1,518)         922,725
                   Settlement for deemed disposal
                     of partial interest in a subsidiary                 –         (385,000)                  –        (385,000)
                   Deemed contribution from a
                     shareholder from extinguished
                     loan                                        (298,143)                –                   –        (298,143)
                   Exchange adjustments                            (7,028)          (34,619)                  –         (41,647)


                   As at 31 December 2023                                –        1,121,305              1,876        1,123,181


            (c)    Major non-cash transaction
                   (i)   During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group received business consulting fee included in
                         the other income of approximately HK$9,173,000. Such amount was settled by listed equity
                         securities and recognised as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

      35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control, jointly control or exert significant influence over
            the other party in making financial or operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
            subject to common control or joint control. Related parties may be individuals or other entities.




144   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      Save as disclosed in Notes 22, 23, 31 and 32 to this report, the Group had the following significant related party
      transactions during the years are as follows:

      (a)    Transactions with related party

             Name of related party                                Nature of transaction                              2023              2022
                                                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000


             Grand Faith International                            Rental expense from
               Investment Limited                                   short-term leases                                     –               550
               (Notes (i) and (ii))                               Management fee                                          –                 3

             Linquan Zhongzhihuan Property                        Revenue from foundation
               Development Limited*                                 works and superstructure
               (臨泉中之環置業有限公司) (Note (i))                             building works                                        –           26,496

             *        English translation of the name of a Chinese company is provided for identification purpose only.


             Notes:


             (i)      The companies were controlled by Mr. Yu.


             (ii)     The management fee and rental expenses for short-term leases payable to the above related parties are based on the
                      agreements entered into between the parties involved.


      (b) The emoluments of the directors and senior executives (representing the key management personnel)
             during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are disclosed in Note 9.


36. SURETY BONDS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      Certain customers of construction contracts undertaken by the Group require the Group to issue guarantees for
      the performance of contract works in the form of surety bonds of approximately HK$35,056,000 (2022:
      HK$38,111,000) as at 31 December 2023. Mr. Ng Wong Kwong, Ms. Ng Chung Yan May and Wise Trend
      Engineering have unconditionally and irrevocably agreed to indemnify to the insurance companies that issue
      such surety bonds for claims and losses the insurance companies may incur in respect of the bonds. The
      surety bonds will be released when the contracts are completed or substantially completed pursuant to the
      relevant contract.

      As at 31 December 2023, the Group paid a cash collateral of approximately HK$10,750,000 (2022:
      HK$11,650,000) to the insurance companies for the issuance of surety bonds and are included in other
      receivables, deposits and prepayments (Note 23).

      The Group, in the ordinary course of its business, is involved in various claims, suits, investigations, and legal
      proceedings that arise from time to time. Although the Group does not expect that the outcome in any of these
      legal proceedings, individually or collectively, will have a material adverse effect on its financial position or
      results of operations, litigation is inherently unpredictable. Therefore, the Group could incur judgements or
      enter into settlements of claims that could adversely affect its operating results or cash flows in a particular
      period.




                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   145
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      37. DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES
            (a)    Disposal of Central Red Phoenix Supply Chain (HK) Limited and its subsidiary (collectively
                   named “Central Red Phoenix”)
                   In May 2023, the Group disposed of its entire equity interest in Central Red Phoenix Supply Chain (HK)
                   Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, for HK$10,000,000 consideration to a
                   third party. The aggregated net assets of Central Red Phoenix as at the date of disposal are set out as
                   follows:

                   Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                                HK$’000


                   Current assets
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                     6,973
                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       1,312

                   Current liabilities
                   Trade and other payables                                                                       (6,878)


                   Net assets disposal of                                                                          1,407

                   Gain on disposal of Central Red Phoenix

                                                                                                                HK$’000


                   Cash consideration received                                                                   10,000
                   Net assets disposed of                                                                         (1,407)
                   Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of Central
                     Red Phoenix to profit or loss                                                                   (94)


                   Gain on disposal                                                                                8,499

                   Analysis of net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Central Red
                   Phoenix

                                                                                                                HK$’000


                   Consideration received in cash                                                                10,000
                   Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                       (1,312)


                   Net cash inflow                                                                                 8,688




146   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



37. DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (b) Disposal of 新田鋪(浙江)供應鏈有限公司 Xintianpu (Zhejiang) Supply Chain Co., Ltd.*
          (“Xintianpu Supply Chain”) and its subsidiary
             In May 2023, the Group disposed the entire equity interests of Xintianpu Supply Chain and its subsidiary
             (collectively named “Xintianpu Supply Chain Group”), indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of the
             Company, for consideration of approximately RMB296,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$324,000) to a
             third party. The aggregated net assets of the Xintianpu Supply Chain Group as at the date of disposal are
             set out as follows:

             Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                            HK$’000


             Current assets
             Trade and other receivables                                                                       2,906
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           164

             Current liabilities
             Trade and other payables                                                                         (2,326)


             Net assets disposal of                                                                              744

             Gain on disposal of Xintianpu Supply Chain Group

                                                                                                            HK$’000


             Cash consideration received                                                                         324
             Net assets disposed of                                                                             (744)
             Non-controlling interest                                                                            489
             Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
               Xintianpu Supply Chain Group to profit or loss                                                     (26)


             Gain on disposal                                                                                     43

             Analysis of net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Xintianpu Supply
             Chain Group

                                                                                                            HK$’000


             Consideration received in cash                                                                      324
             Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                           (164)


             Net cash inflow                                                                                     160




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   147
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      37. DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
            (c)    Disposal of 中之環大健康科技發展(北京)有限公司 Zhongzhihuanda Health Technology
                   Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd.* (“Zhongzhihuanda Health”)
                   In June 2023, the Group disposed its entire equity interests of Zhongzhihuanda Health, indirect wholly-
                   owned subsidiaries of the Company, for nil consideration to a third party. The aggregated net liabilities of
                   the Zhongzhihuanda Health as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

                   Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                                    HK$’000


                   Non-current assets
                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                            8



                   Current assets
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                         1,052
                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               1

                   Current liabilities
                   Trade and other payables                                                                            (4,043)


                   Net liabilities disposal of                                                                         (2,982)

                   Gain on disposal of Zhongzhihuanda Health

                                                                                                                    HK$’000


                   Cash consideration received                                                                             –
                   Net liabilities disposed of                                                                         2,982
                   Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
                     Zhongzhihuanda Health to profit or loss                                                             221


                   Gain on disposal                                                                                    3,203

                   Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Zhongzhihuanda
                   Health

                                                                                                                    HK$’000


                   Consideration received in cash                                                                           –
                   Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                                (1)


                   Net cash outflow                                                                                        (1)




148   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



37. DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (d) Disposal of Hefei Guangyixin
             In February 2022, the Group disposed of its entire equity interest in Hefei Guangyixin, an indirect wholly-
             owned subsidiary of the Company, for nil consideration to a third party. The aggregated net liabilities of
             Hefei Guangyixin as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

             Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                              HK$’000


             Current assets
             Trade and other receivables                                                                           663
             Bank balances                                                                                          45

             Current liabilities
             Trade and other payables                                                                           (2,299)


             Net liabilities disposal of                                                                        (1,591)

             Gain on disposal of Hefei Guangyixin

                                                                                                              HK$’000


             Cash consideration received                                                                             –
             Net liabilities disposed of                                                                         1,591
             Goodwill                                                                                             (508)
             Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
               Hefei Guangyixin to profit or loss                                                                 (137)
             (137)




             Gain on disposal                                                                                      946

             Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Hefei Guangyixin

                                                                                                              HK$’000


             Consideration received in cash                                                                           –
             Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                               (45)


             Net cash outflow                                                                                       (45)




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   149
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      37. DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
            (e)    Disposal of Lenesta Health
                   In June 2022, the Group disposed of its entire equity interest in Lenesta Health, an indirect wholly-owned
                   subsidiary of the Company, for nil consideration to third parties. The aggregated net liabilities of Lenesta
                   Health as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

                   Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                                    HK$’000


                   Non-current assets
                   Right-of-use assets                                                                                 5,158
                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                       1,535

                   Current assets
                   Other receivables                                                                                     640
                   Bank balances                                                                                         113

                   Current liabilities
                   Other payables                                                                                      (2,497)
                   Amount due to related companies                                                                     (5,994)
                   Lease liabilities                                                                                   (1,080)

                   Non-current liabilities
                   Lease liabilities                                                                                   (4,334)


                   Net liabilities disposed of                                                                         (6,459)

                   Gain on disposal of Lenesta Health

                                                                                                                    HK$’000


                   Cash consideration received                                                                             –
                   Net liabilities disposed of                                                                         6,459
                   Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
                     Lenesta Health to profit or loss                                                                    192


                   Gain on disposal                                                                                    6,651

                   Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Lenesta Health

                                                                                                                    HK$’000


                   Consideration received in cash                                                                           –
                   Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                              (113)


                   Net cash outflow                                                                                      (113)




150   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



37. DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (f)    Disposal of Hao Zhe Kou (HK) Catering Management Limited and its subsidiaries
             (collectively named “Hao Zhe Kou Group”)
             In August 2022, the Group disposed of 41% its entire equity interests in Hao Zhe Kou Group, indirect
             wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, reducing its equity interest of 19% for nil consideration to
             third parties. The aggregated net liabilities of the Hao Zhe Kou Group as at the date of disposal are set out
             as follows:

             Analysis of assets and liabilities of over which control was lost:

                                                                                                               HK$’000


             Non-current assets
             Property, plant and equipment                                                                             2

             Current assets
             Trade and other receivables                                                                            853
             Bank balances                                                                                          382

             Current liabilities
             Trade and other payables                                                                             (2,081)
             Amount due to related companies                                                                      (3,444)


             Net liabilities disposed of                                                                          (4,288)

             Gain on disposal of Hao Zhe Kou Group

                                                                                                               HK$’000


             Cash consideration received                                                                               –
             Net liabilities disposed of                                                                           4,288
             Non-controlling interest                                                                             (1,043)
             Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
               Hao Zhe Kou Group to profit or loss                                                                   (33)
             (33)




             Gain on disposal                                                                                     3,212

             Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Hao Zhe Kou
             Group

                                                                                                               HK$’000


             Consideration received in cash                                                                            –
             Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                               (382)


             Net cash outflow                                                                                       (382)




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023   151
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      37. DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
            (g) Disposal of 京中環置業有限公司 JD Central Lead Property Limited* (“JD Central Lead”)
                and its subsidiary
                   In November 2022, the Group disposed the entire equity interests of JD Central Lead and its subsidiary
                   (collectively named “JD Central Lead Group”), indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, for
                   cash consideration of approximately RMB34,013,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$38,111,000) to a
                   third party. The aggregated net assets of the JD Central Lead Group as at the date of disposal are set out
                   as follows:

                   Analysis of assets and liabilities of over which control was lost:

                                                                                                                  HK$’000

                   Non-current assets
                   Right-of-use assets                                                                              25,824
                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                    11,873

                   Current assets
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                      29,271
                   Bank balances                                                                                       810

                   Current liabilities
                   Trade and other payables                                                                         (41,672)

                   Net assets disposed of                                                                           26,106

                   Gain on disposal of JD Central Lead Group

                                                                                                                  HK$’000

                   Cash consideration received and receivable                                                        38,111
                   Net assets disposed of                                                                           (26,106)
                   Non-controlling interest                                                                          12,818
                   Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
                     JD Central Lead Group to profit or loss                                                           (817)
                   (817)




                   Gain on disposal                                                                                 24,006

                   Analysis of net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of JD Central Lead
                   Group

                                                                                                                  HK$’000

                   Consideration received in cash                                                                   34,300
                   Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                           (810)

                   Net cash inflow                                                                                  33,490


      38. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                                   2023             2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000

            Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of property, plant and
              equipment contracted for but not provided in the consolidated financial
              statements                                                                         418,148                  –




152   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2023



39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
    COMPANY
      (a)    Statement of financial position

                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000

             ASSETS
             Non-current assets
             Investment in subsidiaries                                                278,494            50,124

             Current assets
             Other receivables                                                              82             2,136
             Amounts due from subsidiaries                                             125,458           351,986
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                   3,409             9,093

                                                                                       128,949           363,215

             Total assets                                                              407,443           413,339

             EQUITY
             Capital and reserves
             Share capital                                                               2,640             2,640
             Reserves                                                                  316,137            23,090

             Total equity                                                              318,777            25,730

             LIABILITIES
             Non-current liabilities
             Amounts due to related companies                                                 –          329,165

             Current liabilities
             Other payables                                                               2,095            1,926
             Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                 86,571           56,518

                                                                                         88,666           58,444

             Total liabilities                                                           88,666          387,609

             Total equity and liabilities                                              407,443           413,339

             Net current assets                                                          40,283          304,771

             Total assets less current liabilities                                     318,777           354,895

             The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 16 March
             2024 and signed on its behalf by:

                                  Mr. Yu Zhuyun                                  Mr. Li Menglin
                                      Director                                      Director




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   153
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2023



      39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
          COMPANY (Continued)
            (b) Reserve movement

                                                              Share   Contributed Accumulated
                                                           premium        surplus      losses       Total
                                                            HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


                   Balance at 1 January 2022                 88,276            –       (55,241)    33,035
                   Loss and total comprehensive
                     expense for the year                         –            –        (9,945)    (9,945)


                   Balance at 31 December 2022 and
                     1 January 2023                          88,276            –       (65,186)    23,090

                   Deemed contribution from a
                     shareholder from extinguished loans          –      293,709             –    293,709
                   Loss and total comprehensive
                     expense for the year                         –            –         (662)       (662)


                   Balance at 31 December 2023               88,276      293,709      (65,848)    316,137




154   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Financial Summary


The financial summary of the Group for the current year and last five financial years/period is set as follows:

RESULTS
                                                                                   For the          For the         For the
                                                                   For the            year             year    nine months            For the
                                                               year ended           ended            ended           ended        year ended
                                                             31 December      31 December      31 December     31 December          31 March
                                                                     2023            2022             2021            2020              2020
                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000

Revenue                                                          4,028,299       1,613,641        1,086,236          373,527         180,447
Direct costs                                                    (3,855,486)     (1,582,543)      (1,034,470)        (368,301)       (173,320)

Gross profit                                                      172,813           31,098           51,766            5,226           7,127

Other income and net gains                                         18,811           37,866           41,413             3,207           4,347
Gain/(loss) on fair value changes of investment properties          5,185            (7,308)         45,254           35,703            5,375
Gain on disposal of investment properties                           1,637                 –               –                 –               –
Selling expenses                                                   (9,448)          (3,604)          (8,257)           (3,857)              –
Administrative and other operating expenses                       (80,955)         (83,542)         (47,224)         (36,326)         (27,381)
Finance costs                                                     (25,190)          (5,520)          (3,413)              (76)            (18)

Profit/(loss) before income tax                                    82,853          (31,010)          79,539            3,877          (10,550)
Income tax (expense)/credit                                       (11,564)             682          (19,253)          (4,529)          (2,137)

Profit/(loss) for the year/period                                  71,289          (30,328)          60,286             (652)         (12,687)
Other comprehensive (expense)/income                              (15,746)         (24,324)           7,365            2,395              (98)

Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the
  year/period attributable to owners of the Company                55,543          (54,652)          67,651            1,743          (12,785)

Profit/(loss) attributables to:
  Owners of the Company                                            66,323          (27,843)          61,985             (749)         (12,687)
  Non-controlling interests                                         4,966            (2,485)         (1,699)              97                –

Profit/(loss) for the year/period                                  71,289          (30,328)          60,286             (652)         (12,687)

Total comprehensive income/(expense) attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                            54,125          (41,756)          67,887            1,641          (12,785)
  Non-controlling interests                                         1,418          (12,896)            (236)             102                –

Total comprehensive income/(expense)                               55,543          (54,652)          67,651            1,743          (12,785)

                                                                    As at                                                              As at
                                                             31 December                  As at 31 December                        31 March
                                                                    2023            2022             2021             2020             2020
                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000

Non-current assets                                              1,384,974          321,332          297,185         112,533           43,206
Current assets                                                  2,111,310        1,169,706          474,996         367,954          231,208
Non-current liabilities                                           296,720          407,334          148,209          13,723            3,646
Current liabilities                                             1,888,329          895,531          392,758         304,307          110,054

Equity attributable to owners of the Company                      850,530          188,292          230,048         162,355          160,714
Non-controlling interests                                         460,705             (119)           1,166             102                –

Total equity                                                    1,311,235          188,173          231,214         162,457          160,714


                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   155
      Summary of Properties


      The properties held by the Group for the Reporting Year are set out as follows:

      PARTICULAR OF PROPERTY HELD AS INVESTMENT PROPERTY

                                                               Gross Floor       Group’s      Stage of
      Name/location                           Existing use           Area        interest   completion   Purposes

      Xintianpu Rural Wellness Centre         Hotel             18,599 sqm         100%          100%    Long-term leasing
        Fushi Street, Qujiang District,
        Quzhou City, Zhejiang Province, PRC

      Xintianpu Rural Wellness Centre         Bungalow           294.1 sqm         100%          100%    Long-term leasing
        Block 5 B , Fushi Street,
        Qujiang District, Quzhou City,
        Zhejiang Province, PRC

      PARTICULAR OF PROPERTY AVAILABLE FOR SALE

                                                               Gross Floor       Group’s      Stage of
      Name/location                           Existing use           Area        interest   completion   Purposes

      Xintianpu Rural Wellness Centre         Condominium      5,202.8 sqm         100%          100%    Properties available
        Fushi Street, Qujiang District,                                                                    for sale
        Quzhou City, Zhejiang Province, PRC




156   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
