                                Wang Yang Holdings Limited 泓盈控股有限公司
Wang Yang Holdings Limited                                            Wang Yang Holdings Limited
        泓 盈 控 股 有 限 公司                                                        泓盈控股有限公司
             （於開曼群島註冊成立的有限公司）                                               (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)
                    股份代號：1735                                                                                   Stock Code : 1735



                        年報                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT

                  2018                                                                                        2018




                                 Annual Report 2018 年報
                       CONTENTS
2                             Corporate Information

3                              Chairman’s Statement

4              Management Discussion and Analysis

7    Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

12                                  Directors’ Report

22                     Corporate Governance Report

33      Environmental, Social and Governance Report

40                      Independent Auditors’ Report
         Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
44                     Other Comprehensive Income

45       Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

47      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

48            Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

49    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

92                                Financial Summary
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                  COMPLIANCE ADVISER
    Non-executive Director                              Grande Capital Limited
    Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (Chairman)                       Room 1204B, 12/F, Tower 2
                                                        Lippo Centre
    Executive Directors                                 89 Queensway, Admiralty
                                                        Hong Kong
    Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin (Chief executive officer)
    Ms. Ng Chung Yan May
                                                        LEGAL ADVISER
    Independent non-executive Directors                 Adrian Yeung & Cheng
                                                        Suite 1201-2A, 12th Floor
    Mr. Yau Chung Hang
                                                        Golden Centre
    Mr. Pong Kam Keung
                                                        188 Des Voeux Road Central
    Mr. Lo Ki Chiu
                                                        Hong Kong
    AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                        CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
    Mr. Yau Chung Hang (Chairperson)                     REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
    Mr. Pong Kam Keung
                                                        Estera Trust (Cayman) Limited
    Mr. Lo Ki Chiu
                                                        PO Box 1350
                                                        Clifton House
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
                                                        75 Fort Street
    Mr. Pong Kam Keung (Chairperson)                    Grand Cayman KY1-1108
    Mr. Yau Chung Hang                                  Cayman Islands
    Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin
                                                        HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                 AND TRANSFER OFFICE
    Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (Chairperson)                    Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
    Mr. Yau Chung Hang                                  2103B, 21/F
    Mr. Lo Ki Chiu                                      148 Electric Road
                                                        North Point
    COMPANY SECRETARY                                   Hong Kong
    Mr. Poon Tak Wah
                                                        AUDITORS
    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                          HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
    Ms. Ng Chung Yan May                                Certified Public Accountants
    Mr. Poon Tak Wah                                    31st Floor, Gloucester Tower
                                                        The Landmark
    REGISTERED OFFICE IN THE                            11 Pedder Street, Central
      CAYMAN ISLANDS                                    Hong Kong
    PO Box 1350
    Clifton House                                       PRINCIPAL BANKERS
    75 Fort Street                                      The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
    Grand Cayman KY1-1108                                 Corporation Limited
    Cayman Islands                                      The Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
                                                        Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
    HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
     OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG                           COMPANY WEBSITE
    Offices E & F, 7th Floor                            www.wangyang.com.hk
    King Palace Plaza
    No. 55 King Yip Street                              STOCK CODE
    Kwun Tong                                           1735
    Kowloon
    Hong Kong




2       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Wang Yang Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”), I would like to present to our shareholders the first annual report of
the Group for the year ended 31 March 2018 (the “ Period”) following our listing (the “Listing”) on the Main Board of
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

The Company was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 29 March 2018 (the “Listing
Date”). 66,000,000 Shares were issued under the share offer, raising net proceeds of approximately HK$69.4 million
(after deducting Listing expenses). The Listing was an important milestone in our Group’s history. The additional
capital raised allows us to expand our business. It has also provided our Group an opportunity to strengthen our
corporate governance and further promote our Group as a well-organised establishment to the public.

For the Period, the Group recorded revenue of approximately $215.7 million, representing an increase of
approximately 17.0% as compared to the corresponding year ended 31 March 2017 (the “Previous Period”). Profit
attributable to the owners of the Company for the Period amounted to approximately HK$10.7 million. Earnings per
share for the Period were approximately HK$5.4 cents, as compared to the earnings per share of approximately
HK$13.61 cents for the Previous Period.

The Listing provided the Group additional capital funding to enhance our capacity by acquiring machinery and
equipment. Looking ahead, we are of the view that the construction industry in Hong Kong will remain under
intensified competition coupled with tight labor supply and increased costs of labour and raw materials.
Notwithstanding these market conditions of the industry, the general outlook for the industry is that growth is to be
continually supported by the Hong Kong Government’s investment in infrastructure and housing construction
projects. I am still confident that our Group can maintain its competitiveness due to its established proven track
record in the industry for foundation and superstructure buildings works in Hong Kong as well as our ability to provide
engineering designs by our experienced engineers. With the resources from the Listing, we are prepared to capture
more future opportunities for maximizing our shareholders’ (“Shareholders”) value.

Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our Shareholders, customers, business
associates and subcontractors for your continuous support to us. I would also send my warmest thanks to all our
management and staff members for your hard work and dedication prior to and after the Listing.




TSUI Kwok Ying
Chairman

Hong Kong, 29 June 2018




                                                                      Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited        3
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    BUSINESS REVIEW
    The Group is a contractor in Hong Kong undertaking (i) foundation works which include piling works, excavation and
    lateral support works, and pile cap construction; (ii) superstructure works which include building works in relation to
    the parts of the structure above the ground level; and (iii) other construction works such as demolition works, site
    formation works, ground investigation works, minor works, hoarding works, A&A works and fitting-out works. All
    revenue for the Period was derived from the contracts of the construction works.

    Our shares (the “Shares”) were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date when
    66,000,000 ordinary shares (comprising a public offer of 33,000,000 shares and placing of 33,000,000 shares) had
    been offered for subscription, at an offer price of HK$1.5 per Share.

    As at 31 March 2018, we had 18 contracts on hand (including contracts in progress and contracts which are yet to
    commence) with a total original contract value of approximately HK$724.8 million. As at 31 March 2017, we had 16
    contracts on hand with a total original contract value of HK$522.5 million.

    The general outlook for the industry is that growth is to be continually supported by the Hong Kong Government’s
    investment in infrastructure and housing construction projects. Though the construction industry will remain under
    intensified competition coupled with tight labour supply and increased costs of labour and raw materials, the Group
    is still confident in maintaining our competitiveness and remains positive for the future.

    FINANCIAL REVIEW
    Revenue
    The revenue of the Group for the Period amounted to approximately HK$215.7 million, i.e. about 17.0% more than
    that of approximately HK$184.4 million for the Previous Period. Such growth was mainly attributable to (i) 13 projects
    newly awarded and contributed revenue of approximately HK$49.1 million to the Group for the Period; and (ii) a
    higher amount of recognized revenue from 2 residential development projects in Kowloon Tong for the Period
    (HK$42.2 million) when compared with the amount of recognized revenue of the same project for the Previous
    Period (HK$12.1 million), which was due to the actual works progress under the relevant contracts as certified by the
    customers.

    Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
    The gross profit of the Group for the Period amounted to approximately HK$50.7 million, representing a slight
    increase of approximately 2.9% as compared to the Previous Period of approximately HK$49.3 million. The slight
    increase in the gross profit was mainly due to the increase in revenue for the Period as discussed above. The
    Group’s gross profit margin for the Period was approximately 23.5%, showing a slight decrease as compared with
    approximately 26.7% for the Previous Period. The decrease in gross profit margin was mainly attributable to the
    increase in the use of the subcontractors in performing the works for the Period. The Directors consider that a profit
    markup is generally factored in the fees charged by subcontractors, and, as a result, the more substantial use of
    subcontractors in performing the works led to relatively lower gross profit margins.

    Other Income and Net Gains
    Other income and net gains mainly comprises interest income from life insurance policies and fair value gain on
    available-for-sale financial asset (transfer from equity on disposal). During the Period, other income and net gains
    amounted to approximately HK$138,000 (2017: nil).

    Administrative and Other Operating Expenses
    The administrative and other operating expenses of the Group has increased from approximately HK$16.8 million for
    the Previous Period to approximately HK$33.7 million for the Period, representing an increase of approximately
    100.6%. Such increase was mainly due to the increase in the recognition of the Listing expenses for the Period
    (approximately HK$18.9 million) as compared to that in the Previous Period (approximately HK$2.6 million).




4       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Income Tax Expense
Income tax expense increased by approximately 15.0% from approximately HK$5.5 million for the Previous Period to
approximately HK$6.4 million for the Period. Despite the decrease in the net profit before tax for the Period, we
recorded an increase in income tax expense primarily because of the tax effect of the non-deductible Listing
expenses incurred for the Period.

Net Profit
As a result of the aforesaid and in particular the recognition of Listing expenses during the Period and the tax effect
of the non-deductible Listing expenses as explained above, our net profit for the year decreased from approximately
HK$27.0 million for the Previous Period to approximately HK$10.7 million for the Period, representing a decrease of
approximately 60.2%.

LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The Group has funded the liquidity for the Period and capital requirements primarily through capital contributions
from shareholders, cash inflow generated from operating activities as well as the proceeds received from Listing on
the Listing Date.

As at 31 March 2018, the Group had cash and bank balances of approximately HK$103.1 million (31 March 2017:
approximately HK$27.6 million). The increase was mainly due to the net proceeds received from the Listing.

As at 31 March 2018, the share capital and equity attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately
HK$2.6 million and HK$184.5 million respectively (31 March 2017: approximately HK$11.0 million and HK$74.5
million respectively).

The current ratio increased from approximately 2.6 times as at 31 March 2017 to 5.8 times as at 31 March 2018
mainly due to the increase in cash and bank balances from net proceeds received from the Listing.

Foreign Exchange Risk
The Group mainly operates in Hong Kong. All operating transactions and revenue were settled in Hong Kong dollars
and the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in Hong Kong dollars. With nearly no portion of monetary
transactions and assets denominated in foreign currencies, the Group did not engage in any derivatives agreement
and did not commit to any financial instrument to hedge its foreign exchange exposure during the Period as well as
during the Previous Period.

Gearing ratio
Gearing ratio is calculated by dividing all debts by total equity at the period-end date and expressed as a percentage.
Debts are defined to include payables incurred not in the ordinary course of business. The gearing ratio of the Group
as at 31 March 2018 is nil (as at 31 March 2017: approximately 1.9%).

Significant investment, Material Acquisitions and Disposal of Subsidiaries and Associates
Companies
Apart from the reorganization in relation to the Listing (as set out under the section headed “History and
Development” and the paragraph headed “Corporate Reorganisation” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus of the
Company dated 19 March 2018 (the “Prospectus”)), there was no significant investment held, material acquisitions
or disposals of subsidiaries and affiliated companies by the Group during the Period. Save for the business plan as
disclosed in the Prospectus, there was no plan for material investments or capital assets as at 31 March 2018.




                                                                     Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited        5
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    EMPLOYEES
    The Group had 43 employees (including full-time and casual employees who are paid on a daily basis) as at 31 March
    2018 (31 March 2017: 34). Total staff costs included directors’ emoluments for the Period amounted to
    approximately HK$22.8 million (Previous Period: approximately HK$19.7 million), salaries, wages and other staff
    benefits, contributions and retirement schemes, provisions for staff long service payment and untaken paid leave. In
    order to attract and retain high quality staff and to enable smooth operation within the Group, the Group offers
    competitive remuneration package that is based on overall market condition and individual employee experience and
    performance, as well as the performance of the Group. The remuneration policy and package of the Group’s
    employees are periodically reviewed. Apart from mandatory provident fund and job training programs, salaries
    increment and discretionary bonuses may be awarded to employment according to the assessment of individual
    performance and market situation. The emoluments of the Directors and senior management have been and will be
    reviewed by the remuneration committee of the Company which was established on 13 March 2018, taking into
    account to the Company’s operating results, market competitiveness, individual performance and achievement, and
    approved by the Board.

    CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
    The Group had no capital commitments as at 31 March 2018 (2017: nil).

    CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
    Our subsidiary, Wise Trend Engineering Limited, is being claimed by a customer in civil proceedings commenced in
    the District Court in respect of an alleged outstanding sum of HK$354,721 under a payment certificate of a project
    which it was engaged to carry out foundation works. Please refer to the details of the claim as disclosed in the
    Prospectus under the section headed “Business — Litigation and potential claims — Ongoing litigation with a
    customer”. As at the date of this annual report, the litigation is still ongoing at the pleadings stage. Taking into the
    opinion as disclosed in the Prospectus, our Directors maintain the view that the litigation would not have any material
    adverse impact on the results of operations, financial condition or business prospects of the Group as at the date of
    this annual report.

    Besides, our subsidiaries are involved in a number of claims, lawsuits and potential claims relating to employees’
    compensation cases and personal injuries claims in the ordinary course of business. The Directors considered that
    the possibility of any outflow in settling the personal injuries claims was remote as these claims were well covered
    by insurance. Accordingly, no provision for the contingent liabilities in respect of the personal injuries claims is
    necessary after due consideration of each case.

    Save as disclosed above and in note 31 to the Financial Statements in this annual report, the Group had no other
    contingent liabilities as at 31 March 2018 (2017: nil).

    COMPARISON OF BUSINESS OBJECTIVES WITH ACTUAL BUSINESS PROGRESS AND
    USE OF PROCEEDS
    As the Listing Date is close to the financial year end date of 31 March 2018, the Company has not yet utilised the
    proceeds from the Listing as planned as of 31 March 2018 and there has not yet been material business progress as
    of 31 March 2018 in implementing the business objectives set out in the Prospectus and up to the date of this
    annual report.

    DIVIDEND
    The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Period (2017: nil).




6       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
MANAGEMENT

Biographical Details of the Directors and Senior Management are set out as follows:

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (徐幗英), aged 78, is a non-executive Director, our Chairman and the chairperson of our
nomination committee. Ms. Tsui is one of our Controlling Shareholders of our Company (“Controlling Shareholders“)
and also a director of Wise Trend Engineering Limited (“Wise Trend Engineering“), Build Wise Limited (“Build
Wise“), United Prosperous Limited (“United Prosperous“), Grand Basework Limited (“Grand Basework“),
Prosperous Contractors Limited (“Prosperous Contractors”), Steer Vision Limited (“Steer Vision”) and Profound
Contractors Limited (“Profound Contractors”). Profound Contractors is also one of our Controlling Shareholders. Ms.
KY Tsui is primarily responsible for giving strategic advice and guidance on the business and operation of our Group.

Ms. Tsui has accumulated about 15 years of experience in the operation and management of the Group’s
engineering business in Hong Kong through her directorship in Wise Trend Engineering since August 2002. She is
the spouse of Mr. Ng Wong Kwong, a member of the senior management.

Prior to her joining Wise Trend Engineering in August 2002, Ms. Tsui had been a teacher of St. Stephen’s Girls’
Primary School for 30 years since 1964 to 1994, and her last position was the deputy head mistress of the school
which she was promoted to in September 1991. Ms. Tsui has obtained a certificate of registration of teacher in July
1963 and is a registered teacher under the Education Bureau. She also obtained a Diploma of Theology from The
Diocese of Hong Kong & Macau in June 1969.

Ms. Tsui is the mother of Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin (who is an executive Director and Chief Executive Officer) and
Ms. Ng Chung Yan May (who is an executive Director).

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin (吳志斌) ("Mr. Benjamin Ng"), aged 52, is an executive Director, our Chief Executive
Officer and a member of our remuneration committee. Mr. Ng is also one of the Controlling Shareholders of our
Company. He is primarily responsible for formulating overall business development strategy, project planning,
budgeting, contract administration, overseeing execution of the projects and managing quality management system
of our Group. Mr. Benjamin Ng is one of the founders of our Group and he was appointed a director of Wise Trend
Engineering in September 1996. He is currently a director of Wise Trend Engineering, Wise Trend Construction &
Engineering Limited, Build Wise, United Prosperous, Grand Basework, Steer Vision and Profound Contractors. Mr.
Benjamin Ng holds a degree of Bachelor of Engineering from Manchester Metropolitan University (formerly known
as Manchester Polytechnic) in the United Kingdom and a degree of Master of Science in Facility Management from
The Hong Kong Polytechnic University.

Mr. Benjamin Ng had been a shareholder and director of Wise Trend Engineering from September 1996 to June
2000. He rejoined our Group in February 2008 when he was appointed a director of Wise Trend Engineering and
Wise Trend Construction & Engineering up to present.

Mr. Benjamin Ng is the son of Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (a non-executive Director and Chairman of our Board) and Mr. Ng
Wong Kwong (a member of our senior management). He is the elder brother of Ms. Ng Chung Yan May who is an
executive Director.




                                                                    Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited       7
    BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
    MANAGEMENT

    Ms. Ng Chung Yan May (吳頌恩) ("Ms. May Ng"), aged 51, is our executive Director and one of the Controlling
    Shareholders of our Company. Ms. May Ng is also a director of Wise Trend Engineering, Wise Trend Construction,
    Build Wise, United Prosperous, Grand Basework, Steer Vision and Profound Contractors. She is primarily responsible
    for formulating overall business development strategy, execution of daily management and administration of our
    business and operations of our Group.

    Ms. May Ng obtained a degree of Bachelor of Arts in Industrial Economics from Coventry University (formerly known
    as Coventry Polytechnic) in the United Kingdom in July 1989. She has become a member of The Association of
    Chartered Certified Accountants in August 1999 and progressed to fellowship status in August 2004. Ms. May Ng is
    currently a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. She is also a member of the Hong
    Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since January 2003 and was accredited as an authorized supervisor to
    train prospective members of the Institute for the period from March 2013 to June 2019. She is registered under the
    Education Ordinance (Chapter 279 of the Laws of Hong Kong) as an independent manager of the Incorporated
    Management Committee of Sheng Kung Hui Lui Ming Choi Secondary School for the period from January 2016 to
    August 2019.

    Ms. May Ng has assumed the role of administration manager of Wise Trend Construction & Engineering Limited
    since September 2014. Prior to September 2014, she was an assistant vice president of Oversea-Chinese Banking
    Corporation Limited from May 1995 to May 2005 and a finance manager of Standard Chartered Bank from June 2005
    to September 2014.

    Ms. May Ng is the daughter of Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (a non-executive Director and Chairman of our Board) and Mr. Ng
    Wong Kwong (a member of our senior management). She is the younger sister of Mr. Benjamin Ng who is an
    executive Director and our Chief Executive Officer.

    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
    Mr. Yau Chung Hang (邱仲珩), aged 45, is an independent non-executive Director appointed by our Company on 13
    March 2018. Mr. Yau is also the chairperson of the audit committee and a member of remuneration committee and
    nomination committee of our Company.

    Mr. Yau has over 20 years of experience in finance and accounting. Mr. Yau is currently an independent non-
    executive director of Shuang Yun Holdings Limited (stock code: 1706) from October 2017, a company listed on the
    Main Board of The Stock Exchange which engages in roadworks services and construction machinery rental services
    in Singapore. He was the company secretary of Jiashili Group Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the
    Stock Exchange (stock code: 1285), from March 2014 to November 2017. Mr. Yau has been appointed as an
    independent non-executive director of ABC Communications (Holdings) Limited (now known as Ban Loong Holdings
    Limited), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code 30), from May 2013 to October
    2014. Besides, prior to joining Jiashili Group Limited, Mr. Yau was the chief financial officer and company secretary
    of Brilliant Circle Holdings International Limited (formerly known as CT Holdings (International) Limited), a company
    listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1008), from September 2007 to February 2014, and the
    company secretary, qualified accountant and authorised representative of Ningbo Yidong Electronic Company
    Limited, a company listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8249) (now known as Zhejiang RuiYuan
    Intelligent Control Technology Company Limited), from May 2005 to March 2006. He was also an assistant
    accounting manager of Tristate Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock
    code: 458), from January 2004 to May 2005, a chief financial officer and company secretary of Changchun Da Xing
    Pharmaceutical Company Limited from January 2002 to February 2004, and a credit manager of Valspar Hai Hong
    Company Limited from May 2000 to October 2001. He worked as an accountant II in January 1997 with Kwan Wong
    Tan & Fong which was subsequently merged with Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, a firm of certified public accountants,
    and Mr. Yau worked with Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu from August 1997 to May 2000 and his last position was a
    senior accountant I (note: level I).




8       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
MANAGEMENT

Mr. Yau obtained a Higher Diploma in Accountancy from the City University of Hong Kong in November 1995. He
also obtained a degree of Bachelor of Arts in Accountancy from the University of Bolton, the United Kingdom in
August 2005 through a distance learning program. He has been a fellow member of The Association of Chartered
Certified Accountants since December 2006 and a member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
since April 2002.

Prof. Pong Kam Keung (龐錦強), aged 56, is an independent non-executive Director appointed by our Company on
13 March 2018. Prof. Pong is also the chairperson of the remuneration committee and a member of audit committee
of our Company.

Prof. Pong is currently an INED of FSM Holdings Limited (stock code: 1721) from June 2018, a company listed on
the Main Board of the Stock Exchange which is a sheet metal facilitator with a focus on precision engineering and a
precision machine service provider based in Singapore, an independent non-executive director of HKE Holdings
Limited (stock code: 1726) from March 2018, a company listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange which
provides integrated design and building services for hospitals and clinics in Singapore, an independent non-executive
director of Shuang Yun Holdings Limited (stock code: 1706) from October 2017, a company listed on the Main Board
of the Stock Exchange which engages in roadworks services and construction machinery rental services in
Singapore, and a non-executive director of Star Properties Group (Cayman Islands) Limited (stock code: 1560) from
June 2016, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange in Hong Kong which engages in property
development of industrial building for sale and rental in Hong Kong. Prof. Pong was an executive director of Sundart
Holdings Limited (stock code: 1568) from December 2015 to February 2018, a company listed on the Main Board of
the Stock Exchange which engages in integrated fitting-out works in Hong Kong and Macau. Prof. Pong is also an
adjunct professor in the Division of Environment of The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology from
December 2013.

Prof. Pong was a member of the Disciplinary Tribunal of The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries for 2015.
Prof. Pong was the chief prosecution officer of the Environmental Protection Department of the Government from
July 2004 to July 2013. He served as advisor to the Hong Kong Architecture Centre from 2011 to 2013. He was also
a member of the Appeal Tribunal Panel of the Planning and Lands Branch of the Development Bureau of the
Government from February 2007 to November 2012 and a member of the Advisory Committee on Barrier Free
Access of the Buildings Department which expired in July 2003.

Prof. Pong obtained a degree of Bachelor of Science in Building Surveying from the Thames Polytechnic, United
Kingdom in June 1989, a degree of Master of Science in Property Investment from the City University of London,
United Kingdom in December 1993, a degree of Bachelor of Laws through a distance learning program from the
University of Wolverhampton, United Kingdom in September 1995, a Postgraduate Certificate in Laws from the
University of Hong Kong in June 1997, a degree of Master of Science in Urban Planning from the University of Hong
Kong in December 2005 and a degree of Master in Corporate Governance from the Hong Kong Polytechnic
University in October 2008. Prof. Pong is an authorised person (list of surveyors) registered with the Building
Authority renewed in September 2015.

Prof. Pong is a certified tax adviser of The Taxation Institute of Hong Kong from January 2015. Prof. Pong has been a
fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Construction Managers since August 2016, the Hong Kong Institute of Facility
Management since July 2000, the Hong Kong Institute of Surveyors since November 2000, the Chartered Institute of
Arbitrators since January 2001, the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyor since January 2006 and the Hong Kong
Institute of Chartered Secretaries since October 2012.




                                                                    Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited       9
     BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Lo Ki Chiu (盧其釗), aged 33, is an independent non-executive Director appointed by our company on 13 March
     2018. Mr. Lo is also a member of audit committee and nomination committee of our Company. Mr. Lo is currently
     the managing director of Wealth Property Agency Limited, a property agency in Hong Kong which he joined in
     December 2007 first as an account executive. Mr. Lo was a guest lecturer of The Education University of Hong Kong
     from January 2017 to June 2017. He was also a part-time instructor and an assistant instructor of the Lingnan
     Institute of Further Education, Lingnan University from February 2017 to June 2017 and from September 2012 to
     August 2013, respectively.

     Mr. Lo holds a degree of Bachelor of Arts in Physical Education and Recreation Management from the Hong Kong
     Baptist University in November 2007, as well as a degree of Master of Science in International Banking and Finance
     and a degree of Master of Philosophy in Economics from the Lingnan University in October 2009 and October 2011,
     respectively. Mr. Lo is a Ph. D candidate majoring in Physical Education in the Hong Kong Baptist University which
     was approved in September 2015.

     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. Ng Wong Kwong (吳宏光), aged 81, is the Technical Director of our Group. He is primarily responsible for
     overseeing technical engineering-related matters of our Group. Mr. Ng Wong Kwong is one of the founders of our
     Group and he has been appointed a director of Wise Trend Engineering since September 1996. Mr. Ng Wong Kwong
     has been the Technical Director and an Authorised Signatory of Wise Trend Engineering since Wise Trend
     Engineering has been registered in the register of the general building contractors and the register of specialist
     contractors maintained by the Buildings Department.

     Mr. Ng Wong Kwong graduated with a Degree of Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering from Chu Hai University,
     Taiwan in July 1960. He obtained membership of The American Society of Civil Engineers in May 1976. Mr. Ng
     Wong Kwong has accumulated over 50 years of experience in practising as an engineer in the construction industry.

     Mr. Ng Wong Kwong is the spouse of Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying, our non-executive Director and Chairman of the Board.
     Mr. Ng Wong Kwong is also the father of Mr. Benjamin Ng (our executive Director and Chief Executive Officer) and
     the father of Ms. May Ng (our executive Director).

     Mr. Poon Tak Wah (潘達華), aged 47, is the financial controller and company secretary of our Group. He is mainly
     responsible for overseeing the financial operation and overall corporate governance of our Group. Mr. Poon has been
     appointed a director of Wise Trend Construction & Engineering since May 2014.

     Mr. Poon holds a degree of Bachelor of Arts in Accountancy and Finance from the Heriot-Watt University in the
     United Kingdom and a Postgraduate Diploma in Professional Accounting from the Hong Kong Baptist University. He
     is currently a certified public accountant of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and an associate
     member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales.

     Mr. Fung Hing Yip David (馮興業), aged 44, is the technical manager of our Group. Mr. Fung joined our Group in
     May 2010 and is mainly responsible for overseeing design and construction of our projects. Mr. Fung has been
     appointed a director of Wise Trend Engineering since February 2016. Mr. Fung holds a Degree of Bachelor of
     Engineering (Civil) from The University of Warwick in the United Kingdom. Mr. Fung is a member of the Institute of
     Structural Engineers and is entitled to the designation of Chartered Structural Engineer in November 2000. Mr. Fung
     is admitted as a Chartered Civil Engineer and a member of The Institution of Civil Engineers in December 2000. He
     has been a Chartered Engineer since May 2001. In November 2010, Mr. Fung was admitted as a member of The
     Hong Kong Institution of Engineers and he has been registered in the Engineer Registration Board in the discipline of
     structural engineering.




10       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
BIOGRAPHIES OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
MANAGEMENT

Mr. Leung Kin Pong Brondson (梁健邦), aged 40, is the senior project manager of our Group. He is mainly
responsible for overall design and supervision of our foundation works, managing quality management system and
corresponding submission with the Government departments. Mr. Leung holds a Higher Diploma in Civil Engineering
from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University and a Degree of Bachelor of Engineering in Civil and Structural
Engineering from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University.




                                                                Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited     11
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     The Board is pleased to present their first report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the
     Group for the Period (the “Financial Statements”).

     CORPORATE REORGANISATION
     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on 29 March 2017. The Company
     completed the corporate reorganisation (the “Reorganisation”) on 8 March 2018 in preparation for the Listing,
     pursuant to which the Company became the holding company of the companies now comprising our Group. Details
     of the Reorganisation are set out in the section headed “History and Development — Reorganisation” in the
     Prospectus. The Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 29 March 2018 by way of share offer.

     The Company is domiciled in Hong Kong and has a principal place of business at Offices E & F, 7th Floor, King Palace
     Plaza, No. 55 King Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in Note 12 to
     the Financial Statements. There were no significant changes in the nature of the Group’s principal activities during
     the Period.

     BUSINESS REVIEW
     The business review and outlook of the Group for the Period are set out in the section headed “Management
     Discussion and Analysis” on pages 4 to 6 of this annual report.

     RESULTS
     The results of the Group for the Period are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income on page 44 of this annual report.

     FINAL DIVIDEND
     The Board does not recommend the payment of any final dividend for the Period (2017: Nil).

     CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
     In order to establish entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM to be held on Thursday, 23 August 2018, the register
     of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 16 August 2018 to Thursday, 23 August 2018, both days
     inclusive, during which period no transfer of Shares will be effected. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the
     AGM, all transfer of Shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with
     the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited at 2103B, 21/F, 148
     Electric Road, North Point, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30p.m. on Wednesday, 15 August 2018.

     ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
     The annual general meeting will be held on Thursday, 23 August 2018. A notice convening the meeting will be issued
     and sent to the shareholders in due course.




12       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
DIRECTORS’ REPORT


KEY RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The Group’s financial condition, results of operation, business and prospects may be affected by a number of risks
and uncertainties. The followings are the key risk and uncertainties identified by the Group relating to our business:

A significant portion of our revenue was generated from contracts awarded by a limited number
of customers and any significant decrease in the number of projects with our major customers
may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results
A significant portion of our revenue was derived from a limited number of customers during the Period. There is no
assurance that we will continue to obtain contracts from our major customers, and we are unable to secure suitable
projects of a comparable size and quantity as replacements from other customers, our financial condition and
operating results would be materially and adversely affected. In addition, in the event that our major customers
experience any liquidity problem, this may result in delay or default of payments to us, in which case, the business,
financial positions and prospects of our Group could be materially and adversely affected.

Our revenue mainly relies on successful tenders of foundation works and superstructure buildings
works projects which are not recurrent in nature, and there is no guarantee that our customers
will provide us with the new business
During the Period, our revenue was mainly derived from foundation works and superstructure buildings works
projects in Hong Kong which were awarded to us on successful tenders. Our future growth and success will depend
on our ability to continue to secure tender and contract awards. In addition, our business is contract-based and on a
non-recurring basis. We secured our foundations works and superstructure buildings works projects through
competitive tender process. We do not have long-term commitment with our customers and our customers are
therefore under no obligation to award projects to us. As such, there is no guarantee that we will be able to secure
new business from customers. Accordingly, the number and scale of projects and the amount of revenue we are
able to derive therefrom may vary significantly from period to period, and it may be difficult to forecast the volume of
future business.

The Group makes estimation of our project costs in our tenders and any failure to accurately
estimate the costs involved and/or delay in completion of any project may lead to cost overruns
or even result in losses
The Group’s ability to submit tender proposal at a competitive price with adequate profit margin and maintain our
profitability depends on various factors. We determine the tender price by taking into account factors including the
scope and complexity of the project, site conditions, project time frame, estimated construction materials costs,
labour and machinery requirement and capacity, extent of subcontracted works required, our relationship with
customers and prevailing market conditions. In addition, our Group may be subject to liquidated damages due to
delay in completing the projects, calculated on the basis of a fixed sum per day or according to certain damages
calculating mechanism as stipulated under the contract for the period which the works remain incomplete. Any
material inaccurate estimation in the time and costs involved in a project may give rise to delays in completion of
works and/or costs overruns, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our Group’s financial condition,
profitability and liquidity.




                                                                     Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited         13
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Period are set out in Note 14 to
     the Financial Statements.

     SUBSIDIARIES
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries during the Period are set out in Note 12 to the Financial
     Statements.

     SHARE CAPITAL
     The Company’s total issued share capital as at 31 March 2018 was 264,000,000 ordinary Shares of HK$0.01 per
     Share.

     Details of movements during the Period in the share capital of the Company are set out in Note 22 to the Financial
     Statements.

     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group during the Period are set out in the consolidated statement of
     changes in equity on page 47 of this annual report.

     As at 31 March 2018, the Company has reserves amounted to approximately HK$68.0 million available for
     distribution (2017: nil).

     DIRECTORS
     The Directors who held office during the period from the Listing Date and up to 31 March 2018 (the “Review
     Period”) and up to the date of this annual report are:

     Non-executive Director
     Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (Chairman)

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin (Chief Executive Officer)
     Ms. Ng Chung Yan May

     Independent non-executive Directors
     Mr. Yau Chung Hang
     Mr. Pong Kam Keung
     Mr. Lo Ki Chiu

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACT
     Each of the Directors has entered into a contract for appointment with the Company for a term of two years
     commencing from the Listing Date, unless terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing served by
     either party on the other.

     Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors, including those to be re-elected at the forth coming annual general
     meeting has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable within one year without payment of
     compensation, other than statutory compensation.




14       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
DIRECTORS’ REPORT


CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
The Company has received from the independent non-executive Directors a confirmation pursuant to Rule 3.13 of
the Listing Rule and considers that all the independent non-executive Directors are independent to the Company.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the Period.

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SECURITIES
As at 31 March 2018, the interest and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of the associated corporations (within the meaning
of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong (the “SFO”)) which have
been notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
any interest or short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which,
pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, have been entered in the register referred to therein, or have been, pursuant to
the Model Code, notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange were as follow:

(i)   Long position in the Shares

                                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                                       Shares held/                Percentage
       Name of Director                         Capacity/Nature of Interest                              interested           of shareholding


       Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying                       Interest in controlled corporation/                      198,000,000                          75%
                                                  interest held jointly with other
                                                  persons (Note 1)

       Mr. Benjamin Ng                          Interest in controlled corporation/                      198,000,000                          75%
                                                  interest held jointly with other
                                                  persons (Note 2)

       Ms. May Ng                               Interest in controlled corporation/                      198,000,000                          75%
                                                  interest held jointly with other
                                                  persons (Note 3)

      Notes:


      1.       These 198,000,000 Share are held by Profound Contractors Limited. Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying beneficially owns 62.5% of the entire issued
               share capital of Profound Contractors Limited. Therefore, Ms. Tsui is deemed, or taken to be, interested in all our Shares held by
               Profound Contractors Limited for the purpose of the SFO. Ms. Tsui is the chairman, a non-executive Director and the chairperson of the
               Nomination Committee of the Company. Ms. Tsui is also a director of Profound Contractors Limited.


      2.       These 198,000,000 Share are held by Profound Contractors Limited. Mr. Benjamin Ng beneficially owns 25% of the entire issued share
               capital of Profound Contractors Limited. Therefore, Mr. Benjamin Ng is deemed, or taken to be, interested in all our Shares held by
               Profound Contractors Limited for the purpose of the SFO. Mr. Benjamin Ng is an executive Director and the chief executive officer of
               the Company. Mr. Benjamin Ng is also a director of Profound Contractors Limited.


      3.       These 198,000,000 Share are held by Profound Contractors Limited. Ms. May Ng beneficially owns 12.5% of the entire issued share
               capital of Profound Contractors Limited. Therefore, Ms. May Ng is deemed, or taken to be, interested in all our Shares held by Profound
               Contractors Limited for the purpose of the SFO. Ms. May Ng is an executive Director of the Company. Ms. May Ng is also a director of
               Profound Contractors Limited.




                                                                                       Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited                     15
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     (ii)     Long position in the ordinary shares of associated corporation

                                              Name of associated                                                      Number of       Percentage of
               Name of Director               corporation                            Capacity/Nature                 shares held       shareholding


               Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying             Profound Contractors Limited           Beneficial owner (Note)                 6,250             62.5%

               Mr. Benjamin Ng                Profound Contractors Limited           Beneficial owner (Note)                 2,500               25%

               Ms. May Ng                     Profound Contractors Limited           Beneficial owner (Note)                 1,250             12.5%

              Note:     Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying, Mr. Benjamin Ng and Ms. May Ng beneficially own 62.5%, 25% and 12.5% of the entire issue share capital of
                        Profound Contractors Limited, and they are deemed or taken to be interested in all the shares in Profound Contractors Limited for
                        the purpose of the SFO. Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying, Mr. Benjamin Ng and Ms. May Ng are the directors of Profound Contractors Limited.


     Substantial shareholders’ interests and short positions in Shares and underlying Shares
     As at 31 March 2018, so far as is known to the Directors, the following persons (not being a Director or chief
     executive of the Company) had interest or short position in Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be
     disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provision of Division 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or
     as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to the Section 336 of the SFO.

                                                                                                             Number of
                                                                                                           Shares held/              Percentage of
      Name of Shareholder                               Capacity/Nature of Interest                        Interested in              shareholding


      Profound Contractors Limited
        (Note 1)                                        Beneficial Interest                                 198,000,000                          75%

      Mr. Ng Wong Kwong (Note 2)                        Spouse Interest                                     198,000,000                          75%

      Ms. Tang Shuk Ngar Elli (Note 3)                  Spouse Interest                                     198,000,000                          75%

      Mr. Tsang Wai Kuen (Note 4)                       Spouse Interest                                     198,000,000                          75%

     Notes:


     1.       In view of the concert party arrangement among Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying, Mr. Benjamin Ng, Ms. May Ng and Profound Contractors Limited, details
              of which are set out in the section headed “History and Development — Concert Party Deed” in the Prospectus, Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying, Mr.
              Benjamin Ng and Ms. May Ng, who will, through Profound Contractors Limited, control an aggregate of 198,000,000 Shares, representing 75%
              of the issued share capital of the Company (taking no account of any Shares to be issued upon the exercise of any options which may be
              granted under the Share Option Scheme). Hence, Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying, Mr. Benjamin Ng, Ms. May Ng and Profound Contractors Limited are a
              group of Controlling Shareholders within the meaning of the Listing Rules.


     2.       Mr. Ng Wong Kwong is the spouse of Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying. Accordingly, Mr. Ng Wong Kwong is deemed, or taken to be interested in all
              198,000,000 Shares in which Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying is interested for the purpose of the SFO.


     3.       Ms. Tang Shuk Ngar Elli is the spouse of Mr. Benjamin Ng. Accordingly, Ms. Tang Shuk Ngar Elli is deemed, or taken to be interested in all
              198,000,000 Shares in which Mr. Benjamin Ng is interested for the purpose of the SFO.


     4.       Mr. Tsang Wai Kuen is the spouse of Ms. May Ng. Accordingly, Mr. Tsang Wai Kuen is deemed, or taken to be interested in all 198,000,000
              Shares in which Ms. May Ng is interested for the purpose of the SFO.




16          Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
DIRECTORS’ REPORT


ARRANGEMENTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed under the paragraph headed “Directors and chief executive’s interests in securities” above and
the paragraph headed “Share Option Scheme” below, at no time during the Review Period were rights to acquire
benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their
respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the
Company, its holdings company, or and any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, a party to any arrangement to
enable the Directors, or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights by means of
the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company of any other body corporate.

DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS,
ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
During the Period, there were no connected transactions or continuing connected transactions of the Company as
defined under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules which are required to comply with any of the reporting, annual
review, announcement or independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under the Listing Rules.

Save as disclosed in the section headed “Continuing Connected Transaction” in the Prospectus and save as
disclosed under the “Related Party Transactions” in Note 30 to the Financial Statements, there were no transaction,
arrangement or contract of significance, to which the Company, any of its subsidiaries, its parent company, or its
parent company’s subsidiaries was a party, and in which a Director of any entity connected with a Director had a
material interest, whether directly and indirectly, subsisted as at 31 March 2018 or any time during the Period, nor
was there any other transaction, arrangement or contract of significance in relation to the Group’s business between
the Company or any of the Company’s subsidiaries and a controlling shareholder or any of its subsidiaries.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
Pursuant to articles of association of the Company, every Directors shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the
assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of
the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto.

The Company has maintained appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and such permitted indemnity
provision for the benefit of the Directors currently in force.

MAJOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS
For the Period, the aggregate purchase attributable to the Group’s largest supplier and the five largest suppliers in
aggregate accounted for approximately 15.5% and 44.8% (2017: approximately 16.4% and 54.9%) respectively of
the Group’s total purchases for the Period. Revenue attributable to the Group’s largest customers and the five
largest customers in aggregate accounted for approximately 20.4% and 64.5% (2017: approximately 21.6% and
68.9%) respectively of the Group’s total revenue for the Period.

To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, none of the Directors, their associates or any shareholders (which, to the
best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the number of issued shares capital of the Company) had
an interest in the Group’s five largest suppliers or customers.

KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND OTHERS
Employees
The Group recognizes employees as its valuable assets. The Group provides competitive remuneration package to
attract, motivate and retain appropriate and suitable personnel to serve the Group. The Group has also adopted an
annual review system to assess the performance of its staff, which forms the basis of the Group’s decisions with
respect to salary raises and promotions.




                                                                    Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited        17
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Customers
     A majority of the Group’s five largest customers have long-standing business relationship with the Group for a period
     ranging from approximately 1 to 10 years and the Group will therefore endeavor to accommodate their demand for
     the Group’s services to the extent its resources allow in order to capture more opportunities for larger scale projects
     in the future. The Group’s experience as a quality contractor in handling foundation works and superstructure building
     works also give business advantage to the Group’s customers to ensure projects are executive in accordance with
     their quality standard.

     Suppliers and subcontractors
     The Group encompasses working relationships with suppliers and subcontractors to meet the Group’s customers’
     needs in an effective and efficient manner. The Group has set up an approved list of suppliers and it selects the
     suppliers from the list based on the quality of materials, timeliness of delivery, previous experience and length of
     partnership with the suppliers, competitiveness of the price offered and reputation of the suppliers.

     Subject to the Group’s capacity, resources level, types of construction works, costs effectiveness and complexity of
     the projects, the Group may subcontract certain works to other subcontractors. The Group maintains an internal list
     of approved subcontractors and carefully evaluate the performance of its subcontractors and selects them based on
     the experience, quality of works, timeliness of completion for past projects, reputation in the industry, past
     performances, costs and the Group’s relationship with them.

     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES
     The Group’s operations at work sites are subject to certain environmental requirements pursuant to the laws of Hong
     Kong. The laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group include, among others, Air Pollution
     Control Ordinance (Chapter 311 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Air Pollution Control (Non-road Mobile Machinery)
     (Emission) Regulation (Chapter 311Z of the Laws of Hong Kong), Noise Control Ordinance (Chapter 400 of the Laws
     of Hong Kong), Water Pollution Control Ordinance (Chapter 358 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Waste Disposal
     Ordinance (Chapter 354 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Waste Disposal (Charges for Disposal of Construction Waste)
     Regulation.

     In order to comply with the applicable environmental protection laws, we had implemented an environmental
     management system which was certified to be in compliance with the standard required under ISO 14001 since
     November 2010. Apart from following the environmental protection policies formulated and required by our
     customers, we have also established our environmental management policy to ensure proper management of
     environmental protection and compliance of environmental laws and regulations by both our employees and workers
     of the subcontractors on, among others, air pollution, noise control and waste disposal. During the Period, we did not
     incur any material costs on environmental compliance.

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on the information that was publicly available and with the knowledge of the Directors as at the date of this
     annual report, the Company has maintained the prescribed minimum public float under the Listing Rules since the
     Listing Date to up to the date of this annual report.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     Save that the Shares have been listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange since the Listing Date, no purchase,
     sale or redemption of the Company’s listed securities was made by the Company or any of its subsidiaries from the
     Listing Date to up to the date of this annual report.




18       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
DIRECTORS’ REPORT


NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING
In order to avoid any possible competition between our Group and our Controlling Shareholders, namely each of
Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying, Mr. Benjamin Ng, Ms. May Ng and Profound Contractors Limited, entered into a deed of non-
competition with our Company (for itself and as trustee for subsidiaries of our Group) on 13 March 2018. Pursuant to
the deed of non-competition, each of our Controlling Shareholders has irrevocably and unconditionally undertaken to
our Company (for itself and as trustee for its subsidiaries) that, as long as the deed on non-competition remains
effective, he/she/it shall not, and shall procure his/her or its close associates (other than any member of our Group)
not to develop, acquire, invest in, participate in, carry on or be engaged, concerned or interested or otherwise be
involved, whether on its own account or with each other or in conjunction with or on behalf of any person or
company or otherwise, the development, participation, management and operation of any existing business which in
competition with or likely to be in competition, whether directly or directly, with the existing business activity of any
member of our Group or such other business activity our Group may engage from time to time in future.

The Controlling Shareholders have confirmed to the Company of their compliance with the deed of non-competition
dated 13 March 2018 for disclosure in this annual report from 13 March 2018 to up to the date of this annual report.

All the independent non-executive Directors are delegated with the authority to review the deed of non-competition
given by the controlling shareholders. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the status of the
compliance by each of the Controlling Shareholders with the undertakings in the deed of non-competition and
evaluated the effectiveness of the implementation of the deed of non-competition. They were satisfied that, as far as
they can ascertain, there is no breach by any of the Controlling Shareholders of the undertakings in the deed of non-
competition given by them and there have not been any changes in the terms of the deed of non-competition from
13 March 2018 to up to the date of this annual report.

As of the date of this annual report, the Company confirms that each of the Controlling Shareholders has complied
with the deed of non-competition from 13 March 2018 to up to the date of this annual report and is not aware of any
other matters regarding the compliance of the undertakings in the deed of non-competition.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
None of the Controlling Shareholders, Directors or their respective close associates is or was interested in any
business apart from the Group’s business that competes or competed or is or was likely to compete, either directly
or indirectly, within the Group’s business at any time since the Listing Date and up to the date of this annual report.

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATED
COMPANIES
Apart from the Reorganization in relation to the Listing, during the Period, the Group did not have any material
acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries or associated companies.

SHARE OPTION SCHEME
Pursuant to the written resolutions of the sole shareholder of the Company on 13 March 2018, the Company adopted
a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) with effect from 13 March 2018. The terms of the Share
Option Scheme are in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules and are summarized in the
Prospectus. The main purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to motivate employees to optimize their performance
efficiency for the benefit of the Company, to attract and retain high quality staff, to provide additional incentive to
employees (full time or part time), directors, consultants or advisors, distributors, contractors, suppliers, agents,
customers, business partners or service providers of the Group and to promote success of the business of the
Group.




                                                                      Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited         19
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     The total number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme is not
     permitted to exceed 10% of the Shares in issue at any point in time, without prior approval from the Shareholders.
     The number of Shares issued and to be issued in respect of which option granted and may be granted to any
     individual in any one year is not permitted to exceed 1% of the Shares in issue at any point in time, without prior
     approval from the Shareholders. Options granted to substantial shareholders or independent non-executive Directors
     or any of their respective close associates (including a discretionary trust whose discretionary objects include
     substantial shareholders, independent non-executive Directors, or any of their respective close associates) in any
     12-month period in excess of 0.1% of the Company’s share capital or with a value in excess of HK$5 million must be
     approved in advance by the Shareholders.

     Options granted must be taken up within seven days inclusive of the day on which such offer was made, upon
     payment of HK$1 per option. Options may be exercised at any time during a period as the Directors may determine
     which shall not exceed ten years from the date of grant. The exercise price is determined by the Directors, and will
     be at least the higher of (i) the closing price of the Shares on the date of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the
     Shares for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant; and (iii) the nominal value of the Shares.

     The Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of ten years commencing on the date of the adoption (i.e.
     13 March 2018) and shall expire at the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the tenth
     anniversary thereof unless otherwise terminated earlier by the Shareholders in general meeting.

     No share options had been granted under the Share Option Scheme since the adoption of the Scheme. During the
     period between 13 March 2018 and the date of annual report, no share option has been granted, exercised, cancelled
     or lapsed. As at the date of this annual report, the total number of shares available for issue under the Share Option
     Scheme was 26,400,000, representing 10% of the entire issued share capital of the Company. Details of the Share
     Option Scheme are set out in note 23 to the Financial Statement.

     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Save as disclosed in this annual report relating to the Share Option Scheme, no equity-linked agreements were
     entered into for the Period.

     FINANCE LEASE LIABILITIES
     Details of finance lease liabilities of the Group as at 31 March 2018 are set out in note 24 to the Financial
     Statements.

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the memorandum and articles of association of the Company and
     there was no restriction against such rights under the laws of Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to
     offer new Share on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.

     REMUNERATIONS OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
     Details of the Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid individuals are set out in the note 8 to the Financial
     Statements.

     The emoluments of the Directors and senior management of the Group are determined by the Remuneration
     Committee of the Company with reference to their relevant qualifications, experience, competence and the
     prevailing market conditions. None of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the Period.




20       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
DIRECTORS’ REPORT


EMOLUMENT POLICY
Remuneration Committee is set up for reviewing the Group’s emolument policy and structure for all remuneration of
the Directors and senior management of the Group, having regard to the Group’s operating results, individual
performance of the Directors and senior management and comparable market practices.

The Company has adopted share option schemes as incentive to eligible employees, details of the schemes are set
out in the paragraph headed “Share Option Scheme” above.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company is committed to maintaining the highest standard of corporate practices. Information on the corporate
governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the section headed “Corporate Governance Report” on
pages 22 to 32 of this annual report.

AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee had reviewed, together with the management and external auditor, the accounting principles
and policies adopted by the Group and the audited Financial Statements for the Period.

AUDITORS
HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited has acted as the auditors of the Group for the Period. The Financial Statements
have been audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, who shall retire in the forthcoming AGM and, being
eligible, will offer itself for re-appointment. A resolution for their re-appointment as auditors for the coming year will
be proposed at the forthcoming AGM. There is no change in auditors since the Listing Date.




By order of the Board

TSUI Kwok Ying
Chairman and Non-Executive Director

Hong Kong, 29 June 2018




                                                                       Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited         21
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Board is committed to high standard of corporate governance with a view to safeguarding the interests of the
     Shareholders and achieving accountability as the Group recognises the importance of maximising shareholders’ value
     through effective corporate governance procedures.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
     The Company has applied the principles of and complied with the applicable code provisions (the “Code Provisions”)
     as set out under the Corporate Governance (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. The
     Directors will periodically review on the Company’s corporate governance policies and will propose any amendment,
     if necessary, to ensure compliance with the Code Provisions from time to time. During the period from the Listing
     Date up to the date of this annual report, the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions of the
     CG Code.



     COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY
     DIRECTORS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Companies (the “Model
     Code”) contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as a code of conduct of the Company for Directors’ securities
     transactions. In response to specific enquires by the Company, all Directors have confirmed that they have fully
     complied with the requirements set out in the Model code during the period from the Listing Date to up to the date
     of this annual report.

     The senior management and staff have been individually notified and advised about the Model Code by the
     Company.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
     It is the responsibility of the Board to determine the appropriate corporate governance practices applicable to the
     Company’s circumstances and to ensure processes and procedures are in place to achieve the Company’s corporate
     governance objectives.

     The duties of the Board in performing its corporate governance functions under the CG Code include:

     1.    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make
           recommendations;

     2.    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
           management of the Company;

     3.    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
           requirements;

     4.    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees and
           Directors of the Company; and

     5.    to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

     The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance functions set out in code provision D.3.1 of the
     CG Code. As at the date of this annual report, the Board has reviewed and monitored (a) the Company’s corporate
     governance policies and practices; (b) training and continuous professional development of Directors; (c) the
     Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (d) the Company’s code of
     conduct and (e) the Company’s compliance with the CG Code disclosure requirements.




22        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on the liabilities of the Directors in respect of any legal
actions taken against the Directors arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage will be reviewed on
annual basis.

Directors’ Training and Professional Development
Every newly appointed Director shall receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first occasion of
his/her appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full
awareness of directors’ responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and the relevant statutory
requirements.

In compliance with Code Provision A.6.5 of the CG Code, the Company has allocated and provided funding to all
Directors to participate in continuous professional development organized in the form of seminars and in house
training and/or to provide relevant reading materials on the latest development of applicable laws, the Listing Rules
and corporate governance practices. The Company will also update the Directors of any material changes in the
Listing Rules and corporate governance practices from time to time.

During the Period, the Company organized Directors’ training session (which was attended by all the Directors)
delivered by legal professional as well as provided materials for all Directors. The training attended by the Directors
during the Period is summarised as follows:

                                                                                            Attending in-house
                                                                     Reading materials      training relevant to
                                                                  regarding regulatory the Company’s business,
                                                                 update and corporate Listing Rules compliance
 Name of Director                                                  governance matters     and risk management


 Executive Directors
 Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin (Chief Executive Officer)                                    ✓                              ✓
 Ms. Ng Chung Yan May                                                                 ✓                              ✓

 Non-executive Director
 Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (Chairman)                                                        ✓                              ✓

 Independent non-executive Directors
 Mr. Yau Chung Hang                                                                   ✓                              ✓
 Mr. Pong Kam Keung                                                                   ✓                              ✓
 Mr. Lo Ki Chiu                                                                       ✓                              ✓

THE BOARD
Role and function
The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, oversees the Group’s strategic decisions and
monitors business and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day
management and operations of the Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects of
the Company’s affairs, the Board has established three Board committees, including the audit committee (the “Audit
Committee”), the nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) and the remuneration committee (the
“Remuneration Committee”) (together, the “Board Committees”). The Board has delegated to the Board
Committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of references. Further details of the Board
Committees are set out in the sections headed “Audit Committee”, “Nomination Committee” and “Remuneration
Committee” below.




                                                                     Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited        23
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Composition
     As at the date of this annual report, the Board is chaired by Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying and currently comprises six
     members, comprising two executive Directors, one non-executive Director and three independent non-executive
     Directors. The list of Directors is set out in the section headed “Directors’ Report” on page 14 of this annual report.

     There is a balance of skills and experience for the Board, which is appropriate for the requirements of the business of
     the Company. Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographies of the Directors
     and Senior Management” on pages 7 to 11 of this annual report. Save for (i) Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying is the mother of Mr.
     Benjamin Ng and Ms. May Ng; (ii) Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying is the spouse of Mr. Ng Wong Kwong, a member of our
     senior management; (iii) Mr. Benjamin Ng and Ms. May Ng are the son and daughter of Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying and Mr.
     Ng Wong Kwong, the Directors have no financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationship with each
     other.

     Board Diversity Policy
     The Board has adopted a board diversity policy (“the Board Diversity Policy”) since the Listing Date, with a view to
     achieve a sustainable and balanced development of the Group. In designing the Board’s composition, board diversity
     has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, culture and educational
     background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will
     be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the
     benefits of diversity on the Board. The diversity policy is reviewed annually by the nomination committee of the
     Company to ensure effectiveness and revisions will be made with the approval from the Board when considered
     appropriate.

     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     In order to ensure a balance of power and authority, the position of the chairman and chief executive officer of the
     Company are held by different individuals. Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying is the chairman and Mr. Benjamin Ng is the chief
     executive officer. The primary role of the chairman is to provide strategic advice and guidance on the business and
     operation of the Group. The chief executive officer is responsible for the overall business development, project
     planning, budgeting, contract administration, overseeing execution of projects and managing quality management
     system of the Group. The chairman of the Board ensures that all Directors are properly briefed on issues arising at
     the Board meetings and receive adequate, complete and reliable information in a timely manner.

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Since the Listing Date and up to the date of this report, the Company has three independent non-executive Directors
     representing more than one-third of the Board, which is in compliance with the rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) for the
     Listing Rules. All of the three independent non-executive Directors have appropriate professional qualifications or
     accounting or related financial management expertise. No less than one third of the Directors are subject to
     retirement by rotation at each annual general meeting in accordance with the amended and restated memorandum
     and articles of association of the Company (the “Restated Articles”).

     The independent non-executive Directors are considered by the Board to be independent of the management and
     free of any relationship that could materially interfere with the exercise of their independent judgments. The Board
     considered that each of the independent non-executive Directors brings his own relevant expertise to the Board and
     its deliberations. None of the independent non-executive Directors has any business or financial interests with the
     Group nor has any relationship with other Directors.




24       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Company has received written annual confirmation from each independent non-executive Director of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all independent non-executive
Directors to be independent in accordance with the independence guidelines as set out in the Listing Rules.

All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business
experience knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. Independent non-
executive Directors are invited to serve on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination
Committee.

Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors
The Company has established the Nomination Committee on 13 March 2018. The Nomination Committee has from
time to time identified individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and make recommendations to the
Board. The main consideration in selecting candidates for directorships is whether their characters, qualifications and
experiences are appropriate for the businesses of the Group.

Each of the executive, non-executive and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a contract for
appointment with the Company for a term of two years from the Listing Date and is subject to termination provisions
therein and provisions on retirement by rotation of Directors as set out in the Restated Articles.

According to the Restated Articles, any Director so appointed by the Board shall hold office, in the case of filling a
casual vacancy, only until the next following general meeting of the Company or, in the case of an addition to their
number, until the next following annual general meeting of the Company who shall then be eligible for re-election at
such general meeting. Every Director is appointed for a specific term and is subject to retirement by rotation at least
once every three years.

In accordance with article 108(a) of the Restated Articles of the Company, at each annual general meeting, at least
one third of the Directors for the time being, or, if the number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number
nearest to but not less than one third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those
appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring
Director shall be eligible for re-election.

Board Meetings
The Board meets regularly to discuss and formulate the overall strategy as well as operation and financial
performance of the Group. The company secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”) assists the chairman
in drawing the agenda of each meeting and each Director may request inclusion of matters in the agenda. All
Directors have access to the Company Secretary who is responsible for ensuring that Board procedures are complied
with and all applicable rules and regulations are followed.




                                                                       Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited         25
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Pursuant to Code Provision A.1.1 of the CG Code, the Board should meet regularly and regular board meetings
     should be held at least four times per year. Additional meetings would be arranged if and when required. Directors
     may participate either in person or through electronic means of communications. During the period from the Listing
     Date to the date of this annual report, the Board held one Board meeting and no general meeting were held. The
     attendance record of each member of the Board of the Board meeting is set our below:

                                                                       Meetings attended/           Meetings attended/
                                                                        number of general             number of Board
      Name of Director                                                 meetings attended                     meetings


      Executive Directors
      Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin (Chief Executive Officer)                                    –                          1/1
      Ms. Ng Chung Yan May                                                                 –                          1/1

      Non-executive Director
      Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (Chairman)                                                        –                          1/1

      Independent non-executive Directors
      Mr. Yau Chung Hang                                                                   –                          1/1
      Mr. Pong Kam Keung                                                                   –                          1/1
      Mr. Lo Ki Chiu                                                                       –                          1/1

     Access to information
     The Directors may seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses.
     The Company will, upon request, provide separate independent professional advice to Directors to assist the relevant
     Directors to discharge their duties to the Company.

     The Board is supplied with relevant information by the senior management pertaining to matters to be brought
     before the Board for decision as well as reports relating to operational and financial performance of the Group before
     each Board meeting. Where any Directors requires more information than is volunteered by the management, each
     Director has the right to separately and independent access to the Company’s senior management to make further
     enquiries if necessary.

     BOARD COMMITTEES
     In accordance with the Restated Articles and the Listing Rules, the Board has established Board Committees,
     namely, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee, for overseeing
     particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board Committees are established with defined terms of reference
     relating to their respective authorities and duties, which have been approved by the Board and are reviewed
     periodically. The terms of reference of the Board Committees are posted on the websites of the Company and the
     Stock Exchange, and are available to Shareholders upon request.

     Audit Committee
     The Company established the Audit Committee on 13 March 2018 in accordance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules
     with the written terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules.

     The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Yau Chung Hang, Mr. Pong
     Kam Keung and Mr. Lo Ki Chiu. Mr. Yau Chung Hang currently serves as the Chairperson of the Audit Committee.




26       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee include: (i) to make recommendations to our Board on the
appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditors; (ii) to review and monitor the external auditors’
independence and objectivity; (iii) to review the effectiveness of the Company’s internal audit activities, internal
controls and risk management systems, (iv) to develop and implement policy on engaging external auditor to supply
non-audit services, and to review and monitor the extent of the non-audit works undertaken by external auditors; and
(v) to monitor the integrity of the financial statements and the annual report and accounts and half-year report and to
review significant financial reporting judgments contained in them.

The Audit Committee has explicit authority to investigate any activity within its terms of reference and the authority
to obtain outside legal or other independent professional advice if it considers necessary. It is given access to and
assistance from the employees and reasonable resources to discharge its duties properly.

During the Review Period, the Audit Committee has not held any meetings. Subsequent to the Review Period and
up to the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee has held one meeting to review the annual financial results
of the Group for submission to the Board for approval, review the internal control and risk management systems of
the Group, oversee the audit process and make recommendation on the re-appointment of the external auditors.
During the Review Period and up to the date of this annual report, there had been no disagreement between the
Board and the Audit Committee.

The attendance record of each member of the Audit Committee from the Listing Date to the date of this annual
report is set our below:

                                                                                                    Meeting attended/
 Audit Committee                                                                                     Eligible to attend


 Mr. Yau Chung Hang (Chairperson)                                                                                     1/1
 Mr. Pong Kam Keung                                                                                                   1/1
 Mr. Lo Ki Chiu                                                                                                       1/1

Nomination Committee
The Company established the Nomination Committee on 13 March 2018 with written terms of reference in
compliance with the CG code. The Nomination Committee consists of three members, namely Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying,
Mr. Yau Chung Hang and Mr. Lo Ki Chiu. Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying currently serves as the Chairperson of the Nomination
Committee.

The primary responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include: (i) to review the structure, size, composition and
diversity of our Board on a regular basis; (ii) to identify individual suitably qualified to become Board members; (iii) to
assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors; (iv) to make recommendations to our Board on
relevant matters relating to the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for directors;
and (v) to make recommendations to our Board regarding candidates to fill vacancies on our Board and/or senior
management.

No meeting of Nomination Committee was held during the Review Period. However, subsequent to the Review
Period and up to the date of this annual report, one meeting of the Nomination Committee was held to review the
structure, size and composition (including the skill, knowledge and experience) of the Board, the board diversity
policy, assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors and make recommendations to the
Board on the proposal of re-appointment of Directors at the forthcoming AGM.




                                                                       Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited          27
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The attendance record of each member of the Nomination Committee from the Listing Date to the date of this
     annual report is set our below:

                                                                                                     Meeting attended/
      Nomination Committee                                                                            Eligible to attend


      Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (Chairperson)                                                                                1/1
      Mr. Yau Chung Hang                                                                                              1/1
      Mr. Lo Ki Chiu                                                                                                  1/1

     Remuneration Committee
     The Company established the Remuneration Committee on 13 March 2018 in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the
     Listing Rules with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code. The Remuneration Committee
     consists of three members, namely Mr. Pong Kam Keung, Mr. Yau Chung Hang and Mr. Benjamin Ng. Mr. Pong Kam
     Keung currently serves as the Chairperson of the Remuneration Committee.

     The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include: (i) to review and make recommendations to our Board
     on the overall remuneration policy and structure relating to all Directors and senior management of the Group; (ii) to
     make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration of independent non-executive Directors; (iii) to review and
     make recommendations to our Board on other remuneration-related matters, including benefits-in-kinds and their
     compensation payable to our Directors and senior management; (iv) to review performance based remunerations and
     to establish a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy in relation to remuneration; and (v) to consider
     salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and employment conditions
     elsewhere in the Company and its subsidiaries.

     The remuneration of the Directors and senior management is determined with reference to the responsibilities,
     workload, the time devoted and the performance of the Group. The Remuneration Committee also ensures that no
     individual will be involved in determining his/her own remuneration.

     During the Period, the remuneration of senior management is listed as below by band:

      Band of remuneration (HK$)                                                                          No. of person


      Nil–HK$1,000,000                                                                                                  3
      HK$2,500,001–HK$3,000,000                                                                                         1

     Further details of the remuneration of the Directors and the 5 highest paid employees is set out in note 8 to the
     Financial Statements.

     No meeting of Remuneration Committee was held during the Review Period. Subsequent to the Review Period and
     up to the date of this annual report, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting for reviewing the performance
     and remuneration packages of individual Directors and senior management.




28       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The attendance record of each member of the Remuneration Committee from the Listing Date to the date of this
annual report is set out below:

                                                                                                Meeting attended/
 Remuneration Committee                                                                          Eligible to attend


 Mr. Pong Kam Keung (Chairperson)                                                                                1/1
 Mr. Yau Chung Hang                                                                                              1/1
 Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin                                                                                         1/1

AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
The Audit Committee of our Company is responsible for considering the appointment and re-election of our
Company’s external auditor and reviewing any non-audit functions performed by the external auditor, including
whether such non-audit functions could lead to any potential material adverse effect to our Company.

For the Period, the remunerations paid/payable to the external auditors, HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited in
respect of its audit services and non-audit services for acting as the reporting accountant of the Company in relation
to the Listing were approximately HK$770,000 and HK$2,250,000 respectively.

COMPANY SECRETARY
The Company has appointed Mr. Poon Tak Wah as the company secretary. Mr. Poon has confirmed that for the
Period, he has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the
Listing Rules. The biography of Mr. Poon is set out in the section headed “Biographies of the Directors and Senior
Management” in this annual report.

DIRECTORS’ AND AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge and understand their responsibility for preparing the Financial Statements of the Group
and to ensure the Financial Statements are prepared in a manner which give a true and fair view of the state of
affairs of the Group as a going concern and are in compliance with the relevant accounting standards and principals,
applicable laws and disclosure provisions required of the Listing Rules. In presenting the Financial Statements,
announcements and other financial disclosures required under the Listing Rules, our Directors aim to present a
balanced, clear and understandable assessment of the position and prospects of the Group. Our Directors are of the
view that the financial statements of the Group for the Period has been prepared on this basis. Our Directors were
not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.

The statement by the auditors of the Group regarding their reporting responsibilities on the Financial Statements of
the Group is set out in the section headed “Independent Auditors’ Report” on pages 42 to 43 of this annual report.




                                                                    Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited        29
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the Company’s risk management and internal control systems, and for
     reviewing its effectiveness. The Board oversees the Group’s overall risk management and internal control systems
     on an ongoing basis. At the same time, the Group endeavors to identify risks, control impact of the identified risk and
     facilitate implementation of coordinated mitigating measures. The risk management and internal control systems
     which are compatible with the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of Treadway Commission (COSO) —
     Integrated Framework 2013 principles. They are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failures in order
     to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material
     misstatement or loss.

     The Group has established a risk management policy which sets out the process of identification, evaluation and
     management of the principal risk affecting the business. Each division is responsible for identifying and assessing
     principal risks within its divisions and establishing mitigation plans to manage the risks identified. The senior
     management is responsible for overseeing the Group’s risk management and internal control activities, attending
     meetings with each division to ensure principal risk are properly managed, and new or changing risks are identified
     and documented. The Board is responsible for reviewing and approving the effectiveness and adequacy of the
     Group’s risk management and internal controls systems.

     The Group does not have an internal audit department. The Group has conducted an annual review on whether there
     is a need for such an internal audit department is required. Given the Group’s relatively simple corporate and
     operation structure, as opposed to diverting resources to establish a separate internal audit department, the Board,
     as supported by the Audit Committee, is directly responsible for risk management and internal control systems of
     the Group and for reviewing its effectiveness. The Board has put in place adequate measures to perform the internal
     audit function at different aspects of the Group. The Group has engaged an external consultant, CT Partners
     Consultants Limited, for internal control to conduct review on the internal control system of our Group during the
     Period. The review covers the effectiveness and efficiency of the Group’s risk management and internal control
     systems in relation to the financial, operational and compliance controls, and the results were summarised and
     discussed with the Audit Committee and the Board. The Audit Committee and the Board are satisfied with the
     effectiveness and adequacy of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group.

     INSIDE INFORMATION POLICY
     The Group has adopted a policy on disclosure of insider information with the aim to ensure the insiders are abiding
     by the confidentiality requirement and are fulfilling the disclosure obligation of the inside information.

     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders and potential investors is essential for
     enhancing investor relations and understanding of the Group’s business, performance and strategies. The Company
     has adopted the shareholders’ communication policy with the objective of ensuring that the shareholders and
     potential investors are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and understandable information
     about the Company (including the financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material development,
     governance and risk profile). The Company also recognizes the importance of timely and non-selective disclosure of
     information, which will enable shareholders and potential investors to make the informed investment decisions.

     To promote effective communication, the Company maintains the website of www.wangyang.com.hk, where up-to-
     date information on the Company’s business operations and developments, financial information, corporate
     governance practices and other information are available for public access. Latest information of the Group including
     annual and interim reports, announcements and other corporate communications which will be sent to Shareholders
     and/or published are updated on the websites of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnew.hk) and the Company’s
     website in a timely fashion.




30       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The forthcoming AGM of the Company will be held on Thursday, 23 August 2018. The notice of the AGM, setting
out details of each proposed resolutions, voting procedures and other relevant information, will be sent to
shareholders at least 21 days before the AGM.

SHAREHOLDERS RIGHTS
Procedures for Convening General Meeting by Shareholders
The general meeting of our Company provides an opportunity for communication between the Shareholders and the
Board. At any general meeting, a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided by poll save that the
chairman of the meeting may, pursuant to the Listing Rules, allow a resolution be voted by a show of hands, in
accordance with Article 72 of the Restated Articles of the Company. The chairman will explain such rights and
procedures during the AGM before voting on the resolutions.

Pursuant to Article 64 of the Restated Articles, Shareholders can make a requisition to convene an extraordinary
general meeting (“EGM”). The procedure of the Shareholders to convene an EGM are as follows:

1.   any one or more shareholders (the “Requisitionist”) holding, at the date of deposit of requisition, not less than
     one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings shall have the
     right, by written requisition to the Board or the company secretary, to require an EGM to be called by the Board
     for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition.

2.   such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such
     deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisition(s) himself (themselves) may do so
     in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the Requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of
     the Board shall be reimbursed to the Requisitionist(s) by the Company.

Procedure for Putting Forward Proposals at Shareholders’ Meeting
Shareholders are requested to follow Article 64 of the Restated Articles for including a resolution at an EGM. The
requirements and procedures are set out above in the paragraph headed “Procedures for convening general
meetings by Shareholders”.

Shareholders are welcomed to suggest proposals relating to the operations, strategy and/or management of our
Group at shareholders’ meeting. Proposals shall be sent to the Board or the company secretary by written requisition
of his/her proposal (the “Proposal”) together with his/her detailed contact information to the Company Secretary at
the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong as set out in the section headed “Corporation information”
of this annual report in the manner set out above.

The request will be verified with our Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong and upon their confirmation that
the request is proper and in order, the Board will be asked to include the Proposal in the agenda for the general
meeting.

The notice period to be given to all the Shareholders for consideration of the Proposal raised by the Shareholder
concerned at the general meeting varies according to the nature of the Proposal as follows:

—    at least 21 days’ notice in writing if the Proposal requires approval by way of a special resolution of the
     Company in an EGM or resolution of the Company in an AGM.

—    at least 14 days’ notice in writing if the Proposal requires approval in any other EGM.




                                                                     Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited       31
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board
     For matters in relation to the Board, shareholders may send their enquiries and concerns to the Board by addressing
     them to the Company Secretary by mail to the principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong set out in
     the section headed “Corporation information” of this annual report or by fax to (852) 2542-4980.

     For share registration related matters, such as share transfers and registrations, change of name or address, loss of
     share certificates or dividends warrants, the registered Shareholder can contact:

     Branch Share Registrar and Transfer Office in Hong Kong
     Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
     2103B, 21st Floor
     148 Electric Road
     North Point
     Hong Kong
     Tel: (852) 2153-1688
     Fax: (852) 3020-5058

     SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
     On 13 March 2018, the Company adopted the Restated Articles of the Company for the purpose of the Listing, a
     copy of which has been posted on the websites of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company
     (www.wangyang.com.hk). Save for the adoption of the Restated Articles for the purpose of Listing, there had been
     no significant changes in the constitutional documents of the Company during the Review Period.




32       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


INTRODUCTION
With over 20 years of experience of providing foundation works and superstructure building works services in Hong
Kong, the Company has become more competitive in the market of the construction industry. The Group is
registered as a general building contractor and also a specialist contractor in the categories of foundation works, site
formation works and demolition works with the Buildings Department. Our services include undertaking (i) foundation
works which include piling works, ELS works and pile cap construction; (ii) superstructure building works which
include building works in relation to the parts of the structure above the ground level; and (iii) other construction
works such as demolition works, site formation works, ground investigation works, minor works, hoarding works,
A&A works and fitting-out works.

This report is prepared with reference to the “Environmental, Social and Governance (“the ESG”) Reporting Guide”
under Appendix 27 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
(“SEHK”).

In our operational construction segment, there is no doubt that environmental damages are unavoidable. However,
the Group has made its best effort in minimising the risks and impacts caused to the public and the environment.
The Group commits to integrating corporate social and environmental commitments into various aspects of our
business. For achieving sustainable development, the Group also promotes environmental protection, makes positive
contribution and creates long-term value to the communities. During the Period, the Group is committed to improving
standard of corporate social responsibility and strictly complied with the requirements of relevant laws and
regulations on ESG reporting. The information in the report reflects our progress and performance on ESG issues for
the Period.

I.   ENVIRONMENTAL
     I.1 Emissions
         Greenhouse gas emissions have a serious effect on climate change and global warming. In response to
         environmental protection initiatives around the world, we have established policies and reduction
         measures to minimise greenhouse gas emissions and non-hazardous waste generation.

           Due to our business nature, we certainly generate multiple sources of emission in our business
           operations. Hence, the Group has implemented measures to minimise any adverse impact on the
           environment resulting from our business activities. The Group has also strictly complied with the relevant
           laws and regulations of emissions of air pollutants, noxious odour as well as discharges into water and
           land, and generation of non-hazardous waste from our construction activities, such as the Air Pollution
           Control Ordinance (Cap. 311 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Waste Disposal Ordinance (Cap. 354), Noise
           Control Ordinance (Cap. 400) and other relevant environmental legislations. During the Period, no any
           record of violation has been found.

           In our policies and measures on environmental protection, we have encouraged our employees to comply
           with our environmental policy and meet the requirement of the relevant legislation and regulations. A best
           practice guideline concerning air pollution, water pollution, noise, and general and construction waste has
           been provided to our employees. Some of our eco-friendly actions may include but not limited to paper-
           less meetings, switching off lighting and appliances in offices after working hours or when the premises
           is not in use, to enhance employees’ awareness for reducing energy consumption and carbon emissions.

           During the Period, all our machinery use fuel with sulphur content not exceeding 0.005% during industrial
           processes in accordance with the Air Pollution Control Ordinance laid down by the Environmental
           Protection Department. We did not use any liquified petroleum gas or Towngas and therefore no relevant
           greenhouse gas emission to report. At the same time, we did not produce any hazardous waste from our
           operations.




                                                                     Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited         33
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


             The following presents our greenhouse gas emission for the Period:

             Greenhouse gas emissions from vehicles:


              Aspect 1.1                                                                                   Unit


              Nitrogen oxides                                                                   48.12      kg/km
              Sulphur oxides                                                                     0.25      kg/L
              Particulate matter                                                                 4.45      kg/km

             Greenhouse gas emissions from mobile combustion sources:


              Aspect 1.2                                                                                   Unit


              Scope 1
              Carbon dioxide                                                                    41.03      tonne
              Annual methane                                                                     0.05      tonne
              Nitrous oxide                                                                      3.73      tonne

              Indirect greenhouse gas emissions:

              Scope 2
              Carbon dioxide                                                                    40.92      tonne

              Scope 3
              Paper waste disposal at landfills                                 Co2              1.37      tonne
              Electricity purchased from China Light & Power                    Co2              1.51      tonne

       I.2   Usage of Resources
             Energy Saving
             We have established a series of measures to enhance the awareness of energy saving. For instance, we
             have informed our staff that the temperature of air-conditioning in head office and site offices to be set at
             an environmental-friendly level (around 24–26 degrees Celsius); LED lighting has been installed in the
             head office and site offices. All the lighting and air-conditioning must be switched off after office hour or
             when the premises is not in use. Notices are placed in appropriate area to remind the staff to switch off
             energy. In our sites, we informed our site supervisor to switch off idle plants and machinery to avoid
             energy wastage.


              Aspect 2.1                                                                                   Unit


              Electricity consumption                                                      64,945.96       kWh
              Per employee                                                                  1,510.37       kWh




34    Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


        Paper usage
        The Group has encouraged our staff to recycle used papers and use double sided printing to reduce paper
        usage. Any announcement or information is only posted once on notice boards and staff and workers are
        notified through digital devices.

        Water Management
        The Group encounters no issue in sourcing water that is fit for purpose. The Group also strives to
        minimise the water pollution with monitoring the water use on sites. We have encouraged our staff to
        increase the awareness of environmental protection and water pollution. Under the Water Pollution
        Control Ordinance (“WPCO”), Cap. 358, discharge of polluted waters into stormwater drains is not
        permitted. To comply with the ordinance, we conduct regular self-monitoring checks to ensure the
        processing of the effluent discharged is limited to the prescribed standard in accordance with the WPCO.
        Deploy wastewater treatment facilities have been set on sites for sewage system to meet the conditions
        of WPCO license prior to discharging into the water channel.


         Aspect 2.2                                                                                  Unit


         Water consumption                                                             1,512.36      m3
         Per employee                                                                     35.17      m3

        The total hazardous waste generated and handling are not material in our operations. The following
        presents our non-hazardous waste disposal for the Period:


         Waste disposal                                                                              Unit


         Non-hazardous waste                                                          13,094.10      tonne
         Non-hazardous waste per number of construction projects
           for the Period                                                                436.47      tonne

        As we do not generate significant packaging material waste in our operations. Hence, the relevant KPls is
        not applicable to the Group.

  I.3   The Environment
        The Group has obtained ISO 14001:2015 certified by Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency (“HKQAA”) in
        recognition of our effort in our environmental management systems. We have obtained the relevant
        environmental licensing and permit for our projects, such as the Effluent Discharge License under Water
        Pollution Control Ordinance, Registration of Chemical Waste Producer, Billing Account for Construction
        Waste Disposal, Notification pursuant to Air Pollution Control (Construction Dust) Regulation and
        Construction Noise Permit.

        In some of our projects, we have implemented “BEAM Plus”(“BEAM”). BEAM is intended to provide
        authoritative guidance to all stakeholders in the building construction and real estate sectors on practices
        which reduce the adverse environmental effects of buildings, whilst providing a quality-built environment.

        By implementing BEAM, we have improved hygiene and the quality of the indoor environment; promoted
        and encouraged energy efficient buildings, systems and equipment; reduced unsustainable consumption
        of increasingly scarce resources such as water and tropical timber; and improved waste management and
        encourage recycling and reuse of materials.




                                                                  Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited        35
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


                  Noise Control
                  Our construction works’ locations are close to public area, such as residential buildings and school, hence,
                  we have to minimise nuisance to the immediate neighbourhood caused by noise during the construction
                  of buildings and the infrastructure serving buildings and comply with Noise Control Ordinance (Cap.400)
                  and Environmental Impact Assessment Ordinance that the maximum of acceptable noise level is 75
                  decibels. Acoustic barriers have been used in place to minimise the impact of noise generated. In
                  addition, before the commencement of works, we communicate with those affected residents and public
                  and inform them about the construction timeline in order to obtain their understanding with our works
                  and suspend the works on the required period, such as school’s examination period.

                  Waste Disposal Management
                  The major environmental concern in Hong Kong is waste disposal. One of our generation of wastes is the
                  inert construction waste, such as concrete and cement. To comply with the standards of the Construction
                  Waste Disposal Charging Scheme in January 2005 from the Environmental Protection Department, we
                  have opened billing accounts for repaying the service charges when using any legitimate waste disposal
                  facilities for construction waste. If they are achieved to the specified level, we send the construction
                  wastes to the designated landfill.

                  In addition, we keep on developing any possible reuse and recycling scheme that could allow us to divert
                  construction waste from waste stream back into the construction cycle. In our waste management plan,
                  the key issue is to reduce the amount of waste generated from works sites. We have tried our best on
                  avoiding and minimising waste through careful planning and design works and minimising over ordering.
                  Our wastes have been collected on an on-going basis and sorting will be carried out as classification
                  including the separation of C&D materials into public fill, C&D waste for proper disposal, as well as the
                  sorting of C&D material by category to facilitate reuse/recycling/return.

                  Resources recycling
                  Where applicable, we adopt the use of recycled resources and materials in our site operations. We have
                  separated the non-inert C&D materials from the inert C&D materials on-site. Inert C&D materials, such as
                  concrete and brick, would be reused/recycled in the site area if applicable and the surplus inert C&D
                  wastes should be recycled through the local recycler. Recyclable materials (steel, plastic waste, cans etc.)
                  would be segregated from the non-inert C&D materials for collection by reputable licensed recyclers. The
                  remaining non-recyclable waste materials will be disposed of at designated landfill sites by a reputable
                  licensed waste collector.

     II.    SOCIAL
            II.1 Employment
                 There is no doubt that employees are the most valuable asset of the Group. The Group relies on our
                 dedicated workforce to help fulfilling our aim to become one of the most competitive players in the
                 construction industry. We highly appreciate the contributions of our workforce and are determined to
                 reward and maintain our talents through provision of attractive remuneration package, a safe and healthy
                 work environment and good individual development support. We are also dedicated to implement equal
                 opportunity employment practices.

                  Employees’ remunerations are based on their job nature, qualifications and experiences. We provided an
                  annual appraisal and reviewed their salaries and wage rates through our internal meeting. We strongly
                  encourage internal promotion and offer a variety of job opportunities to the existing staff if they are best
                  suited. We strive to maintain work-life balances by offering a Five and a Half-Day work week for office
                  staff and a Six-Day work week for site staff and encourage our employees to work in reasonable working
                  hours. Our remuneration package included basic salary, performances bonus and overtime allowances.
                  Our administration and human resources department and the management have kept a close eye on the
                  competitiveness of our remuneration level as compared to our competitors in the market.




36         Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


         We have adopted a comprehensive employee handbook for employees of our Group and review the
         policies from time to time to ensure that we comply with the Employment Ordinance in respect of
         employment protection and benefits. Our administration and human resources department would
         observe the departmental manual of the Labour Department to adhere to the legal and regulatory
         requirements throughout the recruitment process.

         As at 31 March 2018, we employed a total of 43 staff, including operational office and construction
         division. Due to our business nature, we employed a majority of male staff.

         The employee turnover rate is extremely high in the construction industry, especially for the daily worker.
         During the Period, there were 2 daily workers, who joined before 1 April 2017, left the Group. Save and
         except the 2 daily workers, there was no other employee left the Group during the Period. The employee
         turnover rate is 5%.

         During the Period, all construction sites and office of the Group were prohibited to hire illegal immigrants
         or worker and child or forced labour. We confirm that there is no violation of applicable laws and
         regulations on working hours, salary, benefits and other employment matters during the Period.

  II.2   Health and Safety
         In the construction industry, the occupational health and safety risk is extremely high. Hence, providing a
         safe, effective and congenial work environment to our staff is one of the most important objectives and
         concerns for our Group. We have established policies on occupational health and safety to protect our
         staff and perform regular inspection on the high-risk construction sites. Relevant laws and regulations in
         relation to health and safety, such as the Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance, Cap. 509, the
         Employees’ Compensation Ordinance, Cap. 282, and the Factories and Industrial Undertakings Ordinance,
         Cap. 59, are applicable to the business of the Group.

         To enhance the awareness of health and safety, we have composed a safety manual; and our workers,
         including internal staff and sub-contractor’s workers, have to attend the safety training,especially for
         entering into the site for the first time. We have also set up a health and safety management group to
         provide the highest standard of protection and prevention for all our staff against the unnecessary
         exposure to occupational hazards. All staff must be equipped with special safety equipment, like safety
         helmets, ear plugs, dust masks, goggles and safety shoes etc. Our Safety Officers on site carry out site
         inspection regularly and are responsible to oversee the site safety during the whole construction period.

         During the Period, we performed good control on our health and safety management. The Group has
         obtained OHSAS 18001:2007 certified by Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency (HKQAA) as a recognition
         of our compliance with occupational health and safety requirements. An external safety consultant has
         also been engaged to conduct random safety inspections for our construction projects and to provide
         periodic safety consultancy service, which includes trainings to our Directors and senior management,
         and risk assessment for specific high-risk activities or operations.

         During the Period, we are glad that no fatal injury cases occurred at our project sites. As at 31 March
         2018, we are not aware of any summons that was taken against the Group for any contravention of the
         Occupation Safety and Health Ordinance, the Employees’ Compensation Ordinance and the Factories and
         Industrial Undertakings Ordinance. Further, we have taken out insurance in compliance with the
         applicable laws and regulations in Hong Kong with a view to providing sufficient coverage for work-related
         accidents and injuries occurred to our employees and our subcontractors’ employees.




                                                                   Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited        37
     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


             II.3   Development and Training
                    Since the Group concerns the safety and health of our employees, we have established a series of
                    internal safety training programs to ensure all the employees have received a substantial level of training
                    for reducing the opportunity of accident. We make sure that all staff across every part of the business
                    have regular opportunities to learn and grow. In addition, we strongly support the nurturing of young
                    talents who are determined to develop their careers in the construction industry. All the employees must
                    attend the safety training before entering into construction sites.

                    We have encouraged our employees to develop their knowledge from external training providers. The
                    Director/senior management would approve the sponsorship to our employees for studying the relevant
                    courses of construction. During the Period, we have sponsored our employees to attend “Visual
                    Inspection on Welds” under ETS-Testconsult Limited, “Demolition of Building Course for Supervisors/
                    Foremen” and “Construction Safety Supervisor Course” under the Construction Industry Council.

     III.    OPERATIONS
             III.1 Supply Chain Management
                   The quality and services provided by suppliers and sub-contractors are important to our Group as they are
                   crucial in contributing to our success in the pursuit of quality excellence and in enhancing our reputation.
                   Hence, we have a good control on the suppliers’ and sub-contractors’ selection procedure by evaluating
                   different aspects of their performance, such as competitive pricing, meet specifications and standards,
                   product and service quality and business ethics. We have built up a good relationship and communication
                   with our suppliers and sub-contractors. Our senior management has performed performance review to
                   our existing suppliers and sub-contractors regularly for maintaining our works at a high standard level.
                   Suppliers and sub-contractors who with unsatisfied performance may subject to removal from our
                   approved list.

             III.2 Product Responsibility
                   Quality service is the key influential element of our business operation. We welcome our customers to
                   discuss with us if they have any queries and feedbacks. Customer complaints are thoroughly investigated
                   and root causes are identified and acted upon accordingly. Whistleblowing and complaint hotline have
                   been set up for our staff and customers to report any frauds or non-compliance issues. In the event of
                   any defect, project team is responsible to ensure rectification is taken in a timely manner. Investigation
                   report should also be prepared for review by the senior management. During the Period, the Group did
                   not receive any complaints and has provided a great quality management and has obtained ISO9001:2008
                   certified by Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency (“HKQAA”) as an identification of our success in
                   meeting customer expectations and delivering customer satisfaction.

                    Due to the business nature of ours, we do not provide services relating to advertising and labelling
                    matters. Hence, the relevant key performance indicators are not applicable to our Group.

                    To protect our confidential or special information of our customers, employees and financial data, we
                    have kept them in the properly area with lock. The information will not be disclosed without their or the
                    Group’s authorisation. Our senior management also signed a confidential agreement for protecting the
                    Company’s information.

                    As at 31 March 2018, the Group has not noted any non-compliance cases in relation to the Personal Data
                    (Privacy) Ordinance.




38          Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     III.3 Anti-Corruption
           The Group has strictly complied with anti-corruption policies and procurement practices as stated in our
           Staff Handbook and Internal Control Manual (“Manuals”) that outlines conflicts of interest, intellectual
           property rights, privacy and confidentiality of information, bribery and corruption and equal opportunities.
           Gift policy has been included in the Manuals and clearly described the processes and procedures required
           to process and accept gifts and offers. For instance, employees are prohibited from accepting or offering
           gifts or services from or to our customers.

           We have regularly updated our internal policies to cope with the regulations of the Independent
           Commission Against Corruption (“ICAC”) for increasing the awareness of the changing circumstances of
           corruption, money laundering and fraud. Our senior management has read “Training Package on Business
           Ethics” which is received from ICAC to enhance the awareness of the relevant guides and related ethical
           challenges. The Group also encourages employees to report any irregularities that a whistleblowing policy
           is in place to provide a confidential platform for employees to report issues observed from our employees.
           As at 31 March 2018, the Group did not find any non-compliance issues concerning corruption-related
           laws and regulations (such as the Hong Kong Prevention of Bribery Ordinance, the Theft Ordinance and
           the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing Ordinance) against the Group or its
           employees.

     III.4 Community Involvement
           We are making our best effort in contributing to the community. We actively seek opportunities to repay
           society and in hope of creating a better living environment for local community by participating in
           community services and charitable sponsorships. In response to “Greeneers Action”, we have
           participated in “Red Packet Recycling Scheme 2018”. We have set a recycle box in our office for
           collecting the red packet.

FUTURE APPROACH TOWARDS SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
In the future, the Group will continue to uphold its corporate social responsibility and enhance its relevant
performance. We will regularly review our corporate social responsibility policy to ensure that our relevant initiatives
and performances can address the needs of the Hong Kong society. In conducting our business, we will continue to
take into account the interest of all our stakeholders and engage them with a sustainable business model.




                                                                      Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited        39
     INDEPENDENT
     AUDITORS’ REPORT




     TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF WANG YANG HOLDINGS LIMITED
     (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

     OPINION
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Wang Yang Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its
     subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 44 to 91, which comprise the consolidated
     statement of financial position as at 31 March 2018, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for
     the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
     accounting policies.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
     the Group as at 31 March 2018, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
     year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
     disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     BASIS FOR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
     responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the
     Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
     HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
     responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
     the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters.




40       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
INDEPENDENT
AUDITORS’ REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

 Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Accounting for construction contract revenue, gross profit and related receivables and liabilities

 We identified the revenue and profit recognition of       •     Reviewing the contract sum and budgeted costs to
 contracting service and amounts due from customers              respective signed contracts and budgets prepared
 for contract work as a key audit matter due to                  by management.
 significant management judgements and estimation are
 required in the determination of the total outcome of     •     Understanding from management about how the
 the contracting service contracts as well as the                budgets were prepared and the respective stage of
 percentage of completion of contracting service.                completion were determined.

                                                           •     Reviewing the reasonableness of key judgements
                                                                 inherent in the budgets.

                                                           •     Obtaining the certificates issued by customers to
                                                                 evaluate the reasonableness of percentage of
                                                                 completion as at year end.

                                                           •     Assessing the reliability of the budgets by
                                                                 comparing the actual outcome against
                                                                 management’s estimation of completed contracts
                                                                 on a sample basis.

                                                           •     Checking the amounts due from customers for
                                                                 contract work by agreeing the amount of progress
                                                                 billings, on a sample basis, to billings issued to
                                                                 customers.

OTHER INFORMATION IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’ report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                    Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited       41
     INDEPENDENT
     AUDITORS’ REPORT

     RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
     FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
     true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
     Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
     preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
     error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
     basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
     realistic alternative but to do so.

     The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

     AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our
     opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
     towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
     assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material
     misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
     or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
     basis of these consolidated financial statements.

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
     skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
          fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
          sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
          resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
          intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
          appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
          Group’s internal control.

     •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
          related disclosures made by the directors.




42       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
INDEPENDENT
AUDITORS’ REPORT

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)
•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
      the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
      significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
      uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the
      consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
      are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or
      conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
      events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
      activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
      for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
      opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in
our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Kwok Kin Leung.




HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
Certified Public Accountants

Kwok Kin Leung
Practising Certificate Number: P05769

Hong Kong, 29 June 2018




                                                                        Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited          43
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
     AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




                                                                                                 2018        2017
                                                                                Note           HK$’000     HK$’000


     Revenue                                                                     5              215,692     184,363
     Direct costs                                                                              (165,019)   (135,106)


     Gross profit                                                                                50,673      49,257

     Other income and net gains                                                  5                 138             –

     Administrative and other operating expenses                                                (33,729)    (16,774)


     Operating profit                                                                            17,082      32,483
     Finance costs                                                               9                    –          (3)


     Profit before income tax                                                     6              17,082      32,480
     Income tax expense                                                          10              (6,354)      (5,524)


     Profit for the year                                                                         10,728      26,956


     Other comprehensive expense
     Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
     — Change in fair value of available-for-sale financial asset                                    (5)           –
     — Reclassification adjustment for gain included in the consolidated
        statement of profit or loss upon disposal of available-for-sale
       financial asset                                                                              (31)           –


     Other comprehensive expense for the year, net of tax                                           (36)           –


     Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to
       owners of the Company                                                                     10,692      26,956


                                                                                               HK Cents    HK Cents
     Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company
     — Basic and diluted earnings per share (HK cents)                           11                5.40       13.61

     Details of dividends are disclosed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.




     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statement.




44        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
FINANCIAL POSITION
As at 31 March 2018




                                                                            2018              2017
                                                          Note            HK$’000           HK$’000


ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                              14                1,575             2,368
Deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy           15                2,909                 –


                                                                             4,484             2,368


Current assets
Gross amounts due from customers for contract work         17              35,953            34,531
Trade and other receivables                                18              78,580            73,991
Available-for-sale financial asset                         20               2,971                 –
Tax recoverable                                                               464                 –
Cash and bank balances                                     21             103,079            27,557


                                                                          221,047           136,079


Total assets                                                              225,531           138,447


EQUITY
Capital and reserves
Share capital                                              22               2,640            11,010
Reserves                                                                  184,513            74,535


Total equity                                                              187,153            85,545




                                                     Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited     45
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 31 March 2018




                                                                                              2018            2017
                                                                             Note           HK$’000         HK$’000


     LIABILITIES
     Non-current liabilities
     Liabilities for long service payments                                    25                   562          589
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                 26                    15           88


                                                                                                   577          677


     Current liabilities
     Gross amounts due to customers for contract work                         17                     38       2,504
     Trade and other payables                                                 27                 35,766      31,719
     Loan from a related party                                                19                      –       1,600
     Dividend payable                                                                                 –      15,000
     Finance lease liabilities                                                24                      –          18
     Current income tax liabilities                                                               1,997       1,384


                                                                                                 37,801      52,225


     Total liabilities                                                                           38,378      52,902


     Total equity and liabilities                                                               225,531     138,447


     Net current assets                                                                         183,246      83,854


     Total assets less current liabilities                                                      187,730      86,222

     The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 29 June
     2018:




     Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin                                  Ms. Ng Chung Yan May
     Director                                                 Director




     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




46        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CHANGES IN EQUITY
For the year ended 31 March 2018




                                                                                  Investments
                                                                                   revaluation
                                                   Share       Share       Merger      reserve     Retained
                                                  capital   premium       reserve   movement       earnings       Total
                                                 HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                (Note 22)


Balance as at 1 April 2016                        11,010           –            –            –       62,579       73,589
Profit and total comprehensive income
  for the year                                         –           –            –            –       26,956       26,956
Dividends (Note 13)                                    –           –            –            –      (15,000)     (15,000)


Balance as at 31 March 2017                       11,010           –            –            –       74,535       85,545


Balance as at 1 April 2017                        11,010           –            –            –       74,535       85,545

Profit for the year                                    –           –            –            –       10,728       10,728
Reorganisation                                   (11,010)          –       11,010            –            –            –
Shares issued pursuant to
  the capitalisation issue                         1,980      (1,980)           –            –            –            –
Shares issued pursuant to the share offer            660      98,340            –            –            –       99,000
Shares issuance cost                                   –      (8,084)           –            –            –       (8,084)

Other comprehensive expense:
  Change in fair value of available- for-sale
  financial asset                                      –           –            –           (5)           –              (5)
  Reclassification upon disposal of
   an available-for-sale investment                    –           –            –          (31)           –             (31)


Balance as at 31 March 2018                        2,640      88,276       11,010          (36)      85,263      187,153




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                        Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited          47
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




                                                                                              2018           2017
                                                                             Note           HK$’000        HK$’000


     Cash flows from operating activities
     Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                28(a)               13,670    (12,399)
     Net tax paid                                                                                (6,278)   (11,057)


     Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                                       7,392    (23,456)


     Cash flows from investing activities
     Deposit paid for a life insurance policy                                                    (2,828)         –
     Decrease in amount due from a related company                                                    –         74
     Decrease in amount due from a director                                                           –     17,295
     Investment in available-for-sale financial asset                                            (6,024)         –
     Proceeds from disposal of available-for-sale financial asset                                 3,048          –
     Interest received                                                                               34          –
     Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                    (398)       (16)


     Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                      (6,168)    17,353

     Cash flows from financing activities
     Proceeds from share offer                                                                   99,000           –
     Payments of transactions costs attributable to issue of new shares                          (8,084)          –
     Repayment of related party’s loan                                                           (1,600)          –
     Repayments of finance leases                                                                   (18)       (68)
     Interest paid on finance leases                                                                  –          (3)
     Dividend paid                                                                              (15,000)          –


     Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                      74,298        (71)


     Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                        75,522     (6,174)

     Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                          27,557     33,731


     Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                               103,079     27,557


     Analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents
     Cash and bank balances                                                   21                103,079     27,557




     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




48        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




1.    GENERAL INFORMATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 29 March 2017 as an exempted company with
      limited liability under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and its shares have been listed on The Stock
      Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) with effect from 29 March 2018.

      The addresses of the Company is PO Box 1350, Clifton House, 75 Fort Street, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108,
      Cayman Islands and the Company’s principal place of business is Offices E & F, 7th Floor, King Palace Plaza,
      No. 55 King Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong. The Company is an investment holding company.
      The Group is principally engaged in the business of foundation works and superstructure building works in
      Hong Kong.

      Prior to the corporate reorganisation undertaken in preparation for the listing of the Company’s shares on the
      Stock Exchange (the “Reorganisation”), the group entities were under the control of Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (“Ms.
      KY Tsui”), Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin (“Mr. Benjamin Ng”) and Ms. Ng Chung Yan May (“Ms. May Ng”).
      Through the Reorganisation, the Company became the holding company of the companies now comprising the
      Group on 8 March 2018. Accordingly, for the purpose of the preparation of the consolidated financial
      statements of the Group, the Company has been considered as the holding company of the companies now
      comprising the Group throughout the years presented. The Group comprising the Company and its subsidiaries
      resulting from the Reorganisation is regarded as a continuing entity. The Group was under the control of Ms.
      KY Tsui, Mr. Benjamin Ng and Ms. May Ng prior to and after the Reorganisation.

      The consolidated financial statements has been prepared as if the Company had been the holding company of
      the Group throughout the years presented in accordance with Accounting Guideline 5 ‘’Merger Accounting for
      Common Control Combinations” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
      (“HKICPA”). The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated
      statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the years presented, which
      include the results, changes in equity and cash flows of the companies now comprising the Group, have been
      prepared to present as if the current group structure had been in existence throughout the years presented, or
      since their respective dates of incorporation where this is a shorter period. The consolidation statement of
      financial position as at 31 March 2017 has been prepared to present the assets and liabilities of the companies
      comprising the Group as if the current group structure had been in existence at that dates taking into account
      the respective date of incorporation, where applicable.

      The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), unless otherwise stated.




                                                                    Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited       49
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set
           out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

           2.1 Basis of presentation
                  The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements which
                  are in accordance with the HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA are set out below. In addition, the consolidated
                  financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of
                  Securities on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and with the disclosure requirements of the Hong
                  Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap 622). The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under
                  the historical cost convention, except as otherwise stated in the accounting policies below.

                  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires the use of certain critical
                  accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying
                  the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas
                  where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed
                  in Note 4 below.

                  2.1.1 Changes in accounting policy and disclosures
                        (a) New and amended standards adopted by the Group

                                Amendments to HKAS 7                     Disclosure Initiative
                                Amendments to HKAS 12                    Recognition of Deferred Tax Assets for Unrealised
                                                                           Losses
                                Amendments to HKFRS 12                   As part of the Annual Improvements to HKFRSs
                                                                           2014–2016 Cycle

                                Except as described below, the application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year
                                has had no material impact on the Group’s financial performance and positions for the current
                                and prior years and on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

                                Amendments to HKAS 7 Disclosure Initiative

                                The Group has applied these amendments for the first time in the current year. The
                                amendments require an entity to provide disclosures that enable user of financial statements
                                to evaluate changes in liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and non-
                                cash changes. In addition, the amendments also require disclosures on changes in financial
                                assets if cash flows from those financial assets were, or future cash flows will be, included in
                                cash flows from financing activities.

                                Specifically, the amendments require the following to be disclosed: (i) changes from financing
                                cash flows; (ii) changes arising from obtaining or losing of subsidiaries or other businesses; (iii)
                                the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates; (iv) changes in fair value; and (v) other
                                changes.

                                A reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of these items is provided in note
                                28 (b), the application of these amendments has had no impact on the Group’s consolidated
                                financial statements.




50        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.1 Basis of presentation (Continued)
             2.1.1 Changes in accounting policy and disclosures (Continued)
                   (b) New and amended standards not yet adopted
                       The following new standards and amendments to standards relevant to the Group’s
                       operations have been issued and are effective for the financial year beginning 1 January 2018
                       or after and have not been early adopted.

                           HKFRS 9                                            Financial Instruments1
                           HKFRS 15                                           Revenue from Contract with Customers1
                           HKFRS 16                                           Leases2
                           HKFRS 17                                           Insurance Contract4
                           HK(IFRIC)–Int 22                                   Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance
                                                                                Consideration1
                           HK (IFRIC)–Int 23                                  Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments2
                           Amendments to HKFRS 2                              Classification and Measurement of Share-Based
                                                                                Payment Transactions1
                           Amendments to HKFRS 4                              Applying HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments with HKFRS 4
                                                                                Insurance Contracts1
                           Amendments to HKFRS 9                              Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation2
                           Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                         Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
                            HKAS 28                                             and its Associate or Joint Venture3
                           Amendments to HKFRS 15                             Clarification to HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts
                                                                                with Customers1
                           Amendments to HKAS 19                              Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement2
                           Amendments to HKAS 28                              Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures2
                           Amendments to HKAS 28                              As part of the Annual Improvements to HKFRSs
                                                                                2014–2016 Cycle1
                           Amendments to HKAS 40                              Transfers of Investment Property1
                           Amendments to HKFRSs                               Annual Improvement to HKFRSs 2015–2017 Cycle2

                           1
                                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018.
                           2
                                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019.
                           3
                                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
                           4
                                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021.


                           Except for the new and amended HKFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company
                           anticipate that the application of other new and amended HKFRSs will have no material impact
                           on the consolidated financial statement in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited   51
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.1 Basis of presentation (Continued)
                  2.1.1 Changes in accounting policy and disclosures (Continued)
                        (b) New and amended standards not yet adopted (Continued)
                            HKFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”
                            HKFRS 9 issued in 2009 introduced new requirements for the classification and measurement
                            of financial assets. HKFRS 9 was subsequently amended in 2010 to include requirements for
                            the classification and measurement of financial liabilities and for derecognition, and further
                            amended in 2013 to include the new requirements for general hedge accounting. Another
                            revised version of HKFRS 9 was issued in 2014 mainly to include (a) impairment requirements
                            for financial assets and (b) limited amendments to the classification and measurement
                            requirements by introducing a fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)
                            measurement category for certain simple debt instruments.

                                Key requirements of HKFRS 9 are described below:

                                •       All recognised financial assets that are within the scope of HKAS 39 ‘’Financial
                                        Instruments: Recognition and Measurement” are subsequently measured at amortised
                                        cost or fair value. Specifically, debt investments that are held within a business model
                                        whose objective is to collect the contractual cash flows, and that have contractual cash
                                        flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal outstanding are
                                        generally measured at amortised cost at the end of subsequent accounting periods.
                                        Debt instruments that are held within a business model whose objective is achieved
                                        both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets, and that have
                                        contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that
                                        are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, are
                                        measured at FVTOCI. All other debt investments and equity investments are measured
                                        at their fair value at the end of subsequent accounting periods. In addition, under HKFRS
                                        9, entities may make an irrevocable election to present subsequent changes in the fair
                                        value of an equity investment (that is not held for trading) in other comprehensive
                                        income, with only dividend income generally recognised in profit or loss.

                                •       With regard to the measurement of financial liabilities designated as at fair value through
                                        profit or loss, HKFRS 9 requires that the amount of change in the fair value of the
                                        financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is
                                        presented in other comprehensive income, unless the recognition of the effects of
                                        changes in the liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive income would create or
                                        enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. Changes in fair value of financial
                                        liabilities attributable to changes in the financial liabilities’ credit risk are not subsequently
                                        reclassified to profit or loss. Under HKAS 39, the entire amount of the change in the fair
                                        value of the financial liability designated as fair value through profit or loss was presented
                                        in profit or loss.




52        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.1 Basis of presentation (Continued)
             2.1.1 Changes in accounting policy and disclosures (Continued)
                   (b) New and amended standards not yet adopted (Continued)
                       HKFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” (Continued)
                       •     In relation to the impairment of financial assets, HKFRS 9 requires an expected credit
                             loss model, as opposed to an incurred credit loss model under HKAS 39. The expected
                             credit loss model requires an entity to account for expected credit losses and changes in
                             those expected credit losses at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since
                             initial recognition. In other words, it is no longer necessary for a credit event to have
                             occurred before credit losses are recognised.

                           •       The new general hedge accounting requirements retain the three types of hedge
                                   accounting. However, greater flexibility has been introduced to the types of transactions
                                   eligible for hedge accounting, specifically broadening the types of instruments that
                                   qualify for hedging instruments and the types of risk components of non-financial items
                                   that are eligible for hedge accounting. In addition, the effectiveness test has been
                                   overhauled and replaced with the principle of an economic relationship. Retrospective
                                   assessment of hedge effectiveness is also no longer required. Enhanced disclosure
                                   requirements about an entity’s risk management activities have also been introduced.

                           The directors of the Company are assessing the impact of HKFRS 9 but anticipate that the
                           application of HKFRS 9 in the future will have no material impact on the consolidated financial
                           statements.

                           HKFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”
                           HKFRS 15 establishes a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for
                           revenue arising from contracts with customers. HKFRS 15 will supersede the current revenue
                           guidance including HKAS 18 ‘’Revenue”, HKAS 11 ‘’Construction Contracts” and the related
                           Interpretations when it becomes effective.

                           The core principle of HKFRS 15 is that an entity should recognise revenue to depict the
                           transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
                           consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
                           services. Specifically, the HKFRS 15 introduces a 5-step approach revenue recognition:

                           •       Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer.

                           •       Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract.

                           •       Step 3: Determine the transaction price.

                           •       Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract.

                           •       Step 5: Recognise revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation.

                           Under HKFRS 15, an entity recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is
                           satisfied, i.e. when ”control“ of the goods or services underlying the particular performance
                           obligation is transferred to the customer. More prescriptive guidance has been added in
                           HKFRS 15 to deal with specific scenarios. Furthermore, extensive disclosures are required by
                           HKFRS 15.




                                                                            Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited      53
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.1 Basis of presentation (Continued)
                  2.1.1 Changes in accounting policy and disclosures (Continued)
                        (b) New and amended standards not yet adopted (Continued)
                            HKFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” (Continued)
                            Based on the current accounting policies adopted by the Company, the revenue is recognised
                            with reference to the proportion that work performed with reference to surveys of work
                            performed to date.

                                In accordance with HKFRS 15, input methods recognise revenue on the basis of the Group’s
                                efforts or inputs to the satisfaction of a performance obligation (for example, resources
                                consumed, labour hours expended, costs incurred, time elapsed or machine hours used)
                                relative to the total expected inputs to the satisfaction of that performance obligation. The
                                timing of revenue recognition based on current accounting policies may result in different
                                timing of revenue recognition based on input method as mentioned in HKFRS 15 because
                                there may not be a direct relationship between the Group’s inputs and the satisfaction of the
                                Group’s performance obligation to a customer (i.e. the surveys of work performed to date by
                                the customers and/or surveyors engaged by the customers).

                                On the other hand, HKFRS 15 allows adoption of output method as appropriate method of
                                measuring progress to recognise revenue. In accordance to HKFRS 15, output methods
                                recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value to the customer of the
                                goods or services transferred to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised
                                under the contract. Output methods include methods such as surveys of performance
                                completed to date. The timing of revenue recognition based on current accounting policies is
                                similar to the timing of revenue recognition based on output method as mentioned in HKFRS
                                15. The Group will adopt the output method for revenue recognition. Thus, the application of
                                HKFRS 15 will have no material impact on our Group’s future financial statements.

                                The materials consumed by the Group include concrete, piles and reinforcement steel. The
                                Group did not maintain any inventory during the year presented mainly because the materials
                                were usually delivered directly to our project sites for immediate consumption on project-by-
                                project basis. As such, the Group did not have significant amount of uninstalled materials as at
                                the end of each reporting period. Thus, the financial impact of the uninstalled materials in the
                                application of HKFRS 15 will be considered as insignificant.

                                The directors of the Company do not expect the adoption of HKFRS 15 would result in
                                significant impact on the amounts reported on the consolidated financial statements.
                                However, there will be additional qualitative and quantitative disclosures upon the adoption of
                                HKFRS 15.




54        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.1 Basis of presentation (Continued)
             2.1.1 Changes in accounting policy and disclosures (Continued)
                   (b) New and amended standards not yet adopted (Continued)
                       HKFRS 16 “Leases”
                       HKFRS 16 introduces a comprehensive model for the identification of lease arrangements and
                       accounting treatments for both lessors and lessees. It distinguishes leases and service
                       contracts on the basis of whether an identified asset is controlled by a customer. Subject to
                       limited exceptions for short-term leases and low value assets, distinctions of operating and
                       finance leases are removed for lessee accounting, and is replaced by a model where a right-
                       of-use asset and a corresponding liability have to be recognised for all leases by lessees.
                       However, the standard does not significantly change the accounting of lessors.

                           Application of HKFRS 16 will result in the Group’s recognition of right-of-use assets and
                           corresponding liabilities in respect of many of the Group’s lease arrangements. These assets
                           and liabilities are currently not required to be recognised but certain relevant information is
                           disclosed as commitments to these consolidated financial statements.

                           Total operating lease commitment of the Group as at 31 March 2018 amounted to
                           approximately HK$1,463,000 (Note 29). The directors of the Group do not expect the adoption
                           of HKFRS 16 as compared with the current accounting policy would result in significant impact
                           on the Group’s results but it is expected that certain portion of these lease commitments will
                           be required to be recognised in the consolidated statements of financial position as right-of-
                           use assets and lease liabilities.

                           Except for the above, the directors of the Company do not anticipate that the application of
                           the new and revised HKFRSs listed above will have a material impact on the consolidated
                           financial statements.

      2.2 Subsidiaries
             2.2.1 Consolidation
                   Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The
                   Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
                   involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
                   entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group.
                   They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.

                    Business combinations
                    Except for the Reorganisation, the Group uses the acquisition method of accounting to account for
                    business combinations. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair
                    values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquire and the
                    equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any
                    asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Acquisition-related costs are
                    expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in
                    a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group
                    recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquire on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at
                    fair value or at the non- controlling interest’s proportionate share of the recognised amount of the
                    acquirer’s identifiable net assets.




                                                                         Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited         55
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.2 Subsidiaries (Continued)
                  2.2.1 Consolidation (Continued)
                        Business combinations (Continued)
                        The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
                        acquire and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquire over the fair
                        value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total of consideration
                        transferred, non-controlling interest recognised and previously held interest measured is less than
                        the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the
                        difference is recognised directly in the profit or loss.

                         Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                         companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated. Accounting policies of subsidiaries
                         have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                         The comparative amounts in the consolidated financial statements are presented as if the entities or
                         businesses had been combined at the end of the previous reporting period or when they first came
                         under common control, whichever is shorter.

                  2.2.2 Separate financial statements
                        Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct
                        attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on
                        the basis of dividend received and receivable.

                         Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from
                         these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the
                         period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial
                         statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s
                         net assets including goodwill.

           2.3 Merger accounting for common control combinations
                  The consolidated financial statements incorporates the financial statements items of the combining
                  entities or businesses in which the common control combination occurs as if they had been combined
                  from the date when the combining entities or businesses first came under the control of the controlling
                  party.

                  The net assets of the combining entities or businesses are consolidated using the existing book values
                  from the controlling parties’ perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or excess of
                  acquirer’s interest in the net fair value of acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities
                  over cost at the time of common control combination, to the extent of the continuation of the controlling
                  party’s interest. The consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income include
                  the results of each of the combining entities or businesses from the earliest date presented or since the
                  date when the combining entities or businesses first came under the common control, where this is a
                  shorter period, regardless of the date of the common control combination.




56        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.4 Segment reporting
             Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
             operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources
             and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the board of directors that
             makes strategic decisions.

      2.5 Foreign currency translation
             Functional and presentation currency
             Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
             currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”).
             The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Company’s functional and
             presentation currency.

      2.6 Property, plant and equipment
             The property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and
             accumulated impairment losses, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to
             the acquisition of the items.

             Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
             appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
             the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is
             derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance costs are charged to profit or loss during the financial
             period in which they are incurred.

             Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate
             their cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives or lease term, where applicable, as
             follows:

             Machinery and equipment                                                                                20%
             Leasehold improvements                                                                                 20%
             Furniture, fixtures and office equipment                                                               20%
             Motor vehicles                                                                                         20%

             The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
             reporting period.

             An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
             amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

             Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and
             are recognised in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.




                                                                       Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited        57
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.7 Impairment of non-financial assets
                  Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for
                  impairment. Assets that are subject to amortisation or depreciation are reviewed for impairment
                  whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
                  An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
                  recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal
                  and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for
                  which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than
                  goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each
                  reporting date.

           2.8 Leases
                  Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessors are
                  classified as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received
                  from the lessors) are charged to the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                  income on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.

                  The Group leases certain property, plant and equipment. Leases of property, plant and equipment where
                  the Group has substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance leases.
                  Finance leases are capitalised at the lease’s commencement at the lower of the fair value of the leased
                  property and the present value of the minimum lease payments.

                  Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance charges. The corresponding rental
                  obligations, net of finance charges, are included in other long-term payables. The interest element of the
                  finance cost is charged to the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                  over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the
                  liability for each period. Assets held under finance leases are depreciated over their expected useful lives
                  on the same basis as owned assets. However, when there is no reasonable certainty that ownership will
                  be obtained by the end of the lease term, assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and
                  their useful lives.

           2.9 Financial assets
                  Classification
                  The Group classifies its financial assets as loans and receivables, and available-for-sale. The classification
                  depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired. Management determines the
                  classification of its financial assets at initial recognition.

                  (i)    Loan and receivables
                         Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that
                         are not quoted in an active market. They are included in current assets, except for the amounts that
                         are settled or expected to be settled more than 12 months after the end of the reporting period.
                         These are classified as non-current assets. The Group’s loans and receivables comprise “deposit
                         and prepayment for life insurance policy”, “trade and other receivables” and “cash and bank
                         balances” in the consolidated statements of financial position.




58        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.9 Financial assets (Continued)
             (ii)   Available-for-sale financial assets
                    Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivatives that are either designated in this category or
                    not classified in any of the other categories. They are included in non-current assets unless the
                    investment matures or management intends to dispose of it within 12 months of the end of the
                    reporting period.

                    Recognition and measurement
                    Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade-date — the date on
                    which the group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Investments are initially recognised at fair
                    value plus transaction costs for all financial assets not carried at fair value through profit or loss.
                    Financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are initially recognised at fair value, and
                    transaction costs are expensed in the statement of profit or loss. Financial assets are derecognised
                    when the rights to receive cash flows from the investments have expired or have been transferred
                    and the group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership. Available-for-sale
                    financial assets and financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are subsequently carried at
                    fair value.

      2.10 Impairment of financial assets
             (i)    Assets carried at amortised cost
                    The Group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is objective evidence that a
                    financial asset or group of financial assets is impaired. A financial asset or a group of financial assets
                    is impaired and impairment losses are incurred only if there is objective evidence of impairment as a
                    result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the asset (a “loss event”)
                    and that loss event (or events) has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial
                    asset or group of financial assets that can be reliably estimated.

                    Evidence of impairment may include indications that the debtors or a group of debtors is
                    experiencing significant financial difficulty, default or delinquency in interest or principal payments,
                    the probability that they will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation, and where
                    observable data indicate that there is a measurable decrease in the estimated future cash flows,
                    such as changes in arrears or economic conditions that correlate with defaults.

                    For loans and receivables category, the amount of the loss is measured as the difference between
                    the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows (excluding future
                    credit losses that have not been incurred) discounted at the financial asset’s original effective
                    interest rate. The carrying amount of the asset is reduced and the amount of the loss is recognised
                    in profit or loss.

                    If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be
                    related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was recognised (such as an
                    improvement in the debtor’s credit rating), the reversal of the previously recognised impairment
                    loss is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                          Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited          59
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.10 Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                  (ii)   Assets classified as available-for-sale
                         The Group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is objective evidence that a
                         financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired.

                         For debt securities, if any such evidence exists the cumulative loss — measured as the difference
                         between the acquisition cost and the current fair value, less any impairment loss on that financial
                         asset previously recognised in profit or loss — is reclassified from equity and recognised in profit or
                         loss. If, in a subsequent period, the fair value of a debt instrument classified as available-for-sale
                         increases and the increase can be objectively related to an event occurring after the impairment
                         loss was recognised in profit or loss, the impairment loss is reversed through the profit or loss.

           2.11 Gross amounts due from/to customers for contract work
                  A construction contract is defined in HKAS 11 as a contract specifically negotiated for the construction of
                  an asset or a combination of assets that are closely interrelated or interdependent in terms of their
                  design, technology and functions or their ultimate purpose or use.

                  When the outcome of a construction contract can be estimated reliably, revenue and costs are recognised
                  by reference to the stage of completion of the contract activity at the end of the reporting period.
                  Variations in contract work, claims and incentive payments are included to the extent that the amount can
                  be measured reliably and its receipt is considered probable.

                  The Group presents as an asset the gross amounts due from customers for contract work for all contracts
                  in progress for which costs incurred plus recognised profits (less recognised losses) exceed progress
                  billings. Progress billings not yet paid by customers and retention are included within “trade and other
                  receivables”.

                  The Group presents as a liability the gross amounts due to customers for contract work for all contracts in
                  progress for which progress billings exceed costs incurred plus recognised profits (less recognised
                  losses).

           2.12 Trade and other receivables
                  Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for services performed in the ordinary course of
                  business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal
                  operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented
                  as non-current assets.

                  Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
                  cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment.

           2.13 Cash and cash equivalents
                  In the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits
                  held at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months
                  or less, and bank overdrafts (if any).




60        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.14 Share capital
             Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

             Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
             deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

      2.15 Trade and other payables
             Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course
             of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if the payment is
             due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are
             presented as non-current liabilities.

             Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
             cost using the effective interest method.

      2.16 Borrowings
             Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
             settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

             Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
             subsequently carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
             and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
             effective interest method.

      2.17 Borrowing costs
             General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of
             qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their
             intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially
             ready for their intended use or sale.

             Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
             on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

             All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

      2.18 Current and deferred income tax
             The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit or loss,
             except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
             equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity,
             respectively.

             The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
             at the end of each reporting period in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable
             income. Management periodically evaluate positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in
             which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on
             the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.




                                                                        Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited        61
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.18 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)
                  Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences, arising between
                  the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
                  However, the deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or
                  liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
                  neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws)
                  that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period and are expected to
                  apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred taxation liability is settled.

                  Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit
                  will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

                  Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset
                  current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes assets and liabilities
                  relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different
                  taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

           2.19 Employee benefits
                  (i)     Employee leave entitlements
                          Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision
                          is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up
                          to the end of each reporting period.

                          Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

                  (ii)    Retirement benefits
                          The Group operates defined contribution plans and pays contributions to privately administered
                          pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Group has no further
                          payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as
                          employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to
                          the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.

                  (iii)   Termination benefits
                          Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal
                          retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these
                          benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed to a
                          termination when the entity has a detailed formal plan to terminate the employment of current
                          employees without possibility of withdrawal. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary
                          redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected to
                          accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of each reporting period
                          are discounted to present value.




62        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.19 Employee benefits (Continued)
             (iv)   Bonus plans
                    The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses when the Group has a present legal or
                    constructive obligation as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable estimate of
                    such obligation can be made.

             (v)    Long service payments
                    Under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance, the Group is required to make long service payments
                    to its employees upon the termination of their employment or retirement on ground of old age
                    when the employee fulfils certain conditions and the termination meets the required circumstances.
                    Further, where accrued benefits (excluding any part attributable to the employee’s contributions)
                    have been paid to the employee, or is being held in a mandatory provident fund scheme by the
                    employee, which is the case for most of the eligible employees of the Group, the long service
                    payment is offset against the aforementioned amount of benefits to the extent that they relate to
                    the employee’s years of service for which the long service payment is payable.

                    Based on the Group’s past experience and the directors’ knowledge of the business and work
                    force, the Group makes its estimates of its obligations to make long service payments to its
                    employees in the event of termination of their employment or retirement. The Group’s obligations
                    to make such long service payments are recognised in the financial statements as long service
                    payment liabilities at the present value (where the effect of discounting is material) of the long
                    service payment obligations, which are estimated after deducting the entitlements accrued under
                    the Group’s defined contribution retirement scheme that are attributable to contributions made by
                    the Group. Service cost, net interest on the long service payment liabilities (where discounting to
                    present value is adopted because the effect of discounting is material) and remeasurements of the
                    long service payment liabilities are recognised in profit or loss.

      2.20 Provisions
             Provisions are recognised when: The Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of
             past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the
             amounts have been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

             Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
             settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised
             even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations
             may be small.

             Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the
             obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
             the risks specific to the obligations. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as
             interest expense.




                                                                       Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited        63
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.21 Contingent liabilities and contingent assets
                  A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be
                  confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within
                  the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised
                  because it is not probable that outflow of economic resource will be required or the amount of obligation
                  cannot be measured reliably.

                  A contingent liability is not recognised but is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial
                  statements. When a change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, it will then
                  be recognised as a provision.

                  A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
                  only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain events not wholly within the control
                  of the Group.

                  Contingent assets are not recognised but are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial
                  statements when an inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually certain, an asset is
                  recognised.

           2.22 Revenue recognition
                  Revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivables for the sale of services in
                  the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown after eliminating sales within the Group.

                  Revenue from contract work is recognised based on the percentage of completion of the contracts,
                  provided that the percentage of contract completion and the gross billing value of contracting work can
                  be measured reliably. The percentage of completion of a contract is established by reference to the
                  construction works certified by customers.

                  Variations in contract work, claims and incentive payments are included in contract revenue to the extent
                  that they have been agreed with the customer and are capable of being reliably measured.

           2.23 Interest income
                  Interest income is recognised on a time proportion basis using the effective interest method.

           2.24 Dividend distribution
                  Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s
                  consolidated financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Group’s
                  shareholders or directors, where appropriate.

           2.25 Deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy
                  Life insurance policy that can be terminated at any time is determined by the upfront payments plus
                  accumulated interest earned and minus the accumulated insurance charge and policy expense charge. If
                  withdrawal is made, a pre-determined specified amount of surrender charge would be imposed.




64        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      3.1 Financial risk factors
             The Group’s activities exposed it to a variety of financial risks: interest rate risk, credit risk and liquidity
             risk.

             The Group’s overall risk management programmed focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets
             and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

             (i)    Interest rate risk
                    Other than bank balances with variable interest rate, the Group has no other significant interest-
                    bearing assets. Management does not anticipate significant impact to interest-bearing assets
                    resulted from the changes in interest rates, because the interest rates of bank balances are not
                    expected to change significantly.

                    The Group does not expose to cash flow interest rate risk arising from its borrowings as the Group’s
                    finance lease liabilities are at fixed interest rates. The Group currently does not hedge its exposure
                    to the interest rate risk as the management of the Group consider that the risk is insignificant.

             (ii)   Credit risk
                    Credit risk arises mainly from deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy, trade and other
                    receivables, amount due from a director, amount due from a related company, amount due from a
                    related party and cash and bank balances. The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in the
                    event of the counterparties’ failure to perform their obligations as at the reporting dates in relation
                    to each class of recognised financial assets is the carrying amount of those assets as stated in the
                    consolidated statements of financial position.

                    The credit risk of bank balances and deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy is limited
                    because the counterparties are banks with sound credit ratings assigned by international credit-
                    rating agencies and financial institution with good reputation respectively.

                    In respect of trade and other receivables, individual credit evaluations are performed on all
                    customers and counterparties. These evaluations focus on the counterparty’s financial position, past
                    history of making payments and take into account information specific to the counterparty as well
                    as pertaining to the economic environment in which the counterparty operates. Monitoring
                    procedures have been implemented to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue
                    debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each individual trade and other
                    receivable balance at the end of each reporting period to ensure adequate impairment losses are
                    made for irrecoverable amounts.

                    As at 31 March 2018, there were four (2017: two) customers which individually contributed over
                    10% of the Group’s trade and other receivables. The aggregate amounts of trade and other
                    receivables from these customers amounted to 54% (2017: 45%) of the Group’s total trade and
                    other receivables as at 31 March 2018.




                                                                         Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited          65
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                  (iii)   Liquidity risk
                          The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that
                          it maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet their liquidity requirements in the short and long
                          term. Management believes there is no significant liquidity risk as the Group has sufficient financial
                          resources to fund their operations.

                          The following table details the remaining contractual maturities at the end of each reporting period
                          of the Group’s financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
                          interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating based on current rates at the end
                          of each reporting period) and the earliest date the Group may be required to pay:

                                                                      On demand         Between        Between
                                                                        or within        one and        two and
                                                                        one year       two years      five years        Total
                                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000


                          At 31 March 2018
                          Trade and other payables                          35,350               –             –        35,350


                          At 31 March 2017
                          Trade and other payables                          31,719               –             –        31,719
                          Loan from a related party                          1,600               –             –         1,600
                          Dividend payable                                  15,000               –             –        15,000
                          Finance lease liabilities                             18               –             –            18

                                                                            48,337               –             –        48,337




66        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.2 Capital risk management
             The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as
             a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders, to support the Group’s
             stability and growth; to earn a margin commensurate with the level of business and market risks in the
             Group’s operations and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

             In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to
             shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares, obtain new borrowings or sell assets to
             reduce debt.

             The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as the debts as at
             each year end divided by the total equity as at each year end.

             The gearing ratios of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                             2018              2017
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


             Debts                                                                               –             1,618
             Total equity                                                                  187,153            85,545


             Gearing ratio                                                                     N/A              1.9%




                                                                      Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited       67
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.3 Fair value estimation
                  The Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at 31 March 2018 by level of the inputs to
                  valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised into three levels within a fair
                  value hierarchy as follows:

                  •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

                  •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                         either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

                  •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                         inputs) (level 3).

                  At 31 March 2018

                                                                            Level 1        Level 2         Level 3       Total
                                                                           HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


                  Available-for-sale financial asset:
                  Certificate of deposit
                  Unlisted debt investment at fair value                           –          2,971               –      2,971

                  There were no transfers between 1, 2 and 3 during the year.

     4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
           Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are continually evaluated
           and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are
           believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
           seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a
           material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed
           below.

           Percentage of completion of construction works
           The Group recognises its contract revenue according to the percentage of work performed to date of the
           individual contract of construction works as a percentage of total contract value. Because of the nature of the
           activity undertaken in construction contracts, the date at which the contract activity is entered into and the date
           when the activity is completed usually fall into different accounting period. The Group reviews and revises the
           estimates of contract revenue, contract costs and variation orders prepared for each construction contract as
           the contract progresses. Management regularly reviews the progress of the contracts and the corresponding
           costs of the contract revenue.




68        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      Revenue, which is also the Group’s turnover, represents construction contract receipts in the ordinary course
      of business. Revenue and other income recognised during the years are as follows:

                                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


      Revenue

      Business of foundation works and superstructure building works                                     215,692           184,363


      Other income and net gains

      Interest income                                                                                         115                   –
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                        (8)                  –
      Fair value gain on available-for-sale financial asset
        (transfer from equity on disposal)                                                                     31                   –


                                                                                                              138                   –

      The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the board of directors of the Company. The board of
      directors regards the Group’s business as a single operating segment and reviews consolidated financial
      statements accordingly. Also, the Group only engages its business in Hong Kong. Therefore, no segment
      information is presented.

      Geographical information
      The Company is domiciled in the Cayman Islands with the Group’s operations located in Hong Kong. All of the
      Group’s revenue from external customers during the years are derived from Hong Kong, the place of domicile
      of the Group’s operating subsidiaries. All the non-current assets of the Group are located in Hong Kong.
      Accordingly, no geographical information is presented.

      Information about major customers
      Revenue from customers contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


      Customer I                                                                                           N/A1             39,785
      Customer II                                                                                         44,037              N/A1
      Customer III                                                                                        30,014            39,549
      Customer IV                                                                                         27,141              N/A1

      1
             The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited       69
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     6.    PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX

                                                                                  2018         2017
                                                                                HK$’000      HK$’000


           Profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging:

           Included in direct costs:
             Depreciation of owned assets                                         1,513          942
             Depreciation of assets under finance leases                             21           49
             Staff costs, including directors’ emoluments (Note 7)               13,228        9,187
             Operating lease rental in respect of
              — equipment and machinery                                           1,108          721
             — others                                                                32           29

           Included in administrative and other operating expenses:
             Auditors’ remuneration                                                 770          150
             Depreciation of owned assets                                            97           99
             Listing expenses                                                    18,866        2,643
             Operating lease rental in respect of
              — office premise                                                      599          599
              — director’s quarter (included in director’s emoluments)              294          437
             Staff costs, including directors’ emoluments (Note 7)                9,530       10,483

           Notes:


                                                                                    2018        2017
                                                                                 HK$’000      HK$’000


           Depreciation (Note 14)                                                  1,183        1,326
           Less: amounts charged to direct costs                                   (1,534)       (991)
           Less: amounts charged to administrative and other opening expenses         (97)        (99)


           Amounts capitalised in constructing work-in progress                     (448)        236




70        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




7.    EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES, INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

                                                                                        2018              2017
                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000


      Directors’ emoluments                                                             4,333             5,054
      Other staff costs                                                                18,063            14,297
      Retirement scheme contributions
      — defined contribution plan, excluding directors                                     501               520


                                                                                        22,897            19,871
      Less: amounts charged to direct costs                                            (13,228)            (9,187)
      Less: amounts charged to administrative and other operating expenses              (9,530)          (10,483)


      Amounts capitalised in constructing work-in progress                                 139               201

      The Group operates defined contribution schemes in Hong Kong which comply with the requirements under
      the Mandatory Provident Fund (‘’MPF”) Schemes Ordinance. All assets under the scheme are held separately
      from the Group under independently administered funds. Contributions to the MPF scheme follow the MPF
      Schemes Ordinance.




                                                                 Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited       71
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     8.    BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS
           (a)    Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
                  The remuneration of each director and the chief executive for the years ended 31 March 2018 and 2017
                  are set out below:

                                                                                    Salaries and                          Retirement
                                                                                  other benefits        Discretionary         scheme
                                                                              Fee         in kind            bonuses    contributions       Total
                                                                          HK$’000       HK$’000              HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


                  Year ended 31 March 2018
                  Executive directors
                  — Mr. Benjamin Ng
                     (Chief Executive officer) (Notes(i))                         –             2,094            450              36         2,580
                  — Ms. May Ng (Note(i))                                          –               876            123              36         1,035

                  Non-executive director
                  — Ms. KY Tsui (Note(i))                                         –              600             115               –           715

                  Independent non-executive director
                  — Mr. Yau Chung Hang (Note(ii))                                1                  –              –               –              1
                  — Mr. Pong Kam Keung (Note(ii))                                1                  –              –               –              1
                  — Mr. Lo Ki Chiu (Note(ii))                                    1                  –              –               –              1

                                                                                 3              3,570            688              72         4,333


                  Year ended 31 March 2017
                  Executive directors
                  — Mr. Benjamin Ng                                               –             2,086          1,210              36         3,332
                  — Ms. May Ng                                                    –               875            107              36         1,018

                  Non-executive director
                  — Ms. KY Tsui                                                   –              600             104               –           704

                                                                                  –             3,561          1,421              72         5,054

                  During the year ended 31 March 2018, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors as an
                  inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2017: Nil). Neither the
                  chief executive nor any of the directors has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the year
                  ended 31 March 2018 (2017: Nil).

                  Notes:


                  (i)      Ms. KY Tsui, Mr. Benjamin Ng and Ms. May Ng were appointed as executive directors/non-executive director of the Company
                           on 29 March 2017. They were also directors of certain subsidiaries of the Company and/or employees of the Group during the
                           years ended 31 March 2018 and 2017 and the Group paid emoluments to them in their capacity as the directors of these
                           subsidiaries and/or employees of the Group before their appointment as executive directors of the Company.


                  (ii)     Mr. Yau Chung Hang, Mr. Pong Kam Keung and Mr. Lo Ki Chiu were appointed as independent non-executive directors of the
                           Company on 13 March 2018. During the year ended 31 March 2017, the non-executive directors have not been appointed and
                           received nil directors’ remuneration in the capacity of directors.




72        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




8.    BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
      (b) Five highest paid individuals
             During the year, the five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group include three
             (2017: three) directors, whose emoluments are disclosed above. The emoluments paid to the remaining
             two (2017: two) are as follows:

                                                                                               2018              2017
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


             Salaries and allowances                                                            2,700             2,310
             Discretionary bonuses                                                              1,225               791
             Retirement scheme contributions                                                       18                18


                                                                                                3,943             3,119

             The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                                 2018              2017
                                                                                          Number of          Number of
                                                                                          individuals        individuals


             Emolument bands (in HK$)
             Nil–HK$1,000,000                                                                       1                  1
             HK$1,000,001–HK$1,500,000                                                              –                  –
             HK$1,500,001–HK$2,000,000                                                              –                  –
             HK$2,000,001–HK$2,500,000                                                              –                  –
             HK$2,500,001–HK$3,000,000                                                              1                  1

             During the year ended 31 March 2018, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the above highest paid
             individuals as (i) an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or (ii) as compensation for loss of office
             as a director or management of any members of the Group (2017: Nil).

9.    FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                               2018              2017
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


      Interest on finance leases                                                                     –                 3




                                                                       Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited         73
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
           For the years ended 31 March 2018 and 2017, Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5%
           on the estimated assessable profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong for the years.

                                                                                                2018             2017
                                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000


           Hong Kong profits tax
           Current income tax                                                                    6,427            5,627
           Deferred income tax (Note 26)                                                           (73)            (103)


           Income tax expense                                                                    6,354            5,524

           The taxation on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using
           the Hong Kong profits tax rate as follows:

                                                                                                2018             2017
                                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000


           Profit before income tax                                                             17,082           32,480


           Calculated at a tax rate of 16.5%                                                     2,819            5,359
           Income not subject to tax                                                                (2)              (76)
           Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                              3,133              484
           Tax concession                                                                          (40)              (60)
           Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                         –             (183)
           Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognised                        444                 –


           Income tax expense                                                                    6,354            5,524


     11. EARNINGS PER SHARE
           The calculation of the basic earnings per share of the year ended 31 March 2018 is based on the profit for the
           year of approximately HK$10,728,000 (2017: approximately HK$26,956,000) and the weighted average number
           of ordinary shares in issue during the year ended 31 March 2018 of approximately 198,542,000 (2017:
           198,000,000) on the assumption that the Reorganisation as defined in notes 1, had been completed on 1 April
           2016. No diluted earnings per share is presented for both years as there was no potential ordinary share
           outstanding.




74        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




12. SUBSIDIARIES
      The following is a list of the subsidiaries at 31 March 2018:

                                   Place of incorporation/                             Particulars of
                                   operation and kind of                               issued share          Percentage of
        Name                       legal entity                Principal activities    capital                interest held


        Steer Vision Limited       Limited liability company   Investment holding      Ordinary share US$1    100% (direct)
          (“Steer Vision”)           incorporated on
                                     29 March 2017, the BVI

        Build Wise Limited         Limited liability company   Investment holding      Ordinary share US$1   100% (indirect)
          (“Build Wise”)             incorporated on
                                     21 April 2017, the BVI

        United Prosperous Limited Limited liability company    Investment holding      Ordinary share US$1   100%(indirect)
          (“United Prosperous”)     incorporated on
                                    21 April 2017, the BVI

        Grand Basework Limited     Limited liability company   Investment holding      Ordinary share US$1   100%(indirect)
          (“Grand Basework”)         incorporated on
                                     21 April 2017, the BVI

        Prosperous Contractors     Limited liability company   Investment holding      Ordinary share US$1   100%(indirect)
          Limited (“Prosperous       incorporated on
          Contractors”)              9 January 2017, the BVI

        Wise Trend Engineering     Limited liability company   Business of foundation Ordinary share         100%(indirect)
         Limited (“Wise Trend        incorporated on             works and              HK$10,000,000
         Engineering”)               11 July 1996, Hong Kong     superstructure
                                                                 building works

        Wise Trend Construction    Limited liability company   Handling human           Ordinary share       100% (indirect)
         & Engineering Limited       incorporated on             resources and            HK$10,000
         (“Wise Trend                3 May 2006, Hong Kong       related administrative
         Construction &                                          matters of the Group
         Engineering”)

        Wise Trend Construction    Limited liability company  Business of foundation Ordinary share          100% (indirect)
         Limited (“Wise Trend        incorporated               works and              HK$1,000,000
         Construction”)              on 12 May 2014, Hong Kong superstructure
                                                                building works




                                                                          Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited        75
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     13. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                      2018            2017
                                                                                                    HK$’000         HK$’000


           Interim dividend                                                                               –          15,000

           The Directors do not recommend the payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2018. No dividend
           has been declared or paid by the Company since its date of incorporation. During the year ended 31 March
           2017, Wise Trend Engineering Limited, a subsidiary of the Company, declared interim dividends to its then
           equity holders amounting to HK$15,000,000 before Reorganisation.

     14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                        Furniture
                                                          Machinery                 fixtures and
                                                                and     Leasehold          office        Motor
                                                          equipment improvements     equipment         vehicles         Total
                                                            HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000
                                                                                                       (Note a)


           Cost
           At 1 April 2016                                    7,878          425            249           2,720       11,272
           Additions                                              –            –              16              –            16
           Disposals                                              –            –             (34)             –           (34)


           At 31 March 2017                                   7,878          425            231           2,720       11,254


           Accumulated depreciation
           At 1 April 2016                                    5,003          177            223           2,191        7,594
           Charge for the year                                  956           85              14            271        1,326
           Disposals                                              –            –             (34)             –          (34)


           At 31 March 2017                                   5,959          262            203           2,462        8,886


           Net book value
             At 31 March 2017                                 1,919          163              28              258      2,368




76        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                                                                                  Furniture
                                                             Machinery                         fixtures and
                                                                   and    Leasehold                   office       Motor
                                                             equipment improvements              equipment       vehicles        Total
                                                               HK$’000      HK$’000                HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000
                                                                                                                 (Note a)


      Cost
      At April 2017                                                7,878               425               231        2,720       11,254
      Additions                                                       66                 –                 –          334          400
      Disposal                                                       (27)                –                 –            –          (27)


      At 31 March 2018                                             7,917               425               231        3,054       11,627


      Accumulated depreciation
      At 1 April 2017                                              5,959               262               203        2,462        8,886
      Charge for the year                                            898                85                11          189        1,183
      Disposal                                                       (17)                –                 –            –          (17)


      At 31 March 2018                                             6,840               347               214        2,651       10,052


      Net book value
        At 31 March 2018                                           1,077                78                17             403     1,575

      Note:


      (a)     Property, plant and equipment held under finance leases
              Motor vehicles include the following amounts where the Group is a lessee under finance leases:


                                                                                                                 2018             2017
                                                                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000


              Cost — capitalised
                finance leases                                                                                       –             304
              Accumulated depreciation                                                                               –            (264)


              Net book value                                                                                         –               40




                                                                                     Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited        77
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     15. DEPOSIT AND PREPAYMENT FOR LIFE INSURANCE POLICY
           The Group entered into a life Insurance policy with an insurance company to insure Mr. Benjamin Ng. Under
           the policy, Wise Trend Engineering is the beneficiary and policy holder and the total insured sum is United
           States Dollars (“US$”) 1,080,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$8,424,000). Wise Trend Engineering is
           required to pay upfront deposits of approximately US$388,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,026,000).
           Wise Trend Engineering can terminate the policy at any time and receive cash back based on the cash value of
           the policy at the date of withdrawal, which is determined by the upfront payments of approximately
           US$388,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,026,000) plus accumulated interest earned and minus the
           accumulated insurance charge and policy expense charge. In addition, if withdrawal is made at any time during
           the first to the eighteenth policy year, as appropriate, a pre-determined specified amount of surrender charge
           would be imposed. The insurance company will pay Wise Trend Engineering a guaranteed interest of 3.55%
           per annum for the first year, followed by guaranteed interest of 2% per annum or above per annum for the
           following years.

           At 31 March 2018, the deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy amounted to approximately
           HK$2,909,000 (2017: Nil). The deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy was denominated in US$.

           Included in interest income for the year ended 31 March 2018 was amount of approximately HK$81,000 in
           respect of interest income on deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy (2017: Nil).

     16. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                               2018              2017
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


           Financial assets
           Loans and receivables
           Deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy                                     2,909                –
           Trade and other receivables excluding prepayments                                   77,950           70,651
           Cash and bank balances                                                             103,079           27,557


                                                                                              183,938           98,208


           Available-for-sale
           Available-for-sale financial assets                                                  2,971                 –


           Total                                                                              186,909           98,208


           Financial liabilities
           Financial liabilities at amortised cost
           Trade and other payables                                                            35,350           31,719
           Loan from a related party                                                                –            1,600
           Dividend payable                                                                         –           15,000
           Finance lease liabilities                                                                –               18


           Total                                                                               35,350           48,337




78        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




17. GROSS AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO CUSTOMERS FOR CONTRACT WORK

                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


      Gross amounts due from customers for contract work
      Contract costs incurred plus recognised profits less recognised losses             450,683           378,269
      Less: Progress billings received and receivables                                  (414,730)         (343,738)


                                                                                          35,953            34,531

                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


      Gross amounts due to customers for contract work
      Progress billings received and receivables                                          58,032           100,161
      Less: Contract costs incurred plus recognised profits less
          recognised losses                                                               (57,994)          (97,657)


                                                                                               38             2,504

      All gross amounts due from/to customers for contract work are expected to be recovered/settled within one
      year.

18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                           2018              2017
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


      Trade receivables                                                                   34,454            33,212
      Retention receivables                                                               31,878            27,007
      Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                         12,248            13,772


                                                                                          78,580            73,991




                                                                    Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited      79
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
           Notes:


           (a)      Trade receivables are past due when a counterparty has failed to make a payment when contractually due. The credit period granted to
                    customers is 14 to 30 days from the date of issue of the payment certificate by the customer’s consultant or architect or the invoice
                    date. Trade receivables are denominated in HK$.


           (b)      The ageing analysis of the trade receivables based on payment certificate date/invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                                                                 2018                2017
                                                                                                                           HK$’000                HK$’000


                    0–30 days                                                                                                17,420                23,588
                    31–60 days                                                                                                   4,301               3,297
                    61–90 days                                                                                                       –                 403
                    Over 90 days                                                                                             12,733                  5,924


                                                                                                                             34,454                33,212


                    Trade receivables of approximately HK$17,420,000 (2017: HK$23,588,000) as at 31 March 2018 were not yet past due and
                    approximately HK$17,034,000 (2017: HK$9,624,000) as at 31 March 2018 were past due but not impaired. These relate to trade
                    receivables from a number of independent customers of whom there is no recent history of default and no provision has therefore been
                    made.


                    Age of trade receivables that are past due but not impaired:


                                                                                                                                 2018                2017
                                                                                                                           HK$’000                HK$’000


                    Overdue by:
                    1–30 days                                                                                                    4,301               3,297
                    31–60 days                                                                                                       –                 403
                    61–90 days                                                                                                       –               1,805
                    Over 90 days                                                                                             12,733                  4,119


                                                                                                                             17,034                  9,624


           (c)      Retention receivables were not past due as at 31 March 2018 and 2017, and were settled in accordance with the terms of respective
                    contract.


           (d)      The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.


           (e)      The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate to their fair values as at 31 March 2018 and 2017.




80        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




19. LOAN FROM A RELATED PARTY
      Loan from a related party

                                                                                                                  2018                   2017
                                                                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000


      Name of the related party
      Mr. Ng Wong Kwong (Notes (a)&(b))                                                                                   –                1,600

      Notes:


      (a)      Mr. Ng Wong Kwong is the spouse of Ms. KY Tsui.


      (b)      The balances were denominated in HK$. The loan from the related party was non-trade in nature, unsecured, interest-free, had no fixed
               terms of repayment, but cannot be repaid or reduced without prior notice to the Government of Hong Kong. The Group has obtained
               the Government’s consent to the repayment of such loan. This amount has been fully repaid in June 2017.


20. AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE FINANCIAL ASSET

                                                                                                                  2018                   2017
                                                                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000


      Certificate of deposit

      Unlisted debt investment at fair value                                                                        2,971                       –

      During the year ended 31 March 2018, the gross fair value loss in respect of the Group’s certificate of deposit
      recognised in other comprehensive income amounted to approximately HK$36,000.

      Investment in debt securities with a fixed rate of 1.37% per annum.

      The fair value is within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy (Note 3.3).

21. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                                  2018                   2017
                                                                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000


      Cash at banks                                                                                              103,079                 27,557


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                  103,079                 27,557

      Notes:


      (a)      The cash and cash equivalents are denominated in HK$ as at 31 March 2018 and 2017.


      (b)      Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited                 81
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     22. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                                         Number
                                                                                                                        of shares        Share capital
                                                                                                     Note                                    HK$’000


           Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each

           Authorised:
           On 29 March 2017 (date of incorporation)                                                     b            38,000,000                      380
           Increase in authorised share capital                                                         c         4,962,000,000                   49,620


           As at 31 March 2018                                                                                    5,000,000,000                   50,000


           Issued and fully paid:

           On 29 March 2017 (date of incorporation)                                                     b                     1                        –
           Shares issued upon Reorganisation                                                            d                 9,999                        –
           Shares issued pursuant to the capitalisation issue                                           e           197,990,000                    1,980
           Shares issued pursuant to the share offer                                                    f            66,000,000                      660


           At 31 March 2018                                                                                         264,000,000                    2,640

           Notes:


           (a)      The balance of share capital at 31 March 2017 represents the aggregate of the paid up share capital of the subsidiaries comprising the
                    Group prior to the Reorganisation.


           (b)      Upon incorporation, the authorised share capital of the Company was HK$380,000 divided into 38,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.01
                    each. One share was allotted and issued nil-paid to the subscriber on 29 March 2017, which was then transferred to Profound
                    Contractors Limited (“Profound Contractors”) on the same date.


           (c)      On 13 March 2018, the then shareholders resolved to increase the authorised share capital of the Company from HK$380,000 to
                    HK$50,000,000 by the creation of an additional 4,962,000,000 shares, each ranking pari passu with the shares then in issue in all
                    respects.


           (d)      Pursuant to the Reorganisation and as consideration for the acquisition by the Company of the entire issued share capital of Steer Vision
                    from Profound Contractors, on 8 March 2018, (i) the one nil-paid share held by Profound Contractors was credited as fully paid; and (ii)
                    9,999 new shares were issued and allotted to Profound Contractors, all credited as fully paid, respectively.


           (e)      Pursuant to the written resolutions of the shareholders of the Company passed on 13 March 2018, the Company issued and allotted a
                    total of 197,990,000 ordinary shares of the Company credited as fully paid to the then shareholders of the Company’s shares on the
                    register of members at the close of business on 13 March 2018 by way of capitalisation (“Capitalisation Issue”) of the sum of
                    HK$1,979,900 standing to the credit of the share premium account of the Company.


           (f)      On 29 March 2018, 66,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each were issued to the public at a price of HK$1.50 per share for cash
                    totalling HK$99,000,000 by way of share offer. The excess of issue price over the par value of the shares, net of issuance costs of
                    approximately HK$90,256,000, were credited to the share premium account of the Company.




82        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




23. SHARE OPTION SCHEME
      The Company’s share option scheme (the “Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on 13
      March 2018 as to attract and retain the best available personnel and to provide additional incentive to the
      eligible participants under the Scheme.

      Under the Scheme, the directors of the Company may at their absolute discretion and subject to the terms of
      the Scheme, grant options to any employees (full-time or part-time), directors, consultants or advisors,
      substantial shareholder, distributors, contractors, suppliers, agents, customers, business partners or service
      providers of the Group, to subscribe for shares of the Company. The eligibility of any participants to the grant of
      any options shall be determined by the directors from time to time on the basis of the directors’ opinion as to
      their contribution to the development and growth of the Group.

      The aggregate number of the Company’s shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
      granted and yet to be exercised under the Scheme and any other share options schemes of the Company must
      not exceed 30% of the Company’s shares in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under the
      Scheme or any other share options schemes of the Company if this will result in the limit being exceeded. The
      maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Scheme and any
      other share option schemes of the Company as from the adoption date must not in aggregate exceed 10% of
      all the shares in issue upon the date on which the shares are listed and permitted to be dealt in the Stock
      Exchange. The 10% limit may be refreshed at any time by approval of the Company’s shareholders in general
      meeting provided that the total number of the Company’s shares which may be issued upon exercise of all
      options to be granted under the Scheme and any other share options schemes of the Company must not
      exceed 10% of the Company’s shares in issue as at the date of approval of the refreshed limit.

      The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each participant
      (including both exercised and outstanding options) under the Scheme or any other share option schemes of the
      Company in any 12-month period up to date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the shares of the Company in
      issue. Where any further grant of options to a participant under the Scheme would result in the shares issued
      and to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such participant (including exercised,
      cancelled and outstanding options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant
      representing in aggregate over 1% of the shares in issue, such further grant must be separately approved by
      shareholders of the Company in general meeting with such participant and his/her close associates abstaining
      from voting.

      Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of their
      respective associates must be approval by the independent non-executive directors of the Company (excluding
      any independent non-executive director who is the grantee). Where any share options granted to a substantial
      shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or any of their respective close
      associates would result in the total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options
      already granted and to be granted (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) under the Scheme
      and any other share option schemes of the Company to such person in any 12-month period up to and including
      the date of such grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue and having
      an aggregate value in excess of HK$5 million must be approved by the Company’s shareholders at the general
      meeting of the Company, with voting to be taken by way of poll.




                                                                      Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited         83
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     23. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
           The offer of a grant of share options might be accepted in writing within 7 days from the date of the offer. An
           option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Scheme at any time during a period as the
           directors may determine which shall not exceed ten years from the date of grant subject to the provisions of
           early termination thereof. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable on acceptance of the grant of an option
           with a remittance in favour of the Company within such time as may be specified in the offer (which shall not
           be later than 7 days from the date of the offer).

           The subscription price shall be a price solely determined by the board of directors of the Company and notified
           to a participant and shall be at least the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares as stated in the
           Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the offer date; (ii) the average closing prices of the Company’s
           shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the 5 business days immediately
           preceding the date; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company’s share on the offer date.

           The Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing on 13 March 2018, subject to
           early termination provisions contained in the Scheme.

           No share options were granted since the adoption of the Scheme and there were no share option outstanding
           as at 31 March 2017 and 2018.

     24. FINANCE LEASE LIABILITIES
           At 31 March 2018 and 2017, the Group had finance leases repayable as follows:

                                                                          2018                              2017
                                                                   Present                           Present
                                                                   value of        Total             value of         Total
                                                                  minimum      minimum              minimum      minimum
                                                                      lease        lease                lease        lease
                                                                  payment      payments             payment      payments
                                                                   HK$’000      HK$’000             HK$’000       HK$’000


           Within one year                                                  –               –              18              18


           More than one year but not more
            than two years                                                  –               –               –                –


           More than two years but not more than
            five years                                                      –               –               –                –


                                                                            –                              18              18


           Less: total future interest expense                                              –                                –


           Present value of lease obligations                                               –                              18




84        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




24. FINANCE LEASE LIABILITIES (Continued)
      The carrying amounts of balances of the Group approximate their fair values as at 31 March 2018 and 2017.

      The Group’s motor vehicles with an aggregate net book value of approximately HK$40,000 as at 31 March
      2017 (Note 14) are secured as the rights to the leased assets revert to the lessors in the event of default.

      Finance leases with carrying amounts of approximately HK$18,000 as at 31 March 2017 were guaranteed by
      personal guarantee given by a director of the Company.

      The Group had committed finance lease facilities which bore interest at 2.75% per annum as at 31 March
      2017.

      The carrying amounts of all finance lease liabilities are denominated in HK$.

25. LIABILITIES FOR LONG SERVICE PAYMENTS
      Under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance, the Group is obligated to make lump sum payments on
      cessation of employment in certain circumstances to certain employees who have completed at least five
      years of service with the Group. The amount payable is dependent on the employees’ final salary and years of
      service and is reduced by entitlements accrued under the Group’s retirement plan that are attributable to
      contributions made by the Group. The Group does not set aside any assets to fund any remaining obligations.
      The long service payments are paid out from the Group’s cash at banks when such payments are required.

                                                                                                             Total
                                                                                                           HK$’000


      At 1 April 2016                                                                                            661
      Credited to profit or loss                                                                                  (72)


      At 31 March 2017 and 1 April 2017                                                                          589
      Credited to profit or loss                                                                                  (27)


      At 31 March 2018                                                                                           562




                                                                     Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited       85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     26. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
           The components of deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statements of financial position and
           the movements during the years are as follows:

           Deferred tax liabilities arising from tax depreciation:

                                                                                                                                        Total
                                                                                                                                      HK$’000


           At 1 April 2016                                                                                                                191
           Credited to profit or loss (Note 10)                                                                                          (103)


           At 31 March 2017 and 1 April 2017                                                                                               88
           Credited to profit or loss (Note 10)                                                                                           (73)


           At 31 March 2018                                                                                                                15


     27. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                        2018            2017
                                                                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000


           Trade payables                                                                                                14,665        27,959
           Accruals and other payables                                                                                   20,685         3,760
           Deposits received                                                                                                416             –


                                                                                                                         35,766        31,719

           Notes:


           (a)      Payment terms granted by suppliers are generally 7 to 90 days from the invoice date of the relevant purchases.


                    The ageing analysis of trade payables based on the invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                                                             2018        2017
                                                                                                                         HK$’000       HK$’000


                    0–30 days                                                                                              12,195       16,312
                    31–60 days                                                                                              1,537        1,551
                    61–90 days                                                                                                633          22
                    Over 90 days                                                                                              300       10,074


                                                                                                                           14,665       27,959


           (b)      All trade and other payables are denominated in HK$.


           (c)      The carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximate to their fair values as at 31 March 2018 and 2017.




86        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




28. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      (a)    Reconciliation of profit before income tax to cash generated from/(used in) operations

                                                                                                   2018              2017
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


             Profit before income tax                                                             17,082             32,480
             Adjustments for:
             Depreciation                                                                          1,183              1,326
             Interest expense on finance leases                                                        –                  3
             Interest income                                                                        (115)                 –
             Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                         8                  –
             Fair value gain on available-for-sale financial asset
               (transfer from equity on disposal)                                                     (31)                 –
             Provision for long service payments                                                      (27)               (72)


             Operating profit before working capital changes                                      18,100             33,737
             Increase in gross amounts due from customers for contract work                       (1,422)             (7,007)
             Increase in trade and other receivables                                              (4,589)           (26,967)
             Increase/(Decrease) in trade and other payables                                       4,047            (13,298)
             (Decrease)/Increase in gross amounts due to customers
               for contract work                                                                  (2,466)             1,136


             Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                             13,670            (12,399)


      (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
             The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities. Liabilities arising
             from financing activities are those for which cash flow were, or future cash flows will be classified in the
             Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                     Loan from                       Finance
                                                                      a related    Dividend             lease
                                                                          party     payable        liabilities       Total
                                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000


             At 1 April 2017                                              1,600        15,000               18       16,618
             Changes from financing cash flows                           (1,600)      (15,000)             (18)     (16,618)


             At 31 March 2018                                                 –             –                –             –




                                                                          Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited          87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     29. COMMITMENTS
           Operating lease commitments — Group as lessee
           At the end of the reporting period, the total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating
           leases were payable as follows:

                                                                                                                    2018                 2017
                                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


           Within one year                                                                                              757                1,001
           In the second to fifth years inclusive                                                                       706                    –


                                                                                                                      1,463                1,001

           The Group is the lessee in respect of premises and car park under operating leases. The leases typically run for
           an initial period of 1 to 2 years.

     30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
           Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control, jointly control or exert significant influence over
           the other party in making financial or operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
           subject to common control or joint control. Related parties may be individuals or other entities.

           Save as disclosed in Notes 19 and 32 to this report, the Group had the following significant related party
           transactions during the years:

           (a)    Transactions with related party

                                                                                                                    2018                 2017
                                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000


                  Management fee and rental of office paid to Top Wealthy Limited
                   (‘’Top Wealthy”) (Notes (i) & (ii))                                                                  736                  736

                  Notes:


                  (i)      The management fee and rental expenses for premise payable to the above related party are based on the agreements entered
                           into between the parties involved.


                  (ii)     Top Wealthy is owned by Ms. KY Tsui, Ms. May Ng and Ms. Tang Shuk Ngar, Elli (the spouse of Mr. Benjamin Ng) as to 62.5%,
                           12.5% and 25% respectively.


           (b) The emoluments of the directors and senior executives (representing the key management personnel)
                  during the years are disclosed in Note 8.




88        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




30. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (c)    Guarantee from related party
             At 31 March 2017, finance lease liabilities of approximately HK$18,000 were guaranteed by Mr. Benjamin
             Ng.

      (d) At 31 March 2017, the banking facilities are secured by personal guarantees from Ms. KY Tsui, Ms. May
             Ng and Mr. Benjamin Ng.

      (e)    At 31 March 2018, the bank facilities are secured by corporate guarantee from the Company.

31. SURETY BONDS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      Certain customers of construction contracts undertaken by the Group require the Group to issue guarantees for
      the performance of contract works in the form of surety bonds of approximately HK$30,157,000 (2017:
      HK$22,998,000) as at 31 March 2018. Mr. Ng Wong Kwong, Ms. KY Tsui and Ms. May Ng, have
      unconditionally and irrevocably agreed to indemnify to the insurance companies that issue such surety bonds
      for claims and losses the insurance companies may incur in respect of the bonds. The surety bonds will be
      released when the contracts are completed or substantially completed pursuant to the relevant contract.

      As at 31 March 2018, the Group paid a cash collateral of approximately HK$9,026,000 (2017: HK$7,194,000) to
      the insurance companies for the issuance of surety bonds and are included in other receivables, deposits and
      prepayments (Note 18).

      The Group, in the ordinary course of its business, is involved in various claims, suits, investigations, and legal
      proceedings that arise from time to time. Although the Group does not expect that the outcome in any of these
      legal proceedings, individually or collectively, will have a material adverse effect on its financial position or
      results of operations, litigation is inherently unpredictable. Therefore, the Group could incur judgements or
      enter into settlements of claims that could adversely affect its operating results or cash flows in a particular
      period.

32. AMOUNT DUE FROM ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY
      Amount due from ultimate holding company is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




                                                                      Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited        89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2018




     33. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
         COMPANY
           (a)    Statement of financial position

                                                                                             2018             2017
                                                                             Note          HK$’000          HK$’000


                  ASSETS
                  Non-current assets
                  Investment in a subsidiary                                                      –                –


                  Current assets
                  Amount due from ultimate holding company                    32                  –                –
                  Cash and cash equivalents                                                  91,701                –


                                                                                             91,701                –


                  Total assets                                                               91,701                –


                  EQUITY
                  Capital and reserves
                  Share capital                                                               2,640                –
                  Reserves                                                                   67,997                –


                  Total equity                                                               70,637                –


                  LIABILITIES
                  Current liabilities
                  Other payables                                                              8,870                –
                  Amount due to a subsidiary                                                 12,194                –


                  Total liabilities                                                          21,064                –


                  Total equity and liabilities                                               91,701                –


                  Net current assets                                                         70,637                –


                  Total assets less current liabilities                                      70,637                –

                  The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 29 June
                  2018 and signed on its behalf by:




                  Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin                          Ms. Ng Chung Yan May
                  Director                                         Director



90        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2018




33. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
    COMPANY (Continued)
      (b) Reserve movement

                                                                       Share     Accumulated
                                                                    premium           losses               Total
                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000             HK$’000


             On 29 March 2017 (Date of incorporation)                       –                 –                   –
             Profit and total comprehensive income
               for the period                                               –                 –                   –


             Balance at 31 March 2017                                       –                 –                   –


             Balance at 1 April 2017
             Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year              –           (20,279)          (20,279)
             Shares issued pursuant to the capitalisation issue        (1,980)                –             (1,980)
             Shares issued pursuant to the share offer                 98,340                 –            98,340
             Shares issuance costs                                     (8,084)                –             (8,084)


             Balance at 31 March 2018                                  88,276           (20,279)          67,997




                                                                  Annual Report 2018 Wang Yang Holdings Limited       91
     FINANCIAL SUMMARY


     The financial summary of the Group for the last four years is set as follows:

     RESULTS

                                                                            For the year ended 31 March
                                                                  2018             2017            2016         2015
                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


     Revenue                                                     215,692         184,363          212,488      176,456
     Direct costs                                               (165,019)       (135,106)        (161,735)    (152,869)


     Gross profit                                                 50,673             49,257       50,753       23,587


     Other income and net gains                                      138                   –           88           50
     Administrative and other operating expenses                 (33,729)            (16,774)     (14,796)     (13,239)
     Finance costs                                                     –                  (3)           (6)        (13)


     Profit before income tax                                     17,082             32,480       36,039       10,385
     Income tax expense                                           (6,354)            (5,524)       (5,974)      (1,941)


     Profit for the year                                          10,728             26,956       30,065        8,444
     Other comprehensive expense                                     (36)                 –            –            –


     Total comprehensive income for the year
       attributable to owners of the Company                      10,692             26,956       30,065        8,444

                                                                                     As at 31 March
                                                                  2018             2017            2016         2015
                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


     Non-current assets                                           4,484            2,368           3,678        3,333
     Current assets                                             221,047          136,079         125,648       90,499
     Non-current liabilities                                        577              677             870          738
     Current liabilities                                         37,801           52,225          54,867       49,570


     Equity attributable to owners of the Company               187,153              85,545       73,589       43,524




92       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2018
