CONTENTS
2    Corporate Information

3    Chairman’s Statement

4    Management Discussion and Analysis

7    Biographies of Directors and Senior Management

11   Directors’ Report

23   Corporate Governance Report

34   Environmental, Social and Governance Report

45   Independent Auditors’ Report

49   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
     and Other Comprehensive Income
50   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

52   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

53   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

54   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

104 Financial Summary
    Corporate Information


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                  COMPLIANCE ADVISER
    Non-executive Director                              Grande Capital Limited
                                                        Room 2701, 27/F, Tower 1
    Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (Chairman)
                                                        Admiralty Centre
    Executive Directors                                 18 Harcourt Road, Admiralty
                                                        Hong Kong
    Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin (Chief executive officer)
    Ms. Ng Chung Yan May                                LEGAL ADVISER AS TO HONG KONG LAW
    Independent non-executive Directors                 Adrian Yeung & Cheng
                                                        Suite 1201–2A, 12th Floor
    Mr. Yau Chung Hang
                                                        Golden Centre
    Mr. Pong Kam Keung
                                                        188 Des Voeux Road Central
    Mr. Lo Ki Chiu
                                                        Hong Kong
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                     CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
    Mr. Yau Chung Hang (Chairperson)                     REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
    Mr. Pong Kam Keung
    Mr. Lo Ki Chiu                                      Estera Trust (Cayman) Limited
                                                        PO Box 1350
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                              Clifton House
                                                        75 Fort Street
    Mr. Pong Kam Keung (Chairperson)
                                                        Grand Cayman KY1-1108
    Mr. Yau Chung Hang
                                                        Cayman Islands
    Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin

    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
    Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (Chairperson)
                                                         AND TRANSFER OFFICE
    Mr. Yau Chung Hang                                  Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
    Mr. Lo Ki Chiu                                      2103B, 21/F
                                                        148 Electric Road
    COMPANY SECRETARY                                   North Point
    Mr. Poon Tak Wah                                    Hong Kong

    AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                          AUDITORS
    Ms. Ng Chung Yan May                                HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
    Mr. Poon Tak Wah                                    Certified Public Accountants
                                                        31st Floor, Gloucester Tower
    REGISTERED OFFICE IN CAYMAN ISLANDS                 The Landmark
    PO Box 1350                                         11 Pedder Street, Central
    Clifton House                                       Hong Kong
    75 Fort Street
                                                        PRINCIPAL BANKERS
    Grand Cayman KY1-1108
    Cayman Islands                                      The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
                                                          Corporation Limited
    HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE                    The Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
     OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG                           Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
    Offices E & F, 7th Floor                            COMPANY WEBSITE
    King Palace Plaza
                                                        www.wangyang.com.hk
    No. 55 King Yip Street
    Kwun Tong                                           STOCK CODE
    Kowloon
    Hong Kong                                           1735




2       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


Dear Shareholders,

On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Wang Yang Holdings Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”), I would like to present to our shareholders (“Shareholders”) the
annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2019 (the “Period”).

It was a difficult and challenging year for the Group. The Group’s performance was vulnerable to various external
factors, such as, the Government’s investment in infrastructure and property construction projects, tight labour
supply and increase in costs of labour and raw materials. Revenue decreased by approximately 7.6%, from
approximately HK$215.7 million for the year ended 31 March 2018 (the “Previous Period”) to approximately
HK$199.2 million for the Period. Gross profits decreased substantially by 84.3% from approximately HK$50.7 million
for the Previous Period to approximately HK$8.0 million for the Period. This caused the Group to end the Period with
a net loss of approximately HK$10.8 million as compared to a net profit of approximately HK$10.7 million for the
Previous Period. The Group’s business performance for the Period is further explained in the section “Management
Discussion and Analysis”.

Looking ahead, our Group will apply more prudent approach in project selection and cost control to maintain our
competitiveness in the industry. The Group will continue to strive for sustainable income and balanced growth, and
achieve sustainable gains for our Shareholders. We will keep reviewing the working capital level on an on-going basis
in order to achieve our objective and, at the same time, be mindful of the regulatory reporting and compliance
requirements. With the promotion of the Group’s operating subsidiary, Wise Trend Engineering Limited, to the
Approved Contractor List in the building category to Group A from Group A (probationary status) maintained by the
Development Bureau in March 2019, we are confident in maintaining competitiveness. Besides, with the resources
from the Listing of the Company’s shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on 29 March 2018 (the
“Listing”), we are prepared to capture more future opportunities for maximizing our Shareholders’ value.

Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our Shareholders, customers, business
associates and subcontractors for your continuous support to us. I would also send my warmest thanks to all our
management of and staff members for your hard work and dedication during the Period.




TSUI Kwok Ying
Chairman
Hong Kong, 31 May 2019




                                                                    Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited     3
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    BUSINESS REVIEW
    Our Group is a contractor in Hong Kong undertaking (i) foundation works which include piling works, excavation and
    lateral support works, and pile cap construction; (ii) superstructure works which include building works in relation to
    the parts of the structure above the ground level; and (iii) other construction works such as demolition works, site
    formation works, ground investigation works, minor works, hoarding works, A&A works and fitting-out works. All
    revenue for the Period was derived from the contracts of the construction works.

    The Listing of our Shares was on 29 March 2018 (the “Listing Date”).

    As at 31 March 2019, we had 6 contracts on hand with a total original contract value of approximately HK$336.8
    million. As at 31 March 2018, we had 18 contracts on hand with a total original contract value of approximately
    HK$724.8 million.

    The general outlook for the industry is that growth depends on the support by Government investment in
    infrastructure and property construction projects. The year ended 31 March 2019 was a year full of challenges to the
    industry and the Group. The fierce competition within the market coupled with tight labour supply and increased
    costs of labour and raw materials affected the Group’s success in the tenders as well as the gross profit and gross
    profit margin of the projects. The Directors are of the view that the business environment in which the Group
    operates becomes tough and the Group’s gross profit and gross profit margin will continue under pressure from low
    bidding price on the tenders, which will in turn affect the business performance of the Group. Nevertheless, with the
    promotion of the Group’s operating subsidiary, Wise Trend Engineering Limited, to the Approved Contractor List in
    the building category to Group A from Group A (probationary status) maintained by the Development Bureau in
    March 2019, the Group is still confident in maintaining our competitiveness and the Directors will closely monitor the
    market in order to respond to changes in the market conditions.

    FINANCIAL REVIEW
    Revenue
    The revenue of the Group for the Period amounted to approximately HK$199.2 million, i.e. about 7.6% less than that
    of approximately HK$215.7 million for the Previous Period. Such decline was mainly attributable to the decrease in
    the number of projects commenced during the Period as well as variation orders and prolonged completion periods
    of existing projects.

    Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
    The gross profit of the Group for the Period amounted to approximately HK$8.0 million, representing a notable
    decrease of approximately 84.3% as compared to the Previous Period. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease
    in revenue for the Period as discussed above and an overall increase in direct costs as a result of (i) additional works
    with variation orders for the project at the Waterloo Road but the amount of such variation orders is still under
    negotiation with the relevant customer; (ii) prolonged completion periods of works for the project at Island Road due
    to change in building plans; and (iii) extra costs incurred due to unexpected complexity arose from construction
    works for the projects at the Carpenter Road, the Waterloo Road and the Lau Fau Shan. The Group’s gross profit
    margin for the Period was approximately 4.0%, showing a decrease as compared with approximately 23.5% for the
    Previous Period. The decrease in gross profit margin was mainly caused by increase in direct costs for the Period as
    discussed above.

    Other Income and Net Gains/(Losses)
    Other income and net gains/(losses) mainly comprise interest income from fixed deposit placed with banks. During
    the Period, other income amounted to approximately HK$1.5 million (Previous Period: approximately HK$138,000).

    Administrative and Other Operating Expenses
    The administrative and other operating expenses of the Group for the Period amounted to approximately HK$18.9
    million, representing a decrease of approximately 44.1% compared with approximately HK$33.7 million for the
    Previous Period, mainly due to the recognition of the Listing expenses in the Previous Period of approximately
    HK$18.9 million as compared to nil for the Period.



4       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Income Tax Expense
Income tax expense decreased by approximately 77.3% from approximately HK$6.4 million for the Previous Period
to approximately HK$1.4 million for the Period. Such decrease was mainly due to (i) decrease in gross profit for the
Period as discussed above and (ii) tax effect of the non-deductible Listing expenses incurred for the Previous Period.

Net (Loss)/Profit
As a result of the aforesaid, and in particular the substantial decrease in gross profit, the Group reported a net loss
for the Period of approximately HK$10.8 million, while the Group reported net profit of approximately HK$10.7 million
for the Previous Period.

LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The Group has funded the liquidity for the Period and capital requirements primarily through capital contributions and
cash inflow generated from operating activities.

As at 31 March 2019, the Group had cash and bank balances of approximately HK$62.6 million (31 March 2018:
approximately HK$103.1 million). The decrease was mainly due to (i) usage of the net proceeds received from the
Listing; (ii) the decrease in trade and other payables of approximately HK$9.0 million as at 31 March 2019 compared
to 31 March 2018 and (iii) the payment of collateral of surety bonds for projects newly awarded of approximately
HK$6.7 million for the Period.

As at 31 March 2019, the share capital and equity attributable to owners of the Company amounted to approximately
HK$2.6 million and HK$170.9 million (31 March 2018: approximately HK$2.6 million and HK$184.5 million
respectively).

The current ratio increased from 5.8 times as at 31 March 2018 to 7.0 times as at 31 March 2019 mainly due to
decrease in trade and other payables during the Period.

Foreign Exchange Risk
The Group mainly operates in Hong Kong. All operating transactions and revenue were settled in Hong Kong dollars
and the Group’s assets and liabilities are denominated in Hong Kong dollars. With nearly no portion of monetary
transactions and assets denominated in foreign currencies, the Group did not engage in any derivatives agreement
and did not commit to any financial instrument to hedge its foreign exchange exposure during the Period as well as
during the Previous Period.

Significant Investment, Material Acquisitions and Disposal of Subsidiaries and Associates
Companies
During the Period, the Group did not have any significant investments held or any material acquisitions or disposals
of subsidiaries or associated companies.

EMPLOYEES
The Group had 42 employees (including full-time and casual employees who are paid on a daily basis) as at 31 March
2019 (31 March 2018: 43). Total staff costs included directors’ emoluments for the Period amounted to
approximately HK$24.0 million (Previous Period: approximately HK$22.8 million), salaries, wages and other staff
benefits, contributions and retirement schemes, provisions for staff long service payment and untaken paid leave.
The remuneration policy and package of the Group’s employees are periodically reviewed. Apart from mandatory
provident fund and job training programs, salaries increment and discretionary bonuses may be awarded to
employment according to the Group’s operating results, the assessment of individual performance and market
situation, and approved by the Board.


                                                                     Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited      5
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
    The Group had no capital commitments as at 31 March 2019 and 31 March 2018.

    CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
    Our subsidiary, Wise Trend Engineering Limited, is involved in a civil litigation, the details of which have been
    disclosed in the section headed “Business — Litigation and potential claims — Ongoing litigation with a customer”
    of the Prospectus. The civil litigation is ongoing as at the date of this report. Besides, our subsidiaries are involved in
    a number of potential claims relating to employees’ compensation cases and personal injuries claims as well as
    summonses for safety-related incidents in the ordinary course of business as at the date of this report. The Directors
    considered that the possibility of any outflow in settling (i) the potential personal injuries claims was remote as these
    claims were well covered by insurance; and (ii) the summonses will be insignificant to the business of the Group.
    Accordingly, no provision for the contingent liabilities in respect of the potential personal injuries claims and the
    summonses is necessary after due consideration of each case. Save as disclosed above, the Group had no material
    contingent liabilities as at 31 March 2019 (31 March 2018: nil).

    USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING
    The Shares of the Company have been listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange since the Listing Date. The
    total net proceeds (the “Net Proceeds”) from the initial public offering amounted to approximately HK$73.5 million.
    The Net Proceeds were applied by our Group in accordance with the disclosure as set out in the section headed
    “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” of the Prospectus. The below table sets out the use of the Net Proceeds and
    the unused amount from the Listing Date up to 31 March 2019:

                                                                                            Actual use
                                                                                                of the
                                                                                        Net Proceeds
                                                                          Planned use        from the      Unused
                                                                                of the Listing Date to amount Up to
                                                                         Net Proceeds 31 March 2019 31 March 2019
                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


    Hiring of additional staff                                                  11,600              1,553             10,047
    Acquisition of additional machinery and equipment                           54,900              8,760             46,140
    General Working Capital                                                      7,000              7,000                  –


                                                                                73,500             17,313             56,187

    The Net Proceeds that were not applied immediately have been placed in the short-term demand deposits with
    licensed banks in Hong Kong as at the date of this report.

    FINAL DIVIDEND
    The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Period (Previous Period: nil).

    EVENTS AFTER THE PERIOD
    The Directors confirm that there was no significant event relevant to the business or financial performance of the
    Group that came to the attention of the Directors after the Period and up to the date of this annual report.




6       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Biographies of Directors and Senior
Management

Biographical details of the Directors and Senior Management are set out as follows:

Non-executive Director
Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (徐幗英), aged 79, is a non-executive Director, our Chairman and the chairperson of our
nomination committee. Ms. Tsui is one of our Controlling Shareholders and also a director of Wise Trend Engineering
Limited (“Wise Trend Engineering”), Build Wise Limited (“Build Wise”), United Prosperous Limited (“United
Prosperous”), Grand Basework Limited (“Grand Basework”), Prosperous Contractors Limited (“Prosperous
Contractors”), Steer Vision Limited (“Steer Vision”) and Profound Contractors Limited (“Profound Contractors”).
Profound Contractors is one of our Controlling Shareholders. Ms. Tsui is primarily responsible for giving strategic
advice and guidance on the business and operation of our Group.

Ms. Tsui has accumulated over 15 years of experience in the operation and management of the Group’s engineering
business in Hong Kong through her directorship in Wise Trend Engineering since August 2002. Ms. Tsui is the
mother of Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin (who is an executive Director and Chief Executive Officer) and Ms. Ng Chung
Yan May (who is an executive Director). She is the spouse of Mr. Ng Wong Kwong, a member of the senior
management.

Executive Directors
Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin (吳志斌), aged 53, is an executive Director, our Chief Executive Officer and a member of
our remuneration committee. He is primarily responsible for formulating overall business development strategy,
project planning, budgeting, contract administration, overseeing execution of the projects and managing quality
management system of our Group. Mr. Benjamin Ng is one of the founders of our Group and he was appointed a
director of Wise Trend Engineering in September 1996. He is currently a director of Wise Trend Engineering, Wise
Trend Construction & Engineering, Build Wise, United Prosperous, Grand Basework, Steer Vision and Profound
Contractors. Mr. Benjamin Ng holds a degree of Bachelor of Engineering from Manchester Metropolitan University
(formerly known as Manchester Polytechnic) in the United Kingdom and a degree of Master of Science in Facility
Management from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University.

Mr. Benjamin Ng had been a shareholder and director of Wise Trend Engineering from September 1996 to June
2000. He rejoined our Group in February 2008 when he was appointed a director of Wise Trend Engineering and
Wise Trend Construction & Engineering up to present.

Mr. Benjamin Ng is the son of Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (a non-executive Director and Chairman of our Board) and Mr. Ng
Wong Kwong (a member of our senior management). He is the elder brother of Ms. Ng Chung Yan May who is an
executive Director.




                                                                   Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited    7
    Biographies of Directors and Senior
    Management

    Ms. Ng Chung Yan May (吳頌恩), aged 52, is our executive Director. Ms. May Ng is also a director of Wise Trend
    Engineering, Wise Trend Construction, Build Wise, United Prosperous, Grand Basework, Steer Vision and Profound
    Contractors. She is primarily responsible for formulating overall business development strategy, execution of daily
    management and administration of our business and operations of our Group.

    Ms. May Ng has assumed the role of administration manager of Wise Trend Construction & Engineering Limited
    since September 2014. Ms. May Ng is currently a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified
    Accountants. She is also a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since January 2003
    and was accredited as an authorized supervisor to train prospective members of the Institute for the period from
    March 2013 to June 2019. She is registered under the Education Ordinance (Chapter 279 of the Laws of Hong Kong)
    as an independent manager of the Incorporated Management Committee of Sheng Kung Hui Lui Ming Choi
    Secondary School for the period from January 2016 to August 2019.

    Ms. May Ng is the daughter of Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (a non-executive Director and Chairman of our Board) and Mr. Ng
    Wong Kwong (a member of our senior management). She is the younger sister of Mr. Benjamin Ng who is an
    executive Director and our Chief Executive Officer.

    Independent non-executive Directors
    Mr. Yau Chung Hang (邱仲珩), aged 46, is an independent non-executive Director appointed by our Company on 13
    March 2018. Mr. Yau is also the chairperson of the audit committee and a member of remuneration committee and
    nomination committee of our Company.

    Mr. Yau has over 20 years of experience in finance and accounting. Mr. Yau is currently an independent non-
    executive director of Shuang Yun Holdings Limited (stock code: 1706) from October 2017, a company listed on the
    Main Board of The Stock Exchange, which engages in roadworks services and construction machinery rental services
    in Singapore. Mr. Yau is also an executive director of Tokyo Chuo Auction Holdings Limited (stock code: 1939) from
    September 2018, a company listed on Main Board of the Stock Exchange, which engages in artwork auction
    business in both Japan and Hong Kong. Mr. Yau had been appointed as an independent non-executive director of
    ABC Communications (Holdings) Limited (now known as Ban Loong Holdings Limited), a company listed on the Main
    Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 30) from May 2013 to October 2014.

    Mr. Yau obtained a Higher Diploma in Accountancy from the City University of Hong Kong in November 1995. He
    holds a degree of Bachelor of Arts in Accountancy from the University of Bolton, the United Kingdom in August
    2005. He has been a fellow member of The Association of Chartered Certified Accountants since December 2006
    and a member of Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants since April 2002.




8       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Biographies of Directors and Senior
Management

Prof. Pong Kam Keung (龐錦強), aged 57, is an independent non-executive Director appointed by our Company on
13 March 2018. Prof. Pong is also the chairperson of the remuneration committee and a member of audit committee
of our Company.

Prof. Pong is currently an independent non-executive director of FSM Holdings Limited (stock code: 1721) from June
2018, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, which is a sheet metal facilitator with a focus on
precision engineering and a precision machine service provider in Singapore, an independent non-executive director
of HKE Holdings Limited (stock code: 1726) from March 2018, a company listed on the Main Board of The Stock
Exchange which provides integrated design and building services for hospitals and clinics in Singapore, and an
independent non-executive Director of Shuang Yun Holdings Limited (stock code: 1706) from October 2017, a
company listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange which engages in roadworks services and construction
machinery rental services in Singapore. Prof. Pong is an executive director of Star Properties Group (Cayman Islands)
Limited (stock code: 1560) from September 2018, a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange in
Hong Kong which engages in property development of industrial building for sale and rental in Hong Kong, which
Prof. Pong was a non-executive director from June 2016 to August 2018. Prof. Pong was also an executive director
of Sundart Holdings Limited (stock code: 1568) from December 2015 to February 2018, a company listed on the
Main Board of the Stock Exchange which engages in integrated fitting-out works in Hong Kong and Macau. Prof.
Pong is also an adjunct professor in the Division of Environment of The Hong Kong University of Science and
Technology from December 2013.

Prof. Pong holds a degree of Bachelor of Science in Building Surveying from the Thames Polytechnic, United
Kingdom in June 1989, a degree of Master of Science in Property Investment from the City University of London,
United Kingdom in December 1993, a degree of Bachelor of Laws through a distance learning program from the
University of Wolverhampton, United Kingdom in September 1995, a Postgraduate Certificate in Laws from the
University of Hong Kong in June 1997, a degree of Master of Science in Urban Planning from the University of Hong
Kong in December 2005 and a degree of Master of Corporate Governance from the Hong Kong Polytechnic
University in October 2008. Prof. Pong is an authorised person (list of surveyors) and has renewed his registration
with the Building Authority since September 2015. Prof. Pong is a certified tax adviser of The Taxation Institute of
Hong Kong from January 2015. Prof. Pong has been a fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Construction Managers
since August 2016, the Hong Kong Institute of Facility Management since July 2000, the Hong Kong Institute of
Surveyors since November 2000, the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators since January 2001, the Royal Institution of
Chartered Surveyor since January 2006 and the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries since October 2012.

Mr. Lo Ki Chiu (盧其釗), aged 34, is an independent non-executive Director appointed by our company on 13 March
2018. Mr. Lo is also a member of audit committee and nomination committee of our Company. Mr. Lo is currently
the managing director of Wealth Property Agency Limited. He is also an independent non-executive director of Yield
Go Holdings Limited (stock code: 1796) from December 2018, a company listed on the Main Board of The Stock
Exchange which provides fitting-out services.

Mr. Lo holds a degree of Bachelor of Arts in Physical Education and Recreation Management from the Hong Kong
Baptist University, as well as a degree of Master of Science in International Banking and Finance and a degree of
Master of Philosophy in Economics from the Lingnan University. Mr. Lo is a Ph. D candidate majoring in Physical
Education in the Hong Kong Baptist University which was approved in September 2015.




                                                                    Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited     9
     Biographies of Directors and Senior
     Management

     Senior Management
     Mr. Ng Wong Kwong (吳宏光), aged 82, is the Technical Director of our Group. He is primarily responsible for
     overseeing technical engineering-related matters of our Group. Mr. Ng Wong Kwong is one of the founders of our
     Group and he has been appointed a director of Wise Trend Engineering since September 1996. Mr. Ng Wong Kwong
     has been the Technical Director and an Authorised Signatory of Wise Trend Engineering since Wise Trend
     Engineering has been registered in the register of the general building contractors and the register of specialist
     contractors maintained by the Buildings Department.

     Mr. Ng Wong Kwong graduated with a Degree of Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering from Chu Hai University,
     Taiwan in July 1960. He obtained membership of The American Society of Civil Engineers in May 1976. Mr. Ng
     Wong Kwong has accumulated over 50 years of experience in practising as an engineer in the construction industry.

     Mr. Ng Wong Kwong is the spouse of Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying, our non-executive Director and Chairman of the Board.
     Mr. Ng Wong Kwong is also the father of Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin (our executive Director and Chief Executive
     Officer) and the father of Ms. Ng Chung Yan May (our executive Director).

     Mr. Poon Tak Wah (潘達華), aged 48, is the financial controller and company secretary of our Group. He is mainly
     responsible for overseeing the financial operation and overall corporate governance of our Group. Mr. Poon has been
     appointed a director of Wise Trend Construction & Engineering since May 2014.

     Mr. Poon holds a degree of Bachelor of Arts in Accountancy and Finance from the Heriot-Watt University in the
     United Kingdom and a Postgraduate Diploma in Professional Accounting from the Hong Kong Baptist University. He
     is currently a certified public accountant of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and an associate
     member of The Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales.

     Mr. Fung Hing Yip David (馮興業), aged 45, is the technical manager of our Group. Mr. Fung joined our Group in
     May 2010 and is mainly responsible for overseeing design and construction of our projects. Mr. Fung has been
     appointed a director of Wise Trend Engineering since February 2016. Mr. Fung holds a Degree of Bachelor of
     Engineering (Civil) from The University of Warwick in the United Kingdom. Mr. Fung is a member of the Institute of
     Structural Engineers and is entitled to the designation of Chartered Structural Engineer in November 2000. Mr. Fung
     is admitted as a Chartered Civil Engineer and a member of The Institution of Civil Engineers in December 2000. He
     has been a Chartered Engineer since May 2001. In November 2010, Mr. Fung was admitted as a member of The
     Hong Kong Institution of Engineers and he has been registered in the Engineer Registration Board in the discipline of
     structural engineering.

     Mr. Leung Kin Pong Brondson (梁健邦), aged 41, is the senior project manager of our Group. He is mainly
     responsible for overall design and supervision of our foundation works, managing quality management system and
     corresponding submission with the Government departments. Mr. Leung holds a Higher Diploma in Civil Engineering
     from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University and a Degree of Bachelor of Engineering in Civil and Structural
     Engineering from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University.




10       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The Board is pleased to present the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the Period (the “Financial Statements”).

CORPORATE REORGANISATION
The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on 29 March 2017. The Company
completed the corporate reorganisation (the “Reorganisation”) on 8 March 2018 in preparation for the Listing,
pursuant to which the Company became the holding company of the companies now comprising our Group. Details
of the Reorganisation are set out in the section headed “History and Development — Reorganisation” in the
Prospectus. The Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on 29 March 2018 by way of share offer.

The Company is domiciled in Hong Kong and has a principal place of business at Offices E & F, 7th Floor, King Palace
Plaza, No. 55 King Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in Note 11 to
the Financial Statements. There were no significant changes in the nature of the Group’s principal activities during
the Period.

SUBSIDIARIES
Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries during the Period are set out in Note 11 to the Financial
Statements.

BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review and outlook of the Group for the Period are set out in the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis” on pages 4 to 6 of this annual report.

SEGMENTAL INFORMATION
Details of segment reporting are set out in Note 5 to the Financial Statements.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the Period and the financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2019 are set out in the
Financial Statements on pages 49 to 51 of this annual report.

FINAL DIVIDENDS
The Board does not recommend the payment of final dividend for the Period (Previous Period: Nil).

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The annual general meeting (the “AGM”) will be held on Friday, 2 August 2019. A notice convening the meeting will
be issued and sent to the Shareholders in due course.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
In order to establish entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM to be held on Friday, 2 August 2019, the register of
members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 29 July 2019 to Friday, 2 August 2019, both days inclusive,
during which period no transfer of Shares will be effected. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, all
transfer of Shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the
Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited, at 2103B, 21/F, 148
Electric Road, North Point, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 26 July 2019.




                                                                    Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited      11
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     KEY RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     The Group’s financial condition, results of operation, business and prospects may be affected by a number of risks
     and uncertainties. The followings are the key risk and uncertainties identified by the Group relating to our business:

     A significant portion of our revenue was generated from contracts awarded by a limited number
     of customers and any significant decrease in the number of projects with our major customers
     may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results
     A significant portion of our revenue was derived from a limited number of customers during the Period. There is no
     assurance that we will continue to obtain contracts from our major customers, and we are unable to secure suitable
     projects of a comparable size and quantity as replacements from other customers, our financial condition and
     operating results would be materially and adversely affected. In addition, in the event that our major customers
     experience any liquidity problem, this may result in delay or default of payments to us, in which case, the business,
     financial positions and prospects of our Group could be materially and adversely affected.

     Our revenue mainly relies on successful tenders of foundation works and superstructure buildings
     works projects which are not recurrent in nature, and there is no guarantee that our customers
     will provide us with the new business
     During the Period, our revenue was mainly derived from foundation works and superstructure buildings works
     projects in Hong Kong which were awarded to us on successful tender. Our future growth and success will depend
     on our ability to continue to secure tender and contract awards. In addition, our business is contract-based and on a
     non-recurring basis. We secured our foundations works and superstructure buildings works projects through
     competitive tender process. We do not have long-term commitment with our customers and our customers are
     therefore under no obligation to award projects to us. As such, there is no guarantee that we will be able to secure
     new business from customers. Accordingly, the number and scale of projects and the amount of revenue we are
     able to derive therefrom may vary significantly from period to period, and it may be difficult to forecast the volume of
     future business.

     The Group makes estimation of our project costs in our tenders and any failure to accurately
     estimate the costs involved and/or delay in completion of any project may lead to cost overruns
     or even result in losses
     The Group’s ability to submit tender proposal at a competitive price with adequate profit margin and maintain our
     profitability depends on various factors. We determine the tender price by taking into account factors including the
     scope and complexity of the project, site conditions, project time frame, estimated construction materials costs,
     labour and machinery requirement and capacity, extent of subcontracted works required, our relationship with
     customers and prevailing market conditions. In addition, our Group may be subject to liquidated damages due to
     delay in completing the projects, calculated on the basis of a fixed sum per day or according to certain damages
     calculating mechanism as stipulated under the contract for the period which the works remain incomplete. Any
     material inaccurate estimation in the time and costs involved in a project may give rise to delays in completion of
     works and/or costs overruns, which in turn may materially and adversely affect our Group’s financial condition,
     profitability and liquidity.




12       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
DIRECTORS’ REPORT


FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last 5 financial years, as set out on page
104 of this report, are extracted from this report and the prospectus of the Company dated 19 March 2018.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Period are set out in Note 13 to
the Financial Statements.

SHARE CAPITAL
The Company’s total issued share capital as at 31 March 2019 was 264,000,000 ordinary Shares of HK$0.01 per
Share.

The Company did not issue any shares during the Period. Details of movements during the Period in the share capital
of the Company are set out in Note 21 to the Financial Statements.

DEBENTURES
The Company did not issue any debenture during the Period.

RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Group during the Period are set out in the consolidated statement of
changes in equity on page 52 of this annual report.

As at 31 March 2019, the Company has reserves amounted to approximately HK$64 million available for distribution
(2018: approximately HK$68 million).

DIRECTORS
The Directors who held office during the Period and up to the date of this annual report are:

Non-executive Director
Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (Chairman)

Executive Directors
Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Ng Chung Yan May

Independent non-executive Directors
Mr. Yau Chung Hang
Mr. Pong Kam Keung
Mr. Lo Ki Chiu

The biographical details of the Directors are set out on pages 7 to 9 of this annual report.




                                                                       Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited    13
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACT
     Each of the Directors has entered into an appointment contract with the Company for a term of two years
     commencing from the Listing Date of the Company, unless terminated by not less than one month’s notice in writing
     served by either party on the other.

     Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors, including those to be re-elected at the forth coming annual general
     meeting has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable within one year without payment of
     compensation, other than statutory compensation.

     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
     The Company has received annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent non-executive
     Directors pursuant to the Listing Rules. The Company considers the independent non-executive Directors to be
     independent pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     No contracts, other than the appointment contracts and employment contracts, concerning the management and
     administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed
     during the Period.

     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTEREST IN SECURITIES
     As at 31 March 2019, the interest and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
     Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of the associated corporations (within the meaning
     of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong (the “SFO”)) which have
     been notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
     any interest or short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which,
     pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, have been entered in the register referred to therein, or have been, pursuant to
     the Model Code, notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange were as follow:

     (i)    Long position in the Shares

                                                                                     Number of
                                                                                    Shares held/        Percentage of
             Name of Director               Capacity/Nature of Interest               interested         shareholding


             Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying             Interest in controlled corporation/       198,000,000                 75%
                                              interest held jointly with other
                                              persons (Note 1)

             Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin        Interest in controlled corporation/       198,000,000                 75%
                                              interest held jointly with other
                                              persons (Note 2)

             Ms. Ng Chung Yan May           Interest in controlled corporation/       198,000,000                 75%
                                              interest held jointly with other
                                              persons (Note 3)




14         Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
DIRECTORS’ REPORT


       Notes:


       1.       These 198,000,000 Share are held by Profound Contractors Limited. Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying beneficially owns 62.5% of the entire issued
                share capital of Profound Contractors Limited, which in turn beneficially owns 46.875% shareholding in the Company. Therefore, Ms.
                Tsui Kwok Ying is deemed, or taken to be, interested in all our Shares held by Profound Contractors Limited for the purpose of the SFO.
                Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying is the chairman, an non-executive Director and the chairperson of the Nomination Committee of the Company. Ms.
                Tsui Kwok Ying is also a director of Profound Contractors Limited.


       2.       These 198,000,000 Share are held by Profound Contractors Limited. Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin beneficially owns 25% of the entire
                issued share capital of Profound Contractors Limited, which in turn beneficially owns 18.75% shareholding in the Company. Therefore,
                Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin is deemed, or taken to be, interested in all our Shares held by Profound Contractors Limited for the purpose
                of the SFO. Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin is an executive Director and the chief executive officer of the Company. Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin
                is also a director of Profound Contractors Limited.


       3.       These 198,000,000 Share are held by Profound Contractors Limited. Ms. Ng Chung Yan May beneficially owns 12.5% of the entire
                issued share capital of Profound Contractors Limited, which in turn beneficially owns 9.375% shareholding in the Company. Therefore,
                Ms. Ng Chung Yan May is deemed, or taken to be, interested in all our Shares held by Profound Contractors Limited for the purpose of
                the SFO. Ms. Ng Chung Yan May is an executive Director of the Company. Ms. Ng Chung Yan May is also a director of Profound
                Contractors Limited.


(ii)   Long position in the ordinary shares of associated corporation

                                          Name of associated                                                        Number of       Percentage of
        Name of Director                  corporation                           Capacity/Nature                    shares held       shareholding


        Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying                Profound Contractors Limited          Beneficial owner                          6,250              62.5%

        Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin Profound Contractors Limited                    Beneficial owner                          2,500                25%

        Ms. Ng Chung Yan May              Profound Contractors Limited          Beneficial owner                          1,250              12.5%

Substantial shareholders’ interests and short positions in Shares and underlying Shares
As at 31 March 2019, so far as is known to the Directors, the following persons (not being a Director or chief
executive of the Company) had interest or short position in Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be
disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provision of Division 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or
as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to the Section 336 of the SFO, or which
would be directly or indirectly interested in 5% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital carrying
rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of the Company or any other members of the Group.

                                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                                        Shares held/              Percentage of
 Name of Shareholder                                Capacity/Nature of Interest                         Interested in              shareholding


 Profound Contractors Limited                       Beneficial Interest                                  198,000,000                           75%

 Mr. Ng Wong Kwong (Note 1)                         Spouse Interest                                      198,000,000                           75%

 Ms. Tang Shuk Ngar Elli (Note 2)                   Spouse Interest                                      198,000,000                           75%

 Mr. Tsang Wai Kuen (Note 3)                        Spouse Interest                                      198,000,000                           75%




                                                                                        Annual Report 2019       Wang Yang Holdings Limited               15
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Notes:


     1.       Mr. Ng Wong Kwong is the spouse of Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying. Accordingly, Mr. Ng Wong Kwong is deemed, or taken to be interested in all
              198,000,000 Shares in which Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying is interested for the purpose of the SFO.


     2.       Ms. Tang Shuk Ngar Elli is the spouse of Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin. Accordingly, Ms. Tang Shuk Ngar Elli is deemed, or taken to be interested
              in all 198,000,000 Shares in which Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin is interested for the purpose of the SFO.


     3.       Mr. Tsang Wai Kuen is the spouse of Ms. Ng Chung Yan May. Accordingly, Mr. Tsang Wai Kuen is deemed, or taken to be interested in all
              198,000,000 Shares in which Ms. Ng Chung Yan May is interested for the purpose of the SFO.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 March 2019, the Directors were not aware of any person or corporation (other than
     the Directors and the chief executives) who had any interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of
     the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 or Part XV
     of the SFO, or pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, which would have to be recorded in the register referred to
     therein.

     ARRANGEMENTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Save as disclosed under the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests in Securities” above and
     the paragraph headed “Share Option Scheme” below, at no time during the Period were rights to acquire benefits by
     means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their respective
     spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the Company, its
     holdings company, or and any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, a party to any arrangement to enable the
     Directors, or their respective spouse of children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights by means of the
     acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company of any other body corporate.

     DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS,
     ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Connected Transactions/Continuing Connected Transactions” in this report
     and save as disclosed under the “Related Party Transactions” in Note 28 to the Financial Statements, there were no
     transaction, arrangement or contract of significance, to which the company any of its subsidiaries, its parent
     company, or its parent company’s subsidiaries was a party, and in which a Director of any entity connected with a
     Director had a material interest, whether directly and indirectly, subsisted as at 31 March 2019 or any time during the
     Period, nor was there any other transaction, arrangement or contract of significance in relation to the Group’s
     business between the Company or any of the Company’s subsidiaries and a controlling shareholder or any of its
     subsidiaries.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
     Pursuant to articles of association of the Company, every Directors shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the
     assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of
     the duties of his/her office or otherwise in relation thereto.

     The Company has maintained appropriate directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in respect of legal actions against
     them arising out of corporate activities and such permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors
     currently in force.




16        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
DIRECTORS’ REPORT


MAJOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS
For the Period, the aggregate purchase attributable to the Group’s largest supplier and the five largest suppliers in
aggregate accounted for approximately 10.2% and 42.6% (2018: approximately 15.5% and 44.8%) respectively of
the Group’s total purchases for the Period. Revenue attributable to the Group’s largest customer and the five largest
customers in aggregate accounted for approximately 34.3% and 88.2% (2018: approximately 20.4% and 64.5%)
respectively of the Group’s total revenue for the Period.

To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, none of the Directors, their associates or any shareholders (which, to the
best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the number of issued shares capital of the Company) had
an interest in the Group’s five largest suppliers or customers.

KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND OTHERS
Employees
The Group recognizes employees as its valuable assets. The Group provides competitive remuneration package to
attract, motivate and retain appropriate and suitable personnel to serve the Group. The Group has also adopted an
annual review system to assess the performance of its staff, which forms the basis of the Group’s decisions with
respect to salary raises and promotions.

Customers
A majority of the Group’s five largest customers have long-standing business relationship with the Group for a period
ranging from approximately 1 to 11 years and the Group will therefore endeavor to accommodate their demand for
the Group’s services to the extent its resources allow in order to capture more opportunities for larger scale projects
in the future. The Group’s experience as a quality contractor in handling foundation works and superstructure building
works also give business advantage to the Group’s customers to ensure projects are executive in accordance with
their quality standard.

Suppliers and subcontractors
The Group encompasses working relationships with suppliers and subcontractors to meet the Group’s customers’
needs in an effective and efficient manner. The Group has set up an approved list of suppliers and it selects the
suppliers from the list based on the quality of materials, timeliness of delivery, previous experience and length of
partnership with the suppliers, competitiveness of the price offered and reputation of the suppliers.

Subject to the Group’s capacity, resources level, types of construction works, costs effectiveness and complexity of
the projects, the Group may subcontract certain works to other subcontractors. The Group maintains an internal list
of approved subcontractors and carefully evaluate the performance of its subcontractors and selects them based on
the experience, quality of works, timeliness of completion for past projects, reputation in the industry, past
performances, costs and the Group’s relationship with them.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES
The Group’s operations at work sites are subject to certain environmental requirements pursuant to the laws of Hong
Kong. The laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group include, among others, Air Pollution
Control Ordinance (Chapter 311 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Air Pollution Control (Non-road Mobile Machinery)
(Emission) Regulation (Chapter 311Z of the Laws of Hong Kong), Noise Control Ordinance (Chapter 400 of the Laws
of Hong Kong), Water Pollution Control Ordinance (Chapter 358 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Waste Disposal
Ordinance (Chapter 354 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Waste Disposal (Charges for Disposal of Construction Waste)
Regulation.




                                                                     Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited      17
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     In order to comply with the applicable environmental protection laws, we had implemented an environmental
     management system which was certified to be in compliance with the standard required under ISO 14001 since
     November 2010. Apart from following the environmental protection policies formulated and required by our
     customers, we have also established our environmental management policy to ensure proper management of
     environmental protection and compliance of environmental laws and regulations by both our employees and workers
     of the subcontractors on, among others, air pollution, noise control and waste disposal. During the Period, we did not
     incur any material costs on environmental compliance.

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on the information that was publicly available and with the knowledge of the Directors as at the date of this
     annual report, the Company has maintained the prescribed minimum public float as required under the Listing Rules
     since the Listing Date to up to the date of this annual report.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold, redeemed or cancelled any of the Company’s
     redeemable or listed securities during the Period and up to the date of this report.

     NON-COMPETITION UNDERTAKING
     In order to avoid any possible competition between our Group and our Controlling Shareholders, namely each of Ms.
     Tsui Kwok Ying, Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin, Ms. Ng Chung Yan May and Profound Contractors Limited, entered into a
     deed of non-competition with our Company (for itself and as trustee for subsidiaries of our Group) on 13 March 2018.
     Pursuant to the deed of non-competition, each of our Controlling Shareholders has irrevocably and unconditionally
     undertaken to our Company (for itself and as trustee for its subsidiaries) that, as long as the deed on non-competition
     remains effective, he/she/it shall not, and shall procure his/her or its close associates (other than any member of our
     Group) not to develop, acquire, invest in, participate in, carry on or be engaged, concerned or interested or otherwise
     be involved, whether on its own account or with each other or in conjunction with or on behalf of any person or
     company or otherwise, the development, participation, management and operation of any existing business which in
     competition with or likely to be in competition, whether directly or directly, with the existing business activity of any
     member of our Group or such other business activity our Group may engage from time to time in future.

     The Controlling Shareholders have confirmed to the Company of their compliance with the deed of non-competition
     dated 13 March 2018 for disclosure in this annual report for the respective period from 13 March 2018 to 31 March
     2019 and up to the date of this annual report.

     All the independent non-executive Directors are delegated with the authority to review the deed of non-competition
     given by the controlling shareholders. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the status of the
     compliance by each of the Controlling Shareholders with the undertakings in the deed of non-competition and
     evaluated the effectiveness of the implementation of the deed of non-competition. They were satisfied that, as far as
     they can ascertain, there is no breach by any of the Controlling Shareholders of the undertakings in the deed of non-
     competition given by them and there have not been any changes in the terms of the deed of non-competition from
     13 March 2018 to up to the date of this annual report.

     As of the date of this annual report, the Company confirms that each of the Controlling Shareholders has complied
     with the deed of non-competition from 13 March 2018 to up to the date of this annual report and is not aware of any
     other matters regarding the compliance of the undertakings in the deed of non-competition.




18       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
DIRECTORS’ REPORT


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
None of the Directors or their respective close associates is or was interested in any business apart from the Group’s
business that competes or competed or is or was likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, within the Group’s
business at any time during the Period and up to the date of this annual report.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Details of the related party transactions undertaken by the Group are set out in Note 28 to the Financial Statements.
Those related party transactions which constitute connected transactions/continuing connected transactions under
the Listing Rules are set out in the paragraph headed “Connected transactions/Continuing Connected Transactions”
below. These continuing connected transactions have complied with the requirements under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS/CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
One-off Connected Transactions
During the Period, the Group had not entered into any non-exempted one-off connected transactions which were
subject to the reporting, annual review, announcement and/or independent shareholders’ approval requirements
under the Listing Rules.

Continuing Connected Transactions
During the Period, the Group has the following continuing connected transaction with a connected person which is
fully exempted from independent shareholders’ approval, annual review and all disclosure requirements of Chapter
14A of the Listing Rules.

Wise Trend Engineering Limited (“Wise Trend Engineering”) as tenant has entered into a tenancy agreement (the
“Tenancy Agreement”) with Top Wealthy Limited (“Top Wealthy”) as landlord in relation to the office premises
situated at Office E and Office F on 7th Floor, King Palace Plaza, No. 55 King Yip Street, Kowloon, Hong Kong, for a
term of 2 years commencing from 25 March 2018 and ending on 24 March 2020 at a monthly rent of HK$49,925.
Under the Tenancy Agreement, Wise Trend Engineering shall also be responsible for paying the relevant Government
rates, management fees and air conditioning charges, which in aggregate amount of HK$12,075 per month. The
monthly rent was arrived at after arm’s length negotiations between Wise Trend Engineering and Top Wealthy with
reference to the prevailing market rent of the surrounding comparable office premises in the vicinity of the office
premises.

Top Wealthy is a company incorporated in Hong Kong on 23 August 2002 with limited liability. Top Wealthy is
principally engaged in property investment. It is owned as to 62.5% by Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying, 25% by Ms. Tang Shuk
Ngar Elli (the spouse of Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin) and 12.5% by Ms. Ng Chung Yan May. Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying, Mr.
Ng Wong Kwong, Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin and Ms. Ng Chung Yan May are the directors of Top Wealthy.

As our Controlling Shareholders are shareholders and directors of Top Wealthy, Top Wealthy is a connected person
of our Company under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions under the Tenancy Agreement constitute
continuing connected transactions for the Company under the Listing Rules.




                                                                    Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited      19
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     During the Period, the rental expense in relation to the office premises was approximately HK$733,000 in aggregate.
     The Directors consider that it is desirable and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole to
     continue renting the office premises from Top Wealthy. As the annual rent payable by the Group to Top Wealthy
     under the Tenancy Agreement (exclusive of government rates, management fees, air conditioning charges and other
     outgoings) will be approximately HK$599,000, each of the applicable percentage ratios (other than the profits ratio)
     for the transaction contemplated under the Tenancy Agreement, where applicable, is expected to be less than 5%
     and the annual consideration is less than HK$3 million, the transaction contemplated under the Tenancy Agreement
     fall within the de minimis threshold under Rule 14A.76 of the Listing Rules and are exempted from the reporting,
     annual review, announcement and independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the
     Listing Rules.

     The Company confirmed that it has complied with the relevant requirements in respect of the above continuing
     connected transactions in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and confirmed
     that these transactions have been entered into: (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) on
     normal commercial terms or on terms no less favourable to the Group than terms available to independent third
     parties (as defined under the Listing Rules); and (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on
     terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders of the Company as a whole.

     MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATED
     COMPANIES
     During the Period, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries or associated
     companies.

     SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     Pursuant to the written resolutions of the sole shareholder of the Company on 13 March 2018, the Company adopted
     a share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) with effect from 13 March 2018. The terms of the Share
     Option Scheme are in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules and are summarized in the
     Prospectus.

     Unless otherwise cancelled or amended, the Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of ten years
     commencing on the date of the adoption (i.e. 13 March 2018) and shall expire at the close of business on the
     business day immediately preceding the tenth anniversary thereof unless otherwise terminated earlier by the
     Shareholders in general meeting. Under the Share Option Scheme, the Board shall be entitled to offer to grant a
     share option to any eligible participant whom the Board may select at its discretion.

     No share options had been granted under the Share Option Scheme since the adoption of the Scheme. During the
     Period and up to the date of annual report, no share option has been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed. As at
     the date of this annual report, the total number of shares available for issue under the Share Option Scheme was
     26,400,000, representing 10% of the entire issued share capital of the Company. Details of the Share Option
     Scheme are set out in Note 22 to the Financial Statements.




20       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
DIRECTORS’ REPORT


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Save as disclosed in this annual report relating to the Share Option Scheme, no equity-linked agreements that (i) will
or may result in the Company issuing shares or (ii) require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or
may result in the Company issuing shares were entered into by the Company during the Period or subsisted at the
end of the Period.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the memorandum and articles of association of the Company and
there was no restriction against such rights under the laws of Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to
offer new Share on a pro-rata basis to the existing shareholders of the Company.

REMUNERATIONS OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
Details of the Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid individuals are set out in note 8 to the Financial
Statements.

The emoluments of the Directors and senior management of the Group are determined by the Remuneration
Committee of the Company with reference to their relevant qualifications, experience, competence and the
prevailing market conditions. None of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the Period.

EMOLUMENT POLICY
The emolument policy of the Group is on the basis of the qualifications and contributions of individuals to the Group.
The Company has adopted share option schemes as incentive to eligible employees, details of the schemes are set
out in the section headed “Share Option Scheme”.

The Directors’ fees are subject to shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other emoluments are determined by
the Board with reference to the Directors’ duties, responsibilities and performance, the results of the Group and
comparable market practices.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company is committed to maintaining the highest standard of corporate practices. Information on the corporate
governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the section headed “Corporate Governance Report” on
pages 23 to 33 of this annual report.

DISCLOSURES UNDER RULES 13.20 TO 13.22 OF THE LISTING RULES
As at 31 March 2019, the Group had no circumstances which would give rise to a disclosure obligation under Rule
13.20 to 13.22 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                    Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited      21
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     COMPLIANCE ADVISER’S INTEREST
     As notified by the Company’s compliance adviser, Grande Capital Limited (the “Compliance Adviser”), as at 31
     March 2019, except for the compliance adviser’s agreement entered into between the Company and the Compliance
     Adviser dated 28 February 2018, the Compliance Adviser nor its directors, employees or close associates had any
     interests in relation to the Company, which is required to be notified to the Company pursuant to the Listing Rules.

     AUDIT COMMITTEE
     The Audit Committee had reviewed, together with the management and external auditor, the accounting principles
     and policies adopted by the Group and the audited Financial Statements for the Period.

     AUDITORS
     HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited has acted as the auditors of the Group for the Period. The Financial Statements
     have been audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, who shall retire in the forthcoming AGM and, being
     eligible, will offer itself for re-appointment. A resolution for their re-appointment as auditors for the coming year will
     be proposed at the forthcoming AGM. There is no change in auditors since the Listing Date.




     By order of the Board

     TSUI Kwok Ying
     Chairman and Non-Executive Director

     Hong Kong, 31 May 2019




22       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board is committed to high standard of corporate governance with a view to safeguarding the interests of the
Shareholders and achieving accountability as the Group recognises the importance of maximising shareholders’ value
through effective corporate governance procedures.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company has applied the principles of and complied with the applicable code provisions (the “Code Provisions”)
as set out under the Corporate Governance (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules. The
Directors will periodically review on the Company’s corporate governance policies and will propose any amendment,
if necessary, to ensure compliance with the Code Provisions from time to time. During the period from the Listing
Date up to the date of this annual report, the Company has complied with all the applicable code provisions of the
CG Code.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY
DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Companies (the “Model
Code”) contained in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as a code of conduct of the Company for Directors’ securities
transactions. In response to specific enquires by the Company, all Directors have confirmed that they have fully
complied with the requirements set out in the Model Code during the year and up to the date of this annual report.

The senior management and staff have been individually notified and advised about the Model Code by the
Company.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
It is the responsibility of the Board to determine the appropriate corporate governance practices applicable to the
Company’s circumstances and to ensure processes and procedures are in place to achieve the Company’s corporate
governance objectives.

The duties of the Board in performing its corporate governance functions under the CG Code include:

1.   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make
     recommendations;

2.   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
     management of the Company;

3.   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
     requirements;

4.   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees and
     Directors of the Company; and

5.   to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance functions set out in code provision D.3.1 of the
CG Code. As at the date of this annual report, the Board has reviewed and monitored (a) the Company’s corporate
governance policies and practices; (b) training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
management; (c) the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (d) the
Company’s code of conduct and (e) the Company’s compliance with the CG Code disclosure requirements.




                                                                   Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited    23
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on the liabilities of the Directors in respect of any legal
     actions taken against the Directors arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage will be reviewed on
     annual basis.

     Directors’ Training and Professional Development
     All Directors have been updated with the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and other applicable
     regulatory requirements to ensure their compliance with these requirements and enhance their awareness of good
     corporate governance. All Directors and employees of the Group are encouraged to attend relevant training courses
     to keep abreast of the latest market and regulatory changes and developments. The Board may seek independent
     professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses, in order to assist and ensure the
     Directors can duly discharge their duties.

     In compliance with Code Provision A.6.5 of the CG Code, the Company has allocated and provided funding to all
     Directors to participate in continuous professional development organized in the form of seminars and in house
     training and/or to provide relevant reading materials on the latest development of applicable laws, the Listing Rules
     and corporate governance practices.

     All Directors confirmed that they have complied with the CG Code provision A.6.5. During the Period, all Directors,
     namely, Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying, Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin, Ms. Ng Chung Yan May, Mr. Yau Chung Hang, Mr. Pong
     Kam Keung and Mr. Lo Ki Chiu, have participated in continuous professional development by attending seminars,
     courses or conferences or read related materials to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.

     THE BOARD
     Role and Function
     The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group, oversees the Group’s strategic decisions and
     monitors business and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day
     management and operations of the Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects of
     the Company’s affairs, the Board has established three Board committees, including the audit committee (the “Audit
     Committee”), the nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) and the remuneration committee (the
     “Remuneration Committee”) (together, the “Board Committees”). The Board has delegated to the Board
     Committees responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of references. Further details of the Board
     Committees are set out in the sections headed “Audit Committee”, “Nomination Committee” and “Remuneration
     Committee” below.

     Composition
     As at the date of this annual report, the Board is chaired by Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying and currently comprises six
     members, comprising two executive Directors, one non-executive Director and three independent non-executive
     Directors. The list of Directors is set out in the section headed “Directors’ Report” on page 13 of this annual report.

     There is a balance of skills and experience for the Board, which is appropriate for the requirements of the business of
     the Company. Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and
     Senior Management” on pages 7 to 9 of this annual report. Save for (i) Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying is the mother of Mr. Ng
     Chi Bun Benjamin and Ms. Ng Chung Yan May; (ii) Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying is the spouse of Mr. Ng Wong Kwong, a
     member of our senior management; (iii) Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin and Ms. Ng Chung Yan May are the son and
     daughter of Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying and Mr. Ng Wong Kwong, the Directors have no financial, business, family or other
     material or relevant relationship with each other.




24       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Board Diversity Policy
The Board has adopted a board diversity policy (“the Board Diversity Policy”), with a view to achieve a sustainable
and balanced development of the Group. In designing the Board’s composition, board diversity has been considered
from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, culture and educational background, ethnicity,
professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on
meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of
diversity on the Board. The diversity policy is reviewed annually by the nomination committee of the Company to
ensure effectiveness and revisions will be made with the approval from the Board when considered appropriate.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
In order to ensure a balance of power and authority, the position of the chairman and chief executive officer of the
Company are held by different individuals. Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying is the chairman and Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin is the
chief executive officer. The primary role of the chairman is to provide strategic advice and guidance on the business
and operation of the Group. The chief executive officer is responsible for the overall business development, project
planning, budgeting, contract administration, overseeing execution of projects and managing quality management
system of the Group. The Chairman of the Board ensures that all Directors are properly briefed on issues arising at
the Board meetings and receive adequate, complete and reliable information in a timely manner.

Independent Non-executive Directors
During the Period, the Company has three independent non-executive Directors representing more than one-third of
the Board, which is in compliance with the rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) for the Listing Rules. All of the three independent
non-executive Directors have appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management
expertise. No less than one third of the Directors are subject to retirement by rotation at each annual general meeting
in accordance with the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company (the
“Restated Articles”).

The independent non-executive Directors are considered by the Board to be independent of the management and
free of any relationship that could materially interfere with the exercise of their independent judgments. The Board
considered that each of the independent non-executive Directors brings his own relevant expertise to the Board and
its deliberations. None of the independent non-executive Directors has any business or financial interests with the
Group nor has any relationship with other Directors.

The Company has received written annual confirmation from each independent non-executive Director of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all independent non-executive
Directors to be independent in accordance with the independence guidelines as set out in the Listing Rules.

All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business
experience knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. Independent non-
executive Directors are invited to serve on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination
Committee.




                                                                      Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited      25
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors
     The Company has established the Nomination Committee on 13 March 2018. The Nomination Committee has from
     time to time identified individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and make recommendations to the
     Board. The main consideration in selecting candidates for directorships is whether their characters, qualifications and
     experiences are appropriate for the businesses of the Group.

     Each of the executive, non-executive and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a contract for
     appointment with the Company for a term of two years from the Listing Date and is subject to termination provisions
     therein and provisions on retirement by rotation of Directors as set out in the Restated Articles.

     According to the Restated Articles, any Director so appointed by the Board shall hold office, in the case of filling a
     casual vacancy, only until the next following general meeting of the Company or, in the case of an addition to their
     number, until the next following annual general meeting of the Company who shall then be eligible for re-election at
     such general meeting. Every Director is appointed for a specific term and is subject to retirement by rotation at least
     once every three years.

     In accordance with article 108(a) of the Restated Articles of the Company, at each annual general meeting, at least
     one third of the Directors for the time being, or, if the number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number
     nearest to but not less than one third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those
     appointed for a specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring
     Director shall be eligible for re-election.

     Nomination Policy
     The Board has adopted a Nomination Policy on 31 December 2018 which sets out the criteria and process in the
     nomination and appointment of directors of the Company, aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills,
     experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company and to ensure the Board’s continuity and
     appropriate leadership. The Nomination Committee shall identify candidates who are qualified/suitable to become a
     member of the Board and to make recommendations to the Board on the selection of candidates nominated for
     directorships. The selection of candidates will be based on a range of selection criteria as set out in the Nomination
     Policy, including but not limited to, character and integrity, qualification, potential contributions the candidate can
     bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skill, experience, independence and gender diversity, the candidate’s
     willingness and ability to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board.

     For the appointment of directors, the Nomination Committee will first identify individual(s) suitably qualified to
     become Board members and assesses the independence of the proposed independent non-executive director(s).
     Then, the Nomination Committee will make recommendation to the Board for the Board to consider, having regard
     to the Board Diversity Policy and the Nomination Policy. The Board will confirm the appointment of the suitable
     candidate or recommend the candidate to stand for election at a general meeting of the Company. The candidate(s)
     who is/are appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board will be subject to re-election
     by shareholders of the Company at the next annual general meeting after initial appointment in accordance with the
     Articles of Association.

     For the re-appointment of directors, the Nomination Committee will also consider the retiring directors based on the
     Board Diversity Policy and the Nomination Policy, and assess their independence before the Nomination Committee
     makes recommendation to the Board to consider. After the Board considers each retiring director, the Board will
     recommend the suitable retiring director(s) to stand for re-election at the annual general meeting in accordance with
     the Articles of Association. The Shareholders will approve the re-election of directors at the annual general meeting.

     The Nomination Committee shall review the structure, size, composition (including skills, knowledge, experience and
     length of service) of the Board on a regular basis at least annually and diversity of the Board to ensure that it has a
     balance of expertise, skills and experience and diversity of perspective appropriate to the requirements for the
     business of the Company.



26       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Board Meetings
The Board meets regularly to discuss and formulate the overall strategy as well as operation and financial
performance of the Group. The company secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”) assists the Chairman
in drawing the agenda of each meeting and each Director may request inclusion of matters in the agenda. All
Directors have access to the Company Secretary who is responsible for ensuring that Board procedures are complied
with and all applicable rules and regulations are followed.

Pursuant to Code Provision A.1.1 of the CG Code, the Board should meet regularly and regular board meetings
should be held at least four times per year. Additional meetings would be arranged if and when required. Directors
may participate either in person or through electronic means of communications. During the period, the Board held
four Board meetings and one general meeting were held. The attendance record of each member of the Board of the
Board meetings is set out below:

                                                                  Meetings attended/             Meetings attended/
                                                                   number of general               number of Board
 Name of Director                                                 meetings attended                       meetings


 Executive Directors
 Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin (Chief Executive Officer)                                  1/1                            4/4
 Ms. Ng Chung Yan May                                                               1/1                            4/4

 Non-executive Director
 Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (Chairman)                                                      1/1                            4/4

 Independent non-executive Directors
 Mr. Yau Chung Hang                                                                 1/1                            4/4
 Mr. Pong Kam Keung                                                                 1/1                            4/4
 Mr. Lo Ki Chiu                                                                     1/1                            4/4

Access to Information
The Directors may seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses.
The Company will, upon request, provide separate independent professional advice to Directors to assist the relevant
Directors to discharge their duties to the Company.

The Board is supplied with relevant information by the senior management pertaining to matters to be brought
before the Board for decision as well as reports relating to operational and financial performance of the Group before
each Board meeting. Where any Directors requires more information than is volunteered by the management, each
Director has the right to separately and independently access to the Company’s senior management to make further
enquiries if necessary.

BOARD COMMITTEES
In accordance with the Restated Articles and the Listing Rules, the Board has established Board Committees,
namely, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee, for overseeing
particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board Committees are established with defined terms of reference
relating to their respective authorities and duties, which have been approved by the Board and are reviewed
periodically. The terms of reference of the Board Committees are posted on the websites of the Company and the
Stock Exchange, and are available to Shareholders upon request.




                                                                    Annual Report 2019    Wang Yang Holdings Limited     27
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Audit Committee
     The Company established the Audit Committee on 13 March 2018 in accordance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules
     with the written terms of reference (which have been revised and adopted by the Board on 31 December 2018) in
     compliance with the CG Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules.

     The Audit Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Yau Chung Hang, Mr. Pong
     Kam Keung and Mr. Lo Ki Chiu. Mr. Yau Chung Hang currently serves as the Chairperson of the Audit Committee.

     The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee include: (i) to make recommendations to our Board on the
     appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditors; (ii) to review and monitor the external auditors’
     independence and objectivity; (iii) to review the effectiveness of the Company’s internal audit activities, internal
     controls and risk management systems, (iv) to develop and implement policy on engaging external auditor to supply
     non-audit services, and to review and monitor the extent of the non-audit works undertaken by external auditors; and
     (v) to monitor the integrity of the financial statements and the annual report and accounts and half-year report and to
     review significant financial reporting judgments contained in them.

     The Audit Committee has explicit authority to investigate any activity within its terms of reference and the authority
     to obtain outside legal or other independent professional advice if it considers necessary. It is given access to and
     assistance from the employees and reasonable resources to discharge its duties properly.

     During the Period, the Audit Committee has held two meetings to review the annual and interim financial results of
     the Group for submission to the Board for approval, review the internal control and risk management systems of the
     Group, oversee the audit process and make recommendation on the re-appointment of the external auditors. During
     the Period and up to the date of this annual report, there had been no disagreement between the Board and the
     Audit Committee.

     The attendance record of each member of the Audit Committee during the Period is set out below:

                                                                                                         Meeting attended/
      Audit Committee                                                                                     Eligible to attend


      Mr. Yau Chung Hang (Chairperson)                                                                                     2/2
      Mr. Pong Kam Keung                                                                                                   2/2
      Mr. Lo Ki Chiu                                                                                                       2/2

     Nomination Committee
     The Company established the Nomination Committee on 13 March 2018 with written terms of reference (which
     have been revised and adopted by the Board on 31 December 2018) in compliance with the CG code. The
     Nomination Committee consists of three members, namely Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying, Mr. Yau Chung Hang and Mr. Lo Ki
     Chiu. Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying currently serves as the Chairperson of the Nomination Committee.

     The primary responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include: (i) to review the structure, size, composition and
     diversity of our Board with the Board Diversity Policy at least annually; (ii) to identify individual suitably qualified to
     become Board members; (iii) to assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors; (iv) to make
     recommendations to our Board on relevant matters relating to the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and
     succession planning for directors; and (v) to make recommendations to our Board regarding candidates to fill
     vacancies on our Board and/or senior management.




28       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Nomination Committee has held one meeting during the Period to review the structure, size and composition
(including the skill, knowledge and experience) of the Board, the board diversity policy, assess the independence of
the independent non-executive Directors and make recommendations to the Board on the proposal of re-
appointment of Directors at the forthcoming AGM.

The attendance record of each member of the Nomination Committee during the Period is set out below:

                                                                                                 Meeting attended/
 Nomination Committee                                                                             Eligible to attend


 Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (Chairperson)                                                                                 1/1
 Mr. Yau Chung Hang                                                                                               1/1
 Mr. Lo Ki Chiu                                                                                                   1/1

Remuneration Committee
The Company established the Remuneration Committee on 13 March 2018 in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the
Listing Rules with written terms of reference (which has been revised and adopted by the Board on 31 December
2018) in compliance with the CG Code. The Remuneration Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Pong
Kam Keung, Mr. Yau Chung Hang and Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin. Mr. Pong Kam Keung currently serves as the
Chairperson of the Remuneration Committee.

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include: (i) to review and make recommendations to our Board
on the overall remuneration policy and structure relating to all Directors and senior management of the Group; (ii) to
make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration of independent non-executive Directors; (iii) to review and
make recommendations to our Board on other remuneration-related matters, including benefits-in-kinds and their
compensation payable to our Directors and senior management; (iv) to review performance based remunerations and
to establish a formal and transparent procedure for developing policy in relation to remuneration; and (v) to consider
salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and employment conditions
elsewhere in the Company and its subsidiaries.

The remuneration of the Directors and senior management is determined with reference to the responsibilities,
workload, the time devoted and the performance of the Group. The Remuneration Committee also ensures that no
individual will be involved in determining his/her own remuneration.

During the Period, the remuneration of senior management is listed as below by band:

 Band of remuneration (HK$)                                                                           No. of person


 Up to HK$1,000,000                                                                                                   3
 HK$1,000,001 to up to HK$2,000,000                                                                                   1

Further details of the remuneration of the Directors and the 5 highest paid employees is set out in note 8 to the
Financial Statements.

During the Period, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting for reviewing the performance and remuneration
packages of individual Directors and senior management.




                                                                    Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited       29
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The attendance record of each member of the Remuneration Committee during the Period is set out below:

                                                                                                   Meeting attended/
      Remuneration Committee                                                                        Eligible to attend


      Mr. Pong Kam Keung (Chairperson)                                                                              1/1
      Mr. Yau Chung Hang                                                                                            1/1
      Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin                                                                                       1/1

     AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
     The Audit Committee of our Company is responsible for considering the appointment and re-election of our
     Company’s external auditor and reviewing any non-audit functions performed by the external auditor, including
     whether such non-audit functions could lead to any potential material adverse effect to our Company.

     For the Period, the remunerations paid/payable to the external auditors, HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, in
     respect of its audit services and non-audit services were approximately HK$998,000 and approximately HK$220,000
     respectively.

     COMPANY SECRETARY
     The Company has appointed Mr. Poon Tak Wah as the company secretary. Mr. Poon has confirmed that for the
     Period, he has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the
     Listing Rules. The biography of Mr. Poon is set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
     Management” in this annual report.

     DIRECTORS’ AND AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     The Directors acknowledge and understand their responsibility for preparing the Financial Statements of the Group
     and to ensure the Financial Statements are prepared in a manner which give a true and fair view of the state of
     affairs of the Group as a going concern and are in compliance with the relevant accounting standards and principals,
     applicable laws and disclosure provisions required of the Listing Rules. In presenting the Financial Statements,
     announcements and other financial disclosures required under the Listing Rules, our Directors aim to present a
     balanced, clear and understandable assessment of the position and prospects of the Group. Our Directors are of the
     view that the financial statements of the Group for the Period has been prepared on this basis. Our Directors were
     not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the
     Group’s ability to continue as a going concern.

     The statement by the auditors of the Group regarding their reporting responsibilities on the Financial Statements of
     the Group is set out in the section headed “Independent Auditors’ Report” on pages 45 to 48 of this annual report.




30       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has set up a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) on 31 December 2018 with an aim to strike a
balance between maintaining sufficient capital to develop and operate the business of the Group and rewarding the
Shareholders of the Company. According to the Dividend Policy, in deciding whether to propose a dividend and in
determining the dividend amount, the Board shall take into account the following factors:

(a)   the Company’s operating results, actual and expected financial performance;

(b)   retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

(c)   the level of the Group’s debts to equity ratio, return on equity and the relevant financial covenants;

(d)   any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders;

(e)   the Group’s expected working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion
      plans;

(f)   the Group’s liquidity position;

(g)   general economic conditions, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal and external factors
      that may have an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

(h)   any other factors that the Board may deem appropriate and relevant.

The declaration and payment of dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies
Laws of the Cayman Islands, any applicable laws, rules and regulations and the Articles of Association. The
declaration and payment of future dividend under the Dividend Policy are subject to the Board’s determination that
the same would be in the best interests of the Group and the Shareholders of the Company as a whole. The Board
will review the Dividend Policy from time to time and may exercise at its sole and absolute discretion to update,
amend and/or modify the Dividend Policy at any time as it deems fit and necessary.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the Company’s risk management and internal control systems, and for
reviewing its effectiveness. The Board oversees the Group’s overall risk management and internal control systems
on an ongoing basis. At the same time, the Group endeavors to identify risks, control impact of the identified risk and
facilitate implementation of coordinated mitigating measures. The risk management and internal control systems
which are compatible with the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of Treadway Commission (COSO) —
Integrated Framework 2013 principles. They are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failures in order
to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material
misstatement or loss.

The Group has established a risk management policy which sets out the process of identification, evaluation and
management of the principal risk affecting the business. Each division is responsible for identifying and assessing
principal risks within its divisions and establishing mitigation plans to manage the risks identified. The senior
management is responsible for overseeing the Group’s risk management and internal control activities, attending
meetings with each division to ensure principal risk are properly managed, and new or changing risks are identified
and documented. The Board is responsible for reviewing and approving the effectiveness and adequacy of the
Group’s risk management and internal controls systems.




                                                                       Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited    31
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Group does not have an internal audit department. The Group has conducted an annual review on whether there
     is a need for such an internal audit department is required. Given the Group’s relatively simple corporate and
     operation structure, as opposed to diverting resources to establish a separate internal audit department, the Board,
     as supported by the Audit Committee, is directly responsible for risk management and internal control systems of
     the Group and for reviewing its effectiveness. The Board has put in place adequate measures to perform the internal
     audit function at different aspects of the Group. The Group has engaged an external consultant, CT Partners
     Consultants Limited, for internal control to conduct review on the internal control system of our Group during the
     Period. The review covers the effectiveness and efficiency of the Group’s risk management and internal control
     systems in relation to the financial, operational and compliance controls, and the results were summarised and
     discussed with the Audit Committee and the Board. The Audit Committee and the Board are satisfied with the
     effectiveness and adequacy of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group.

     INSIDE INFORMATION POLICY
     The Group has adopted a policy on disclosure of insider information with the aim to ensure the insiders are abiding
     by the confidentiality requirement and are fulfilling the disclosure obligation of the inside information.

     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders and potential investors is essential for
     enhancing investor relations and understanding of the Group’s business, performance and strategies. The Company
     has adopted the shareholders’ communication policy with the objective of ensuring that the shareholders and
     potential investors are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and understandable information
     about the Company (including the financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material development,
     governance and risk profile). The Company also recognizes the importance of timely and non-selective disclosure of
     information, which will enable shareholders and potential investors to make the informed investment decisions.

     To promote effective communication, the Company maintains the website of www. wangyang.com.hk; where up-to-
     date information on the Company’s business operations and developments, financial information, corporate
     governance practices and other information are available for public access. Latest information of the Group including
     annual and interim reports, announcements and other corporate communications which will be sent to Shareholders
     and/or published are updated on the website of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s
     website in a timely fashion.

     The forthcoming AGM of the Company will be held on Friday, 2 August 2019. The notice of the AGM, setting out
     details of each proposed resolutions, voting procedures and other relevant information, will be sent to shareholders
     at least 21 days before the AGM.

     SHAREHOLDERS RIGHTS
     Procedures for Convening General Meeting by Shareholders
     The general meeting of our Company provides an opportunity for communication between the Shareholders and the
     Board. At any general meeting, a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided by poll save that the
     chairman of the meeting may, pursuant to the Listing Rules, allow a resolution be voted by a show of hands, in
     accordance with Article 72 of the Restated Articles of the Company. The chairman will explain such rights and
     procedures during the AGM before voting on the resolutions.

     Pursuant to Article 64 of the Restated Articles, Shareholders can make a requisition to convene an extraordinary
     general meeting (“EGM”). The procedure of the Shareholders to convene an EGM are as follows:

     1.    any one or more shareholders (the “Requisitionist”) holding, at the date of deposit of requisition, not less than
           one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings shall have the
           right, by written requisition to the Board or the company secretary, to require an EGM to be called by the Board
           for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition.




32        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


2.   such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such
     deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisition(s) himself (themselves) may do so
     in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the Requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of
     the Board shall be reimbursed to the Requisitionist(s) by the Company.

Procedure for Putting Forward Proposals at Shareholders’ Meeting
Shareholders are requested to follow Article 64 of the Restated Articles for including a resolution at an EGM. The
requirements and procedures are set out above in the paragraph headed “Procedure for Convening general Meetings
by Shareholders”.

Shareholders are welcomed to suggest proposals relating to the operations, strategy and/or management of our
Group at shareholders’ meeting. Proposals shall be sent to the Board or the company secretary by written requisition
of his/her proposal (the “Proposal”) together with his/her detailed contact information to the Company Secretary at
the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong as set out in the section headed “Corporation Information”
in this annual report in the manner set out above.

The request will be verified with our Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong and upon their confirmation that
the request is proper and in order, the Board will be asked to include the Proposal in the agenda for the general
meeting.

The notice period to be given to all the Shareholders for consideration of the Proposal raised by the Shareholder
concerned at the general meeting varies according to the nature of the Proposal as follows:

—    at least 21 days’ notice in writing if the Proposal requires approval by way of a special resolution of the
     Company in an EGM or resolution of the Company in an AGM.

—    at least 14 days’ notice in writing if the Proposal requires approval in any other EGM.

Procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board
For matters in relation to the Board, shareholders may send their enquiries and concerns to the Board by addressing
them to the Company Secretary by mail to the principal place of business set out in the section headed “Corporation
Information” in this annual report or by fax to (852) 2542-4980.

For share registration related matters, such as share transfers and registrations, change of name or address, loss of
share certificates or dividends warrants, the registered Shareholder can contact:

Branch Share Registrar and Transfer Office in Hong Kong
Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
2103B, 21st Floor
148 Electric Road
North Point
Hong Kong
Tel: (852) 2153-1688
Fax: (852) 3020-5058

SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
There had been no significant changes in the constitutional documents of the Company during the Period.




                                                                     Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited    33
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     ABOUT THIS REPORT
     This report highlights the initiatives and efforts of Wang Yang Holdings Limited (the “Company”), together with its
     subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) in fulfilling their commitment to sustainable development and
     corporate social responsibility in the course of their business. For the year ended 31 March 2019 (the “Reporting
     Period”), the Group and its subsidiaries were engaged as a contractor in Hong Kong undertaking (i) foundation works,
     which include piling works, excavation and lateral support works, and pile cap construction; (ii) superstructure works,
     which include building works in relation to the parts of the structure above ground level; and (iii) other construction
     works, such as demolition, site-formation, ground-investigation, minor-job, hoarding, alteration and addition works, as
     well as fitting-out works.

     During the Reporting Period, the Board of Directors supervised our strategies, policies and reports on sustainable
     development, monitored continuous compliance, and sought to improve operation of the Group by improving the
     efficiency of business operations and resource utilisation, and by taking environmental protection measures to realise
     its sustainable development, thus improving the Group’s performance in the sustainable development arena.

     REPORTING SCOPE AND STANDARDS
     This report is prepared in accordance with the “Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide” (“ESG
     Guide”) as set out in Appendix 27 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Main Board set by The
     Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“HKEX”). The Group has complied with all the “comply or explain” provisions
     set out in the ESG Guide for the Reporting Period. The information in this ESG Report is based on the Group’s official
     documents and statistical data, as well as on an integration and summary of monitoring, management and
     operational information provided by subsidiaries of the Group. The corporate governance practices of the Group are
     set out in the Corporate Governance Report from pages 23 to 33 of the annual report.

     MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
     The on-going dialogues with our stakeholders assist us in identifying if there are any material sustainability issues
     facing the Group. We will continue to identify areas of improvement where relevant and stay in close communication
     with stakeholders, to further enhance our environmental, social and governance management. With the identified
     areas of improvement, we aim to holistically integrate our values and corporate responsibility commitments into our
     business model and company culture, which in turn will support our growth in the long run.

     PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT
     Given the nature of our business, our operations inevitably cause air and noise pollution, safety issues and
     inconvenience to parties involved and neighbouring communities. As a responsible corporation, we are committed to
     promoting sustainability in terms of both business development and impact on the environment. We embrace
     principles and practices that help to promote a sustainable future, by introducing environmentally friendly business
     practices, raising employee awareness of environmental protection and complying with relevant environmental laws
     and regulations.

     In addition, “BEAM Plus” eco-friendly certification has been implemented at some of our projects, according to our
     customers’ requirements. Recognised and certified by the Hong Kong Green Building Council, BEAM Plus offers a
     comprehensive set of performance criteria for a wide range of sustainability issues relating to the planning, design,
     construction, commissioning, management, operation and maintenance of a building. By providing a fair and
     objective assessment of a building’s overall performance throughout its life cycle, BEAM Plus enables us to
     demonstrate our commitment to sustainable development.




34       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


As our commitment to demonstrating environmental management, we have also established an environmental
management system (“EMS”) accredited with ISO 14001:2015 standard certification by the Hong Kong Quality
Assurance Agency (“HKQAA”). To meet the ISO 14001:2015 requirements and BEAM Plus standards, the Group
has developed environmental management policies and procedures to improve its ability to efficiently identify,
minimise, prevent and manage environmental impact as it arises, thereby reducing the associated risks.

During the Reporting Period, we participated in the Green Construction Site competition organised by our client and
received a Certificate of Participation in the 5th Green Construction Site Award in recognition of our green
construction practices.

EMISSIONS
Climate change is gradually affecting our daily life, and greenhouse gases (“GHG”) are seen as one of the major
factors leading to climate change and global warming. As the Group is principally engaged in the construction
industry, it is inevitable that our operational activities impact on our environment. Impact from our daily business
activities mainly comprises GHG emissions, noise, waste and effluents during project execution. To meet the
challenge of climate change, and to minimise these impacts, the Group implements industry-standard measures and
continues to seek practical means of mitigation in our operations.

Construction materials such as sands and cements stored outdoors as well as dust from exposed construction areas
are easily scattered in dry and windy weather. To mitigate this, all dusty stockpiled materials are covered with
tarpaulin or fabric sheets, and the area is watered properly or enclosed with dust screens where dust-generating
activities take place.

In accordance with the Air Pollution Control (Non-road Mobile Machinery) (Emission) Regulation, all our machineries
used on site are approved or exempted from the Environmental Protection Department (“EPD”).

For the Reporting Period, air emissions generated by the Group were as follows:

                                                                         Unit              2018/19        2017/18*


Emissions data from Vehicles
 Nitrogen Oxide (NOx)                                                    tonne                71.79            85.18
 Sulphur Oxide (SOx)                                                     kg                    0.37             0.25
 Particulate Matter (PM)                                                 kg                    6.57             7.84




                                                                   Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited     35
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     For the Reporting Period, GHG emissions generated by the Group were as follows:

                                                                                               Unit                 2018/19            2017/18*


     Direct emission (Scope 1)
       GHG emissions from mobile combustion                      Carbon Dioxide (CO2)          tonne                    59.82                41.03
       sources                                                   Methane (CH4)                 kg                       60.00                50.00
                                                                 Nitrous oxide (N2O)           tonne                     4.00                 3.73

     Energy indirect emissions (Scope 2)
       Electricity purchased from power companies Carbon Dioxide (CO2)                         tonne                    47.51                41.70

     Other indirect emissions (Scope 3)
       Paper waste disposed at landfills                         Carbon Dioxide (CO2)          tonne                      5.58                5.28
       Electricity used for processing fresh water               Carbon Dioxide (CO2)          tonne                      1.97                0.90
        and sewage by government department

     *    Those key performance indicators (“KPIs”) related to air emissions and GHG emissions in FY2017/18 were updated in this table after review.
          The corresponding emission figures were revised to correct a misinterpretation.


     WASTE MANAGEMENT
     Since we are engaged in the provision of construction services, it is anticipated that significant amounts of
     construction and demolition materials (“C&D materials”) will be generated from our operating activities (i.e. site-
     formation works, foundation works and building construction and superstructure works). C&D materials consist of
     general inert and non-inert waste. Over 90% of construction waste is inert, including rubble, earth and concrete, and
     is suitable for land reclamation and site formation. The non-inert substances include bamboo, timber, vegetation,
     packaging waste and other organic materials. In contrast to public fill, non-inert waste is not suitable for land
     reclamation or subject to recovery of reusable and recyclable items, and is disposed of at landfills.

     Under the Group’s current practice, construction waste is sorted and segregated into inert waste and non-inert
     waste at our project sites. Recyclable inert waste is used as sub-base for access roads and footpaths. If applicable,
     excavated soil is used for backfilling to minimise the quantity of waste disposal. Unsuitable inert waste is disposed of
     at the public fill reception facilities operated by the Civil Engineering and Development Department.

     Suitable facilities have also been provided at the Group’s head office, to encourage employees to sort and recycle
     wastes to achieve the objective of mitigating wastes, and reusing and recycling in daily operations. Examples include
     designated areas to collect used paper, plastic bottles and cans for recycling purposes, and arranging for an
     authorised recycling company to collect toner cartridges. The Group maintains high standards in waste reduction,
     educates its employees in the significance of sustainable development and provides relevant support to enhance
     their skills and knowledge in sustainable development.

     For the Reporting Period, the amount of non-hazardous waste produced by the Group was as follows:

                                                                              Unit                                  2018/19              2017/18


     Total Construction waste                                                 tonne                                15,447.60           13,094.10
     Construction waste intensity                                             tonne/construction site                 617.90              396.79

     *    Those KPIs related non-hazardous waste in FY2017/18 were updated in this table after review. The corresponding figure was revised to correct
          a misinterpretation.


     Given the nature of our business of undertaking foundation, superstructure and other construction works, no
     significant hazardous waste was generated from our operations during the Reporting Period.

36       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


USE OF RESOURCES
The Group’s major use of resources includes energy and water consumption. For energy use, both offices and
project sites consume electricity and fuels for vehicle use. Fuel consumption is mostly involved with equipment
operation and ground transportation during delivery, while electricity consumption mainly comes from office use.

The Group understands that every procedure in construction work has the potential to cause adverse environmental
impact. So management is in constant pursuit of green solutions. Great emphasis has been put on efficient
consumption by stepping up maintenance of construction equipment and optimising operational standards. Also, to
promote a culture in which employees follow good practice regarding the Group’s resources-friendly measures, a
variety of energy conservation and pollution reduction measures have been implemented in offices and construction
sites, as follows:

Office            •    Setting and maintaining average room temperatures at 24–26°C;
                  •    Switching office equipment (e.g. printers, computers and monitors) to sleep mode when they are
                       idle;
                  •    Installation of energy-friendly electrical appliances and devices, including LED lighting and
                       computers;
                  •    Giving priority in purchasing electrical appliances to those with energy efficient labelling (i.e. Grade
                       1 — the most energy efficient in the market);and
                  •    Dividing lighting systems into small zones, enabling a more flexible approach towards energy
                       saving.

Site              •    Switching off non-essential lighting as well as idle machinery and equipment;
                  •    Enhancing the maintenance and overhauling procedures, to maintain all equipment in optimal
                       condition for effective use of energy; and
                  •    Using various communications channels (posters, signs and memos) for promoting energy
                       conservation to raise construction workers’ awareness.

We will keep improving the effectiveness of our electrical energy conservation measures, as well as the efficiency of
electrical energy consumption in the coming years.

During the Reporting Period, the Group encounters no issues in sourcing water that is fit for purpose. Apart from
office operation, the major source of the Group’s water consumption is our construction segment. To promote water
conservation, the Group has various water conservation measures in offices and project sites. We encourage all
employees and our sub-contractors to develop the habit of consciously conserving water. At our construction sites,
wastewater is collected and properly treated by onsite wastewater treatment facilities, and then reused for dust
suppression and vehicle wheel washing or ground mud, to reduce fresh water consumption. In addition, we regularly
assess our utility facilities. Water seepage or leaking pipelines must be repaired or replaced on a timely basis, to
prevent the waste of freshwater. Since there were a few of our construction projects commenced at the end of
2017 and continued to be working in progress during the Reporting Period, therefore the KPIs in relation to resources
consumption were significantly increased.

For the Reporting Period, resources consumption by the Group were as follows:

                                                                          Unit                                   2018/19            2017/18*


Electricity Consumption                                                   kWh                                  72,919.22           64,945.96
                                                                          kWh/employee                          1,736.17            1,411.87
Water Consumption                                                         m3                                    3,335.26            1,512.36
                                                                          m3/employee                              79.41               32.88

*      Those KPls related to resources consumption in FY2017/18 were updated in this table after review. The corresponding figures were revised to
       correct a misinterpretation.


During the Reporting Period, the Group’s operations did not involve significant use of packaging materials.


                                                                                     Annual Report 2019      Wang Yang Holdings Limited              37
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES
     In compliance with applicable environmental legislation, the Group expects its business operations to have minimal
     direct impact on the environment and natural resources. For the sake of compliance with relevant laws and
     regulations, we regularly assess the environmental risks of our operations and adopt preventive measures as
     necessary. For instance, office paper for in-house printing is with Forest Stewardship Council (“FSC”) certification.
     Documents recorded in soft copy format and email transmission are encouraged for reducing paper usage. The FSC,
     a rigorous, credible forestry certification system, sets standards for responsible forest management. The FSC tracks
     the entire process affecting wooden products from the forest to the consumer. It develops standards for well-
     managed forestry and for the chain of custody for wood-processing, to ensure legal and sustainable wood sourcing.
     FSC guarantees that paper comes from a responsibly managed forestry process and supply chain.

     With the implementation of the measures mentioned above, the Group believes that the objectives of energy
     conservation, waste reduction and green office promotion can be achieved. Since buildings account for a significant
     portion of our total energy consumption and GHG emissions, we fully understand our role as contractor, and will
     continue to look for opportunities to reduce further emissions and waste to minimise the impact on the environment
     and natural resources caused by its operations.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group complied with all relevant environmental laws and regulations in Hong Kong,
     including but not limited to the Air Pollution Control Ordinance (Cap. 311), Waste Disposal Ordinance (Cap. 354),
     Water Pollution Control Ordinance (Cap. 358), Noise Control Ordinance (Cap. 400), Dumping at Sea Ordinance (Cap.
     466), Environmental Impact Assessment Ordinance (Cap. 499) and other regulations promulgated by governments
     and currently applicable to the Group, as well as environmental requirements of customers.

     For the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations that
     have a significant impact on the Group in relation to air and GHG emissions, noise control, discharges into water and
     land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.

     EMPLOYMENT AND LABOUR PRACTICES
     The Group places high priority on compliance with relevant laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it
     operates, and the relevant administrative rules and measures are strictly enforced. We ensure employment and
     labour practices are implemented according to anti-discrimination ordinances and the guidance under the
     Employment Ordinance (Cap. 57), the Minimum Wage Ordinance (Cap. 608) and the Mandatory Provident Fund
     Schemes Ordinance (Cap. 485), Laws of Hong Kong, as well as industry features and practices. The Group sincerely
     safeguards the legitimate interests of labour in accordance with the requirements of all applicable laws and
     regulations, respects the rights of employees to rest and leave, and regulates their working hours and their rights to
     various types of rest times and holidays.

     The Group complies strictly with local laws and regulations, by adopting a fair, just and open recruitment process and
     developing relevant rules to eliminate discrimination regardless of race, gender, colour, age, family status, ethnic
     tradition, religion, physical fitness or nationality, thus allowing fair treatment in every aspect including recruitment,
     promotion, dismissal, remuneration, benefits, training and development, to attract professionals with diverse
     backgrounds to join the Group. Employees are encouraged to report any unlawful discrimination or any form of
     harassment. The Group investigates cases expeditiously and takes appropriate corrective actions once the allegations
     have been confirmed.

     The Group recognises employees as one of the most valuable assets and its core competitive advantage, and
     therefore provides employees with good promotion prospects. With the aim of rewarding and motivating employees
     for their contribution and performance, and assisting them in their career development and promotion within the
     Group, a performance appraisal system to regularly review staff performance and remuneration has been
     established. With reference to the prevailing market standards, salary increments of our employees are reviewed
     annually on a performance basis.




38       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Employment contracts are signed between all employees and the Group covering matters such as wages, benefits
and grounds for termination. The Group’s remuneration policies and benefit plan are reviewed by the management
on a regular basis. It grants discretionary bonuses to qualified employees based on operational results and individual
performance.

Open communication is an important element in achieving effective workplace management. We believe proper
communication with employees can help employees understand business strategies and the future development of
the Group. All employees are welcome to make comments and suggestions through various communication
channels, such as letters, email or reports to their direct supervisors or department heads. Information, opinions and
suggestions gathered are followed up and raised for discussion with senior management.

Staff Composition
The Group is principally engaged in construction services, which demands physical strength. Hence, traditionally
male employees are a majority in the workforce of the construction business. However, the Group has also
committed to striking a balance between male and female employees in its working environment, and providing
equal opportunities for different genders.

As at 31 March 2019, we employed a total of 42 staff, including back office and site staff. All our staff members are
located in Hong Kong.

Employees by Gender                                  Employees by Age Group

                                                                                       18–30 years old,
                                                        Over 60 years old,                    7
                                   33                           9

                                                                                                    31–40 years old,
                                                                                                           3

                                     9
                                                                                                    41–50 years old,
                                                                                                           7
                                                        51–60 years old,
                                                              16


Employees by Employment Category


 Senior Management                                 11


Middle Management                                       12


         Junior staffs                             11


   Casual employees                         8




                                                                      Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited    39
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     Staff Turnover
     During the Reporting Period, the Group has a turnover rate of approximately 6%. The employee turnover rate by
     gender is rather low, with 7% for our male staff and none of our female staff left the Group.

     During the Reporting Period, employee turnover categorised by age was as follows: 14% of those in the 18 to 30
     years bracket left the Group, 71% of those from the 41 to 50 bracket, 13% from the 51 to 60 bracket, and 11% of
     those are over 60 years old. None of those from the 31 to 40 bracket left the Group.

     For the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations that
     have a significant impact on the Group in relation to compensation and dismissal, recruitment or promotion, working
     hours, holidays, equal opportunities, diversity, anti-discrimination or other benefits and welfare.

     HEALTH AND SAFETY
     Recognising that construction is one of the higher risk industries in terms of occupational health and safety (“OHS”),
     we put safety first and are committed to maintaining a workplace which is safe for our people. The Group proactively
     works to reduce injury risks and occupational diseases by establishing occupational health and safety management
     systems accredited with OHSAS 18001:2007, certified by HKQAA, as well as organising safety training for its
     workforce. At the workplace, sufficient first-aid kits are in place, and regular checking and maintenance of machines,
     equipment and fire extinguishers are conducted to safeguard employees’ health and safety.

     As there are machineries and other equipment in the construction sites, employees will be more prone to industrial
     accidents. Hence, we are determined to ensure that all construction works are carried out high health and safety
     standards in construction. The Group aims to ensure a safe occupational environment and manage health and safety
     risk at our project sites. Warning signs are posted in prominent positions, detailing potential health impact, handling
     procedures and preventive measures. Personal protective equipment such as safety helmets, safety goggles, safety
     shoes and reflective clothing are provided and are required for all personnel who work at project sites.

     Relevant OHS training is provided to our staff and workers, such as safety induction training, safety toolbox talks,
     specific training for high-risk activities and periodic contingency drills to heighten employee awareness of workplace
     hazards and ensure they are competent to discharge their OHS responsibilities and obligations and respond to
     emergencies. Regular safety inspections of our project sites are carried out by our Safety Officer to ensure that the
     Group’s existing business operations and working procedures are compliant with health and safety standards. The
     Safety Officer regularly reviews and checks for updates of relevant laws, and performs inspections to ensure prompt
     corrections are made to prevent incidents.

     The Group will continue to optimise its work practices and daily management for the sake of staff health and safety,
     with the aim of creating a safe, healthy and comfortable working environment. To this end, our operations are fully
     complied with applicable laws and regulations such as the Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance (Cap. 509),
     Employees’ Compensation Ordinance (Cap. 282) and Factories and Industrial Undertakings Ordinance (Cap. 59),
     Laws of Hong Kong.




40       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


For the Reporting Period, the work injury statistics for the Group were as follows:

 Work Injury Statistics                                      Unit                                              2018/19


 Number of work-related fatalities                           Number of People                                        0
 Rate of work-related fatalities                             Percentage                                              0
 Number of reported accidents (sick leave > 3 days)          Case                                                    4
 Lost days due to work injury                                Day                                                   294

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations
that have a significant impact on the Group in relation to providing a safe working environment and protecting
employees from occupational hazards.

DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING
The Group is aware of the value and contribution of its employees, and is willing to invest in and offer training and
development courses for them to enhance their capabilities. We are committed to providing career development
platforms for our employees where everyone can achieve their career goals.

In line with our commitment to providing adequate training opportunities to enhance employees’ knowledge and
skills, the Group frequently arranges for experienced staff to provide directional advice and guidance to junior staff,
and sponsors employees to attend work-related external training programs to enrich their business expertise,
competencies and skill sets for their career development. Such arrangements can enhance communication and team
spirit, and also improve their technical skills and managerial capability and encourage employees at all levels to learn
and further develop themselves. New recruits receive induction training to help them adapt to the working
environment as quickly as possible, and ensure that employees have the knowledge and expertise needed to
perform their duties.

The Group also acknowledges the importance of performance appraisal for employees. On an annual basis,
performance appraisal is conducted between management and employees for continuous improvement. Employees
are able to consult with and seek professional advice from their supervisors on their personal career development
training.

LABOUR STANDARDS
The Group respects human rights and freedom highly, and strictly prohibits the uses of child and forced labour in our
workplace, by adhering to the Employment of Children Regulations and Employment of Young Persons (Industry)
Regulations under the Employment Ordinance (Cap. 57), Laws of Hong Kong. Comprehensive recruitment
procedures are in place to check and the age of applicants is verified before commencement of work. Prior to
confirmation of employment, the Group’s human resources staff requires job applicants to provide valid identity
documents to ensure that applicants are lawfully employable. Important details such as job duties, locations and
working hours are also set out clearly in the employment contract to protect employee rights and interests, and
forced labour is strictly prohibited. To align with the relevant laws and regulations, employment arrangements
encompassing working environment, terms of employment, working hours, rest days and holidays are subject to
periodic review.

For the year ended 31 March 2019, the Group was not aware of any cases of non-compliance with laws and
regulations that have a significant impact on the Group in relation to preventing child and forced labour.




                                                                      Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited      41
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT
     The Group values the partnership with suppliers and sub-contractors and works together to promote sustainable
     development of the industry. The Group has been continuously optimising and improving its supplier management
     system, regulating access, supervision and evaluation of suppliers and sub-contractors, and constantly increasing
     specialisation and transparency of supply chain management.

     We adhere to the principle of openness, fairness and transparency in supplier selection through the implementation
     of a robust procurement and tendering mechanism, and select reliable and competent business partners from
     potential organisations. When selecting suppliers and sub-contractors, the Group evaluates them by considering
     factors such as their quality, cost, scale of business and reputation. The Group undertakes regular reviews to ensure
     that business partners do not cause significant negative impact on the environment and society. If any significant
     negative environmental or social impact is found to be caused by its selected suppliers or sub-contractors, the Group
     may consider terminating cooperation with them.

     As supplier and contractor management is a crucial component of the Group’s quality control, the Group stringently
     manages suppliers and sub-contractors, to avoid any inferior materials being acquired, and adopts strict quality
     control over the production and construction process. In this regard, a list of approved suppliers and sub-contractors
     is maintained by the Company. We only select suppliers and appoint sub-contractors from this approved list, unless
     individually reviewed and approved by management or specifically requested by the client.

     During the Reporting Period, we have cooperated with 70 suppliers and all our suppliers were located in Hong Kong.
     Looking ahead, the Group aims to promote local economic development and reduce its carbon footprint, by
     prioritising local suppliers by shortening the distance of transportation. In addition to geographical factors, we expect
     our suppliers to maintain sound social responsibility systems on managing environmental and social aspects,
     including environmental protection, human rights and product responsibility.

     PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY
     The Group strives to meet clients’ demands and expectations by maintaining high standards of services and product
     quality. To meet the demand of our clients, the Group has developed an internal management system and closely
     monitors its project execution process, with the aim of rendering premium and reliable services to our clients.

     We have established and implemented a quality management system (“QMS”) in our operations, which are in
     conformity with the internationally recognised ISO 9001:2015 standard, as certified by HKQAA. This system helps us
     to comply with the relevant laws, regulations and contractual obligations applicable to our products and services;
     control quality issues systematically to enhance our customers’ satisfaction as well as continuously improve quality
     performance in our operations. The Group also provides adequate training to all levels of employees, to raise their
     awareness of QMS in their areas of responsibility.

     To ensure the quality of materials provided by suppliers, inspections are performed by our site agents on materials
     deliveries at project sites. In case of any quality issues, suppliers will provide replacement or exchange services after
     negotiation. The Group also maintains ongoing communication with its clients to ensure understanding and
     satisfaction of their demands and expectations, as well as constantly improving its services.

     During the Reporting Period, we received no complaints or claims from our customers arising from quality issues in
     the work performed either by us or our sub-contractors, which in the view of Directors was the result of effective
     quality control measures.




42       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


In the ordinary course of our business, we get almost no access to the personal information of our clients or
confidential information of enterprises. However, we respect the privacy of our clients and maintain a high level of
data security and confidentiality. In compliance with the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap. 486), Laws of Hong
Kong, we ensure that all business data collected from our clients is treated as strictly confidential and properly dealt
with by our staff. Our clients’ data can only be accessed by designated personnel, to protect it against improper
disclosure, misuse or unauthorised use, loss, damage or corruption.

Regarding intellectual property, employees are also required to avoid having unlicensed computer software on their
computers at the workplace. The Group complies with intellectual property (“IP”) right regulations to protect the
interests of the Group and our clients, and requires our suppliers to comply with IP rights to ensure confidentiality
and integrity.

For the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations that
have a significant impact on the Group in relation to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters
relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.

ANTI-CORRUPTION
We believe in fairness and honesty in business and do not tolerate corruption, bribery, money-laundering or other
fraudulent activities in connection with any of our business operations. The Group strictly adheres to relevant
regulations and laws, such as the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Cap. 201) and the Anti-Money Laundering and
Counter-Terrorist Financing Ordinance (Cap. 615), Laws of Hong Kong.

To prevent any negative social impact linked to corruption, it is the Group’s policy that all forms of fraud and
corruption, such as bribery, extortion, illegal inducement, offering or accepting disallowed gifts, kickbacks or other
disallowed advantages are strictly prohibited, and all employees of the Group must comply with all the applicable
anti-corruption laws and regulations. Related information on anti-money laundering is provided to employees to raise
their awareness in this regard.

To facilitate identification of suspected cases of corruption, money laundering and other misconduct, the Group has
developed a Whistle-Blowing Policy document in the staff handbook which encourages disclosure of relevant
information via a confidential reporting channel available to all employees. In the event that they identify any
irregularities, staff may report to relevant senior management. All employees who report in good faith are reasonably
protected from retaliation or adverse consequences in their employment regardless of whether the allegation is
substantiated. The Group is committed to handling the reports with due care, and to conducting a serious detailed
investigation into each reasonably established report. Additionally, the Group is fully aware that it is obligated to refer
the matter to the legal enforcement parties or regulators if deemed necessary.

The tendering process is vital to our business. All tendering documents are kept confidential and restricted to
concerned parties only. Tendering must be done in a fair manner to protect the interests of the Group and our
clients. Employees responsible for tendering must comply with the Competition Ordinance (Cap. 619), Laws of Hong
Kong, and refrain from exchanging or communicating any sensitive information with competitors, participating in
price fixing, imposing restrictions on clients or abusing a dominant market position.

For the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations that
have a significant impact on the Group in relation to bribery, extortion, fraud or money laundering.




                                                                       Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited        43
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     CONTRIBUTING TO THE COMMUNITY
     We endeavour to fulfil corporate social and environmental responsibilities, and to make continuous contributions to
     the building of a cohesive and caring society. The Group hopes to foster employees’ sense of social responsibility,
     thus encouraging them to participate in charitable activities, devote their spare time and render assistance to the
     needy to make greater contributions to the community. During the Reporting Period, our directors donated to a
     series of non-governmental organisations to support their youth development and elderly care services. In the
     coming future, we will always seek to be a positive force in the communities in which we operate and maintain close
     ties with the communities in order to contribute to local development.




44       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
INDEPENDENT
AUDITORS’ REPORT




TO THE MEMBERS OF WANG YANG HOLDINGS LIMITED
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Wang Yang Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 49 to 103, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at 31 March 2019, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash
flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant
accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 March 2019, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the
year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                      Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited       45
     INDEPENDENT
     AUDITORS’ REPORT

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
     the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters.

      Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter


      Recognition of revenue and costs from construction contracts and contract assets

      Refer to Note 2.22, Note 5, Note 6 and Note 16 to the      Our procedures included, amongst others:
      consolidated financial statements
                                                                 •     Reviewing the contract sum and budgeted costs to
      We identified recognition of revenue and costs from              respective signed contracts and budgets prepared
      construction contracts and contract assets as a key              by management;
      audit matter as significant management’s estimations
      and judgements are involved in the determination of        •     Understanding from management about how the
      the outcome of construction contracts and the progress           budgets were prepared and the respective
      towards completion of construction works.                        progress towards completion of construction works
                                                                       were determined;

                                                                 •     Obtaining the certificates issued by customers or
                                                                       payment applications confirmed by internal
                                                                       surveyors to evaluate the reasonableness of
                                                                       progress towards completion of construction
                                                                       works;

                                                                 •     Testing the actual costs incurred on construction
                                                                       works;

                                                                 •     Assessing the reasonableness of the budgets by
                                                                       comparing the actual outcome against
                                                                       management’s estimation of similar contracts; and

                                                                 •     Assessing the appropriateness and adequate of the
                                                                       disclosures made in the consolidated financial
                                                                       statements.

     OTHER INFORMATION
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’
     report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
     based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
     we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




46       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
INDEPENDENT
AUDITORS’ REPORT

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no
realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing
the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our
opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material
misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
     intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                      Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited      47
     INDEPENDENT
     AUDITORS’ REPORT

     AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS (Continued)
     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
           the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
           significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
           uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the
           consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
           are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or
           conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
           events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
           activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
           for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
           opinion.

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
     audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
     thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in
     our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
     interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Lo Kin Kei.




     HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
     Certified Public Accountants

     Lo Kin Kei
     Practising Certificate Number: P06413

     Hong Kong, 31 May 2019




48       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
and Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 March 2019




                                                                                              2019              2018
                                                                          Notes            HK$’000           HK$’000


Revenue                                                                     5               199,228           215,692
Direct costs                                                                               (191,260)         (165,019)


Gross profit                                                                                  7,968            50,673

Other income and net gains/(losses)                                         5                 1,512               138

Administrative and other operating expenses                                                 (18,852)           (33,729)


(Loss)/profit before income tax                                             6                 (9,372)          17,082
Income tax expense                                                          9                 (1,442)          (6,354)


(Loss)/profit for the year                                                                  (10,814)           10,728


Other comprehensive income/(expense)
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
   — Change in fair value of debt instrument at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                                     29                   –
   — Adjustment for disposal of debt instrument at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                                                      7                    –
   — Change in fair value of available-for-sale financial asset                                    –                   (5)
   — Reclassification adjustment for gain included in the consolidated
    statement of profit or loss upon disposal of available-for-sale
   financial asset                                                                                 –               (31)


Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year, net of tax                                     36               (36)


Total comprehensive (expense)/income for the year attributable to
  owners of the Company                                                                     (10,778)           10,692


                                                                                          HK Cents           HK Cents
(Loss)/earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company
— Basic and diluted (loss)/earnings per share                               10                 (4.10)             5.40

Details of dividends are disclosed in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                     Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited         49
     Consolidated Statement of
     Financial Position
     As at 31 March 2019




                                                                     2019      2018
                                                          Notes   HK$’000   HK$’000


     ASSETS
     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                         13      10,533     1,575
     Deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy      14       2,990     2,909


                                                                   13,523     4,484


     Current assets
     Contract assets                                       16      61,564         –
     Gross amounts due from customers for contract work    17           –    35,953
     Trade and other receivables                           18      59,002    78,580
     Available-for-sale financial asset                    19           –     2,971
     Tax recoverable                                                5,365       464
     Cash and bank balances                                20      62,633   103,079


                                                                  188,564   221,047


     Total assets                                                 202,087   225,531


     EQUITY
     Capital and reserves
     Share capital                                         21       2,640     2,640
     Reserves                                                     170,859   184,513


     Total equity                                                 173,499   187,153




50        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position
As at 31 March 2019




                                                                                            2019              2018
                                                                        Notes            HK$’000           HK$’000


LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
Liabilities for long service payments                                    23                    753              562
Deferred tax liabilities                                                 24                  1,029               15


                                                                                             1,782              577


Current liabilities
Gross amounts due to customers for contract work                         17                      –               38
Trade and other payables                                                 25                 26,806           35,766
Current income tax liabilities                                                                   –            1,997


                                                                                            26,806           37,801


Total liabilities                                                                           28,588           38,378


Total equity and liabilities                                                               202,087          225,531


Net current assets                                                                         161,758          183,246


Total assets less current liabilities                                                      175,281          187,730

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 31 May
2019:




                  Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin                                 Ms. Ng Chung Yan May
                          Director                                               Director




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                   Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited    51
     Consolidated Statement of
     Changes in Equity
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




                                                                                                               Other
                                                                                           Investments comprehensive
                                                            Share       Share     Merger    revaluation      income     Retained
                                                           capital   premium     reserve        reserve      reserve    earnings      Total
                                                          HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000
                                                         (Note 21)


     Balance as at 1 April 2017                            11,010           –          –            –              –      74,535     85,545
     Profit for the year                                        –           –          –            –              –      10,728     10,728
     Reorganisation                                       (11,010)          –     11,010            –              –           –          –
     Shares issued pursuant to the capitalisation
       issue                                                1,980      (1,980)         –            –              –           –          –
     Shares issued pursuant to the share offer                660      98,340          –            –              –           –     99,000
     Shares issuance cost                                       –      (8,084)         –            –              –           –     (8,084)
                                                                                                                   –
     Other comprehensive expense:                                                                                  –
       Change in fair value of available-for-sale
       financial asset                                          –           –          –           (5)             –           –         (5)
       Reclassification upon disposal of an available-
        for-sale financial asset                                –           –          –          (31)             –           –        (31)


     Balance as at 31 March 2018                            2,640      88,276     11,010          (36)             –      85,263    187,153


     Impact on initial application of HKFRS 9
       and HKFRS 15                                             –           –          –           36            (36)     (2,876)    (2,876)


     Balance as at 1 April 2018                             2,640      88,276     11,010            –            (36)     82,387    184,277
     Loss for the year                                          –           –          –            –              –     (10,814)   (10,814)
     Other comprehensive income:
       Change in fair value of debt instrument at fair
        value through other comprehensive income                –           –          –            –            29            –         29
       Adjustment for disposal of debt instrument
        at fair value through other comprehensive
       income                                                   –           –          –            –             7            –          7


     Balance as at 31 March 2019                            2,640      88,276     11,010            –              –      71,573    173,499




     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




52         Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
CASH FLOWS
For the year ended 31 March 2019




                                                                                              2019              2018
                                                                          Notes            HK$’000           HK$’000


Cash flows from operating activities
Net cash (used in)/generated from operations                               26               (28,015)           13,670
Income tax paid                                                                              (6,758)            (6,278)


Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                                      (34,773)             7,392


Cash flows from investing activities
Deposit paid for a life insurance policy                                                           –            (2,828)
Investment in available-for-sale financial asset                                                   –            (6,024)
Proceeds from disposal of available-for-sale financial asset                                       –             3,048
Proceeds from disposal of debt instrument at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                                                   3,000                 –
Interest received                                                                              1,222                34
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                    (9,895)             (398)


Net cash used in investing activities                                                         (5,673)           (6,168)

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from share offer                                                                          –            99,000
Payments of transactions costs attributable to issue of new shares                                 –             (8,084)
Repayment of related party’s loan                                                                  –             (1,600)
Repayments of finance leases                                                                       –                 (18)
Dividend paid                                                                                      –           (15,000)


Net cash generated from financing activities                                                       –           74,298


Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                        (40,446)           75,522

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                          103,079            27,557


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                                 62,633           103,079


Analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents
Cash and bank balances                                                     20                62,633           103,079




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                     Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited        53
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     1.    GENERAL INFORMATION AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED
           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 29 March 2017 as an exempted company with
           limited liability under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and its shares have been listed on The Stock
           Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) with effect from 29 March 2018.

           The addresses of the Company is PO Box 1350, Clifton House, 75 Fort Street, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108,
           Cayman Islands and the Company’s principal place of business is Offices E & F, 7th Floor, King Palace Plaza,
           No. 55 King Yip Street, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong. The Company is an investment holding company.
           The Group is principally engaged in the business of foundation works and superstructure building works in
           Hong Kong.

           Prior to the corporate reorganisation undertaken in preparation for the listing of the Company’s shares on the
           Stock Exchange (the “Reorganisation”), the group entities were under the control of Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying (“Ms.
           KY Tsui”), Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin (“Mr. Benjamin Ng”) and Ms. Ng Chung Yan May (“Ms. May Ng”).
           Through the Reorganisation, the Company became the ultimate holding company of the companies now
           comprising the Group on 8 March 2018. Accordingly, for the purpose of the preparation of the consolidated
           financial statements of the Group, the Company has been considered as the ultimate holding company of the
           companies now comprising the Group throughout the years presented. The Group comprising the Company
           and its subsidiaries resulting from the Reorganisation is regarded as a continuing entity. The Group was under
           the control of Ms. KY Tsui, Mr. Benjamin Ng and Ms. May Ng prior to and after the Reorganisation.

           The consolidated financial statements has been prepared as if the Company had been the ultimate holding
           company of the Group throughout the years presented in accordance with Accounting Guideline 5 “Merger
           Accounting for Common Control Combinations” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
           Accountants (“HKICPA”). The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
           consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year presented,
           which include the results, changes in equity and cash flows of the companies now comprising the Group, have
           been prepared to present as if the current group structure had been in existence throughout the years
           presented, or since their respective dates of incorporation where this is a shorter period.

           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), unless otherwise stated,
           which is the same as the functional currency of the Company.




54        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2019




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set
      out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.

      2.1 Basis of presentation
             The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong
             Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the HKICPA. In addition, the consolidated financial
             statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
             Main Board of the Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The consolidation
             financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except as otherwise stated
             in the accounting policies below.

             The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires the use of
             certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the
             process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or
             complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial
             statements, are disclosed in Note 4.

      2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
             (i)    New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
                    The Group has applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA for
                    the first time in the current year:

                    HKFRS 9                           Financial Instruments
                    HKFRS 15                          Revenue from Contracts with Customers and the
                                                        related Amendments
                    HK(IFRIC)-Int 22                  Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration
                    Amendments to HKFRS 2             Classification and Measurement of Share-based
                                                        Payment Transactions
                    Amendments to HKFRS 4             Applying HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments with HKFRS 4
                                                        Insurance Contracts
                    Amendments to HKAS 28             As part of the Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2014–2016 Cycle
                    Amendments to HKAS 40             Transfers of Investment Property

                    Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to HKFRSs in the current
                    year has had no material impact on the Group’s financial performance and positions for the current
                    and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

             (ii)   HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                    The Group has applied HKFRS 15 for the first time in the current year. HKFRS 15 superseded HKAS
                    18 Revenue, HKAS 11 Construction Contracts and the related interpretations.

                    The Group has applied HKFRS 15 retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying this
                    standard recognised at the date of initial application, 1 April 2018. Any difference at the date of initial
                    application is recognised in the opening retained earnings and comparative information has not been
                    restated. Furthermore, in accordance with the transition provisions in HKFRS 15, the Group has
                    elected to apply the standard retrospectively only to contracts that are not completed at 1 April
                    2018. Accordingly, certain comparative information may not be comparable as comparative
                    information was prepared under HKAS 18 Revenue and HKAS 11 Construction Contracts and the
                    related interpretations.




                                                                          Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited         55
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (Continued)
                  (ii)   HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Continued)
                         The Group recognises revenue from foundation works and superstructure building works which
                         arise from contracts with customers.

                         Information about the Group’s performance obligations and the accounting policies resulting from
                         application of HKFRS 15 are disclosed in Notes 5 and 2.22 respectively.

                         Summary of effects arising from initial application of HKFRS 15
                         The following table summarises the impact of transition to HKFRS 15 on retained earnings at 1 April
                         2018.

                                                                                                                                  HK$’000


                         Retained earnings
                         Recognition of construction costs                                                                         (3,401)
                         Tax effect                                                                                                   561


                         Impact at 1 April 2018                                                                                    (2,840)

                         The following adjustments were made to the amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of
                         financial position at 1 April 2018. Line items that were not affected by the changes have not been
                         included.

                                                                                          Carrying
                                                                                         amounts                              Carrying
                                                                                        previously                      amounts under
                                                                                       reported at               Impact    HKFRS 15 at
                                                                                    31 March 2018           of HKFRS 15   1 April 2018*
                                                                                          HK$’000               HK$’000       HK$’000


                         Current assets
                         Contract assets                                                             –              64,392         64,392
                         Gross amounts due from customers for
                           contract work                                                      35,953                (35,953)            –
                         Trade and other receivables                                          78,580                (31,878)       46,702

                         Current liabilities
                         Contract liabilities                                                        –                   416         416
                         Gross amounts due to customers for
                           contract work                                                          38                       (38)         –
                         Trade and other payables                                             35,766                     (416)     35,350
                         Current income tax liabilities                                        1,997                     (561)      1,436

                         Capital and reserves
                         Retained earnings                                                    85,263                 (2,840)       82,423

                         *      The amounts in this column are before the adjustments from the application of HKFRS 9.




56        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2019




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (Continued)
             (ii)   HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Continued)
                    Summary of effects arising from initial application of HKFRS 15 (Continued)
                    HKFRS 15 establishes a comprehensive framework for determining whether, how much and when
                    revenue is recognised. Under HKFRS 15, revenue is recognised when a customer obtains control of
                    goods or services. Determining the timing of the transfer of control over time requires judgement.
                    Management assessed that revenue from provision of foundation works and superstructure building
                    works services is recognised over-time.

                    In relation to construction contracts previously accounted under HKAS 11, the Group continues to
                    apply output method in estimating the performance obligations satisfied up to date of initial
                    application of HKFRS 15. Under HKAS 11, contract costs are recognised as expenses by reference
                    to the stage of completion, which is measured by reference to work performed to date as a
                    percentage of total contract value. Under HKFRS 15, costs that related to satisfied performance
                    obligations are expensed as incurred. In addition, at the date of initial application of HKFRS 15,
                    retention receivables previously included in trade and other receivables are now included under
                    contract assets. Accordingly, upon adoption of HKFRS 15, contract assets and contract liabilities
                    were increased by approximately HK$64,392,000 and HK$416,000 respectively, gross amounts due
                    from customers for contract work, trade and other receivables, gross amounts due to customers for
                    contract work, trade and other payables and current income tax liabilities were decreased by
                    approximately HK$35,953,000, HK$31,878,000, HK$38,000, HK$416,000 and HK$561,000 as at 1
                    April 2018, respectively, which resulted in a decrease in opening retained earnings at 1 April 2018
                    by approximately HK$2,840,000, after net of tax effect of approximately HK$561,000.




                                                                      Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited     57
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (Continued)
                  (ii)    HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Continued)
                          Summary of effects arising from initial application of HKFRS 15 (Continued)
                          The following tables summarise the impacts of applying HKFRS 15 on the Group’s consolidated
                          statement of financial position as at 31 March 2019 and its consolidated statement of profit or loss
                          and other comprehensive income for the current year. Line items that were not affected by the
                          changes have not been included.

                          Impact on the consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                                     Amounts
                                                                                                                       without
                                                                                                                 application of
                                                                              As reported      Adjustments          HKFRS 15
                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000             HK$’000


                          Contract assets                                           61,564            (61,564)                 –
                          Gross amounts due from customers for
                            contract work                                                –            28,119             28,119
                          Trade and other receivables                               59,002            34,879             93,881
                          Retained earnings                                         71,573             1,434             73,007

                          Impact on the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

                                                                                                                     Amounts
                                                                                                                       without
                                                                                                                 application of
                                                                              As reported      Adjustments          HKFRS 15
                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000             HK$’000


                          Cost of sales                                            191,260             (1,434)          189,826

                          The explanations of the above changes affected in the current year by the application of HKFRS 15
                          as compared to HKAS 11, HKAS 18 and the related interpretations are similar to the explanations
                          set out above for describing the adjustments made to the consolidated statement of financial
                          position at 1 April 2018 upon adoption of HKFRS 15.

                  (iii)   HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments
                          In the current year, the Group has applied HKFRS 9 and the related consequential amendments to
                          other HKFRSs. HKFRS 9 introduces new requirements for (i) the classification and measurement of
                          financial assets and financial liabilities, (ii) expected credit losses (“ECL”) for financial assets and
                          contract assets; and (iii) general hedge accounting.




58        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2019




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (Continued)
             (iii)   HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments (Continued)
                     The Group has applied HKFRS 9 in accordance with the transition provisions set out in HKFRS 9, i.e.
                     applied the classification and measurement requirements (including impairment under ECL model)
                     retrospectively to instruments that have not been derecognised as at 1 April 2018 (date of initial
                     application) and has not applied the requirements to instruments that have already been
                     derecognised as at 1 April 2018. The difference between the carrying amounts as at 31 March 2018
                     and the carrying amounts as at 1 April 2018 are recognised in the opening retained earnings,
                     without restating comparative information.

                     Accordingly, certain comparative information may not be comparable as comparative information
                     was prepared under HKAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement.

                     Accounting policies resulting from application of HKFRS 9 are disclosed in Note 2.10.

                     Summary of effects arising from initial application of HKFRS 9
                     Classification of financial assets and financial liabilities
                     The table below illustrates the classification and measurement of financial assets under HKFRS 9
                     and HKAS 39 at the date of initial application, 1 April 2018.

                                                                                               Debt
                                                                                       instrument
                                                                                      at fair value                             Other
                                                                     Available-     through other       Investments     comprehensive
                                                                        for-sale   comprehensive         revaluation          income
                                                                 financial asset           income            reserve          reserve
                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000


                     At 31 March 2018 — HKAS 39                           2,971                  –               36                   –
                     Effect arising from initial application
                       of HKFRS 9:
                       Reclassification
                       From available-for-sale financial asset           (2,971)             2,971               (36)                36


                     At 1 April 2018 — HKFRS 9                                –              2,971                 –                 36

                     From available-for-sales financial asset to debt instrument at fair value through other comprehensive
                     income (“FVTOCI”)
                     Certificate of deposit with a fair value of approximately HK$2,971,000 were reclassified from
                     available-for-sales financial asset to debt instrument at FVTOCI, as this investment is held within a
                     business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling of
                     these assets and the contractual cash flows of the investment is solely payments of principal and
                     interest on the principal amount outstanding. The fair value losses of approximately HK$36,000
                     relating to this investment previously carried at fair value were transferred from investments
                     revaluation reserve to other comprehensive income reserve.




                                                                                   Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited        59
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (Continued)
                  (iii)   HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments (Continued)
                          Summary of effects arising from initial application of HKFRS 9 (Continued)
                          Impairment under ECL Model
                          The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure ECL which uses a lifetime ECL for
                          all trade receivables and contract assets. To measure the ECL, the trade receivables and contract
                          assets have been grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics.

                          The Group applies the HKFRS 9 general approach to measure ECL on deposits and other receivables
                          and bank balances. The Group has applied the general approach in HKFRS 9 to measure the loss
                          allowance at 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”), since there has not been a significant increase in credit
                          risk since initial recognition for deposits and other receivables. The ECL for bank balances is
                          insignificant because such assets are placed in banks with good reputation and there has been no
                          recent history of default in relation to these banks.

                          As at 1 April 2018, the additional credit loss allowance of approximately HK$43,000 has been
                          recognised against retained earnings. The additional loss allowance is charged against the
                          respective asset.

                          All loss allowances as at 31 March 2018 reconciled to the opening loss allowances as at 1 April
                          2018 are as follows:

                                                                                                Contract            Trade
                                                                                                  assets      receivables
                                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000


                          At 31 March 2018 — HKAS 39                                                   –                 –
                          Amount remeasured through opening retained earnings                         10                33


                          At 1 April 2018 — HKFRS 9                                                   10                33

                          The following table summarises the impact of transition to HKFRS 9 on retained earnings at 1 April
                          2018.

                                                                                                                  HK$’000


                          Retained earnings
                          Recognition of impairment loss                                                                43
                          Tax effect                                                                                     (7)


                          Impact at 1 April 2018                                                                        36




60        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2019




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (Continued)
             (iv)   Impacts on opening consolidated statement of financial position arising from the application
                    of HKFRS 15 and HKFRS 9
                    As a result of the changes in the Group’s accounting policies above, the table below illustrates the
                    overall application on HKFRS 15 and HKFRS 9 at the date of initial application, 1 April 2018. Line
                    items that were not affected by the changes have not been included.

                                                                    At 31 March           Impact of          Impact of          At 1 April
                                                                           2018           HKFRS 15            HKFRS 9                2018
                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

                    Current assets
                    Contract assets                                              –            64,392                 (10)           64,382
                    Gross amounts due from customers
                      for contract work                                    35,953            (35,953)                  –                 –
                    Trade and other receivables                            78,580            (31,878)                (33)           46,669
                    Available-for-sale financial asset                      2,971                  –             (2,971)                 –
                    Debt instrument at FVTOCI                                   –                  –              2,971              2,971

                    Current liabilities
                    Contract liabilities                                         –               416                   –               416
                    Gross amounts due to customers for
                      contract work                                            38                  (38)                –                 –
                    Trade and other payables                               35,766                (416)                 –            35,350
                    Current income tax liabilities                          1,997                (561)                 –             1,436

                    Non-current liabilities
                    Deferred tax liabilities                                    15                  –                  (7)                8

                    Capital and reserves
                    Retained earnings                                      85,263             (2,840)                (36)           82,387
                    Investments revaluation reserve                           (36)                 –                  36                  –
                    Other comprehensive income reserve                          –                  –                 (36)               (36)

                    Note: For the purposes of reporting cash flows from operating activities under indirect method for the year ended 31 March
                           2019, movements in working capital have been computed based on opening consolidated statement of financial position
                           as at 1 April 2018 as disclosed above.


             (v)    New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
                    The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been
                    issued but are not yet effective:

                    HKFRS 16                           Leases4
                    HKFRS 17                           Insurance Contracts1
                    HK(IFRIC)-Int 23                   Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments4
                    Amendments to HKFRS 3              Definition of a Business2
                    Amendments to HKFRS 9              Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation4
                    Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                         its Associate or Joint Venture5
                    Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8    Definition of Material3
                    Amendments to HKAS 19              Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement4
                    Amendments to HKAS 28              Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures4
                    Amendments to HKFRSs               Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2015–2017 Cycles4



                                                                                  Annual Report 2019      Wang Yang Holdings Limited             61
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (Continued)
                  (v)    New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective (Continued)
                         1
                                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021.
                         2
                                Effective for business combinations and asset acquisitions for which the acquisition date is on or after the beginning of
                                the first annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2020.
                         3
                                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020.
                         4
                                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019.
                         5
                                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.


                         Except as described below, the directors of the Company anticipate that the application of the new
                         and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements
                         of the Group in the future.

                         HKFRS 16 Leases
                         HKFRS 16 introduces a comprehensive model for the identification of lease arrangements and
                         accounting treatments for both lessors and lessees. HKFRS 16 will supersede HKAS 17 Leases and
                         the related interpretations when it becomes effective.

                         HKFRS 16 distinguishes lease and service contracts on the basis of whether an identified asset is
                         controlled by a customer. In addition, HKFRS 16 requires sales and leaseback transactions to be
                         determined based on the requirements of HKFRS 15 as to whether the transfer of the relevant
                         asset should be accounted as a sale. HKFRS 16 also includes requirements relating to subleases
                         and lease modifications.

                         Distinctions of operating leases and finance leases are removed for lessee accounting, and is
                         replaced by a model where a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability have to be recognised
                         for all leases by lessees, except for short-term leases and leases of low value assets.

                         The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost and subsequently measured at cost (subject to
                         certain exceptions) less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, adjusted for any
                         remeasurement of the lease liability. The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of
                         the lease payments that are not paid at that date. Subsequently, the lease liability is adjusted for
                         interest and lease payments, as well as the impact of lease modifications, amongst others. For the
                         classification of cash flows, the Group currently presents operating lease payments as operating
                         cash flows. Upon application of HKFRS 16, lease payments in relation to lease liability will be
                         allocated into a principal and an interest portion which will be presented as financing cash flows by
                         the Group.

                         Under HKAS 17, the Group has already recognised an asset and a related finance lease liability for
                         finance lease arrangement where the Group is a lessee. The application of HKFRS 16 may result in
                         potential changes in classification of these assets depending on whether the Group presents right-
                         of-use assets separately or within the same line item at which the corresponding underlying assets
                         would be presented if they were owned.

                         Other than certain requirements which are also applicable to lessor, HKFRS 16 substantially carries
                         forward the lessor accounting requirements in HKAS 17, and continues to require a lessor to classify
                         a lease either as an operating lease or a finance lease.

                         Furthermore, extensive disclosures are required by HKFRS 16.

                         As at 31 March 2019, the Group has non-cancellable operating lease commitments of approximately
                         HK$733,000 as disclosed in Note 27. A preliminary assessment indicates that these arrangements
                         will meet the definition of a lease. Upon the application of HKFRS 16, the Group will recognise a
                         right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability in respect of all these leases unless they qualify for
                         low value or short-term leases.




62        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2019




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (Continued)
             (v)    New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective (Continued)
                    HKFRS 16 Leases (Continued)
                    The application of new requirements may result in changes in measurement, presentation and
                    disclosure as indicated above. The Group intends to elect the practical expedient to apply HKFRS 16
                    to contracts that were previously identified as leases applying HKAS 17 and HK(IFRIC)-Int 4
                    Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease and not apply this standard to contracts that
                    were not previously identified as containing a lease applying HKAS 17 and HK(IFRIC)-Int 4.
                    Therefore, the Group will not reassess whether the contracts are, or contain a lease which already
                    existed prior to the date of initial application. Furthermore, the Group intends to elect the modified
                    retrospective approach for the application of HKFRS 16 as lessee and will recognise the cumulative
                    effect of initial application to opening retained profits without restating comparative information.

      2.3 Subsidiaries
             2.3.1 Consolidation
                   Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The
                   Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
                   involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
                   entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group.
                   They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.

                    Business combinations
                    Except for the Reorganisation, the Group uses the acquisition method of accounting to account for
                    business combinations. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair
                    values of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquire and the
                    equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any
                    asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Acquisition-related costs are
                    expensed as incurred. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in
                    a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group
                    recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquire on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at
                    fair value or at the non- controlling interest’s proportionate share of the recognised amount of the
                    acquirer’s identifiable net assets.

                    The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
                    acquire and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquire over the fair
                    value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total of consideration
                    transferred, non-controlling interest recognised and previously held interest measured is less than
                    the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the
                    difference is recognised directly in the profit or loss.

                    Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                    companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated. Accounting policies of subsidiaries
                    have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                    The comparative amounts in the consolidated financial statements are presented as if the entities or
                    businesses had been combined at the end of the previous reporting period or when they first came
                    under common control, whichever is shorter.




                                                                         Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited       63
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.3 Subsidiaries (Continued)
                  2.3.2 Separate financial statements
                        Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct
                        attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on
                        the basis of dividend received and receivable.

                         Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from
                         these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the
                         period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial
                         statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s
                         net assets including goodwill.

           2.4	Merger accounting for common control combinations
                  The consolidated financial statements incorporates the financial statements items of the combining
                  entities or businesses in which the common control combination occurs as if they had been combined
                  from the date when the combining entities or businesses first came under the control of the controlling
                  party.

                  The net assets of the combining entities or businesses are consolidated using the existing book values
                  from the controlling parties’ perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or excess of
                  acquirer’s interest in the net fair value of acquirer’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities
                  over cost at the time of common control combination, to the extent of the continuation of the controlling
                  party’s interest. The consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income include
                  the results of each of the combining entities or businesses from the earliest date presented or since the
                  date when the combining entities or businesses first came under the common control, where this is a
                  shorter period, regardless of the date of the common control combination.

           2.5 Segment reporting
                  Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
                  operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources
                  and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the board of directors that
                  makes strategic decisions.

           2.6	Foreign currency translation
                  Functional and presentation currency
                  Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
                  currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”).
                  The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Company’s functional and the
                  Group’s presentation currency.

           2.7	Property, plant and equipment
                  The property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and
                  accumulated impairment losses, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to
                  the acquisition of the items.

                  Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
                  appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
                  the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is
                  derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance costs are charged to profit or loss during the financial
                  period in which they are incurred.



64        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2019




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.7	Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
             Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate
             their cost to their residual values over their estimated useful lives or lease term, where applicable, as
             follows:

             Machinery and equipment                                                                                 20%
             Leasehold improvements                                                                                  20%
             Furniture, fixtures and office equipment                                                                20%
             Motor vehicles                                                                                          20%

             The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
             reporting period.

             An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
             amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

             Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and
             are recognised in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

      2.8 Impairment of non-financial assets
             Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for
             impairment. Assets that are subject to amortisation or depreciation are reviewed for impairment
             whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
             An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
             recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal
             and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for
             which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than
             goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each
             reporting date.

      2.9 Leases
             Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessors are
             classified as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received
             from the lessors) are charged to the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive
             income on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.

             The Group leases certain property, plant and equipment. Leases of property, plant and equipment where
             the Group has substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership are classified as finance leases.
             Finance leases are capitalised at the lease’s commencement at the lower of the fair value of the leased
             property and the present value of the minimum lease payments.

             Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance charges. The corresponding rental
             obligations, net of finance charges, are included in other long-term payables. The interest element of the
             finance cost is charged to the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
             over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the
             liability for each period. Assets held under finance leases are depreciated over their expected useful lives
             on the same basis as owned assets. However, when there is no reasonable certainty that ownership will
             be obtained by the end of the lease term, assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and
             their useful lives.




                                                                       Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited      65
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.10	Financial assets
                  Accounting policies applied from 1 April 2018
                  (i) Classification
                      The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                          •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income
                                (“OCI”) or through profit or loss), and

                          •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

                          The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                          contractual terms of the cash flows.

                          For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI.
                          For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the
                          Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity
                          investment at FVTOCI.

                          The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
                          those assets changes.

                  (ii)    Recognition and derecognition
                          Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on
                          which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the
                          rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the
                          Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

                  (iii)   Measurement
                          At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
                          financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”), transaction costs that are directly
                          attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at
                          FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

                          Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                          whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

                          Debt instruments
                          Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
                          managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement
                          categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                          •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
                                flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
                                Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective
                                interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit
                                or loss and presented in other gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and losses.
                                Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.




66        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2019




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.10	Financial assets (Continued)
             Accounting policies applied from 1 April 2018 (Continued)
             (iii) Measurement (Continued)
                   Debt instruments (Continued)
                   •    FVTOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the
                        financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and
                        interest, are measured at FVTOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI,
                        except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign
                        exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is
                        derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from
                        equity to profit or loss and recognised in other gains/(losses). Interest income from these
                        financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign
                        exchange gains and losses are presented in other gains/(losses) and impairment expenses are
                        presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.

                    •      FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVTOCI are measured at
                           FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL is
                           recognised in profit or loss and presented net within other gains/(losses) in the period in which
                           it arises.

                    Equity instruments
                    The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                    management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there
                    is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the
                    derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in
                    profit or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                    Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) in the
                    statement of profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on
                    equity investments measured at FVTOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair
                    value.

             (iv)   Impairment
                    The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt
                    instruments carried at amortised cost and FVTOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends
                    on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                    For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by
                    HKFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the
                    receivables and contract assets.

             Accounting policies applied until 31 March 2018
             The Group has applied HKFRS 9 retrospectively, but has elected not to restate comparative information.
             As a result, the comparative information provided continues to be accounted for in accordance with the
             Group’s previous accounting policy.

             The Group classifies its financial assets as loans and receivables, and available-for-sale. The classification
             depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired. Management determines the
             classification of its financial assets at initial recognition.




                                                                         Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited       67
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.10	Financial assets (Continued)
                  Accounting policies applied until 31 March 2018 (Continued)
                  (i) Loan and receivables
                      Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that
                      are not quoted in an active market. They are included in current assets, except for the amounts that
                      are settled or expected to be settled more than 12 months after the end of the reporting period.
                      These are classified as non-current assets. The Group’s loans and receivables comprise “trade and
                      other receivables” and “cash and bank balances” in the consolidated statements of financial
                      position.

                  (ii)    Available-for-sale financial assets
                          Available-for-sale financial assets are non-derivatives that are either designated in this category or
                          not classified in any of the other categories. They are included in non-current assets unless the
                          investment matures or management intends to dispose of it within 12 months of the end of the
                          reporting period.

                          Recognition and measurement
                          Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade-date — the date on
                          which the group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Investments are initially recognised at fair
                          value plus transaction costs for all financial assets not carried at fair value through profit or loss.
                          Financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are initially recognised at fair value, and
                          transaction costs are expensed in the statement of profit or loss. Financial assets are derecognised
                          when the rights to receive cash flows from the investments have expired or have been transferred
                          and the group has transferred substantially all risks and rewards of ownership. Available-for-sale
                          financial asset and debt instrument at FVTOCI are subsequently carried at fair value.

                  (iii)   Impairment of financial assets
                          Assets carried at amortised cost
                          The Group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is objective evidence that a
                          financial asset or group of financial assets is impaired. A financial asset or a group of financial assets
                          is impaired and impairment losses are incurred only if there is objective evidence of impairment as a
                          result of one or more events that occurred after the initial recognition of the asset (a “loss event”)
                          and that loss event (or events) has an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial
                          asset or group of financial assets that can be reliably estimated.

                          Evidence of impairment may include indications that the debtors or a group of debtors is
                          experiencing significant financial difficulty, default or delinquency in interest or principal payments,
                          the probability that they will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation, and where
                          observable data indicate that there is a measurable decrease in the estimated future cash flows,
                          such as changes in arrears or economic conditions that correlate with defaults.

                          For loans and receivables category, the amount of the loss is measured as the difference between
                          the asset’s carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows (excluding future
                          credit losses that have not been incurred) discounted at the financial asset’s original effective
                          interest rate. The carrying amount of the asset is reduced and the amount of the loss is recognised
                          in profit or loss.

                          If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the impairment loss decreases and the decrease can be
                          related objectively to an event occurring after the impairment was recognised (such as an
                          improvement in the debtor’s credit rating), the reversal of the previously recognised impairment
                          loss is recognised in profit or loss.



68        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2019




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.10	Financial assets (Continued)
             Accounting policies applied until 31 March 2018 (Continued)
             (iii) Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                   Assets classified as available-for-sale
                   The Group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is objective evidence that a
                   financial asset or a group of financial assets is impaired.

                    For debt securities, if any such evidence exists the cumulative loss — measured as the difference
                    between the acquisition cost and the current fair value, less any impairment loss on that financial
                    asset previously recognised in profit or loss — is reclassified from equity and recognised in profit or
                    loss. If, in a subsequent period, the fair value of a debt instrument classified as available-for-sale
                    increases and the increase can be objectively related to an event occurring after the impairment
                    loss was recognised in profit or loss, the impairment loss is reversed through the profit or loss.

      2.11 Gross amounts due from/to customers for contract work (prior to 1 April 2018)
             A construction contract is defined in HKAS 11 as a contract specifically negotiated for the construction of
             an asset or a combination of assets that are closely interrelated or interdependent in terms of their
             design, technology and functions or their ultimate purpose or use.

             When the outcome of a construction contract can be estimated reliably, revenue and costs are recognised
             by reference to the stage of completion of the contract activity at the end of the reporting period.
             Variations in contract work, claims and incentive payments are included to the extent that the amount can
             be measured reliably and its receipt is considered probable.

             The Group presents as an asset the gross amounts due from customers for contract work for all contracts
             in progress for which costs incurred plus recognised profits (less recognised losses) exceed progress
             billings. Progress billings not yet paid by customers and retention are included within “trade and other
             receivables”.

             The Group presents as a liability the gross amounts due to customers for contract work for all contracts in
             progress for which progress billings exceed costs incurred plus recognised profits (less recognised
             losses).

      2.12 Trade and other receivables
             Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for services performed in the ordinary course of
             business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal
             operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented
             as non-current assets.

             Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional
             unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group
             holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore
             measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for
             impairment.

      2.13 Cash and cash equivalents
             In the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits
             held at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months
             or less, and bank overdrafts (if any).




                                                                        Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited       69
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.14 Share capital
                  Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

                  Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
                  deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

           2.15 Trade and other payables
                  Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course
                  of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if the payment is
                  due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are
                  presented as non-current liabilities.

                  Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
                  cost using the effective interest method.

           2.16 Borrowings
                  Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
                  settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

                  Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
                  subsequently carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
                  and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
                  effective interest method.

           2.17 Borrowing costs
                  General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
                  production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get
                  ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets
                  are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

                  Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
                  on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

                  All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

           2.18 Current and deferred income tax
                  The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit or loss,
                  except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
                  equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity,
                  respectively.

                  The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                  at the end of each reporting period in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable
                  income. Management periodically evaluate positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in
                  which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on
                  the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.




70        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2019




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.18 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)
             Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences, arising between
             the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
             However, the deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or
             liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
             neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws)
             that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period and are expected to
             apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred taxation liability is settled.

             Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit
             will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

             Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset
             current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes assets and liabilities
             relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different
             taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

      2.19 Employee benefits
             (i)     Employee leave entitlements
                     Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision
                     is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up
                     to the end of each reporting period.

                     Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

             (ii)	Retirement benefits
                  The Group operates defined contribution plans and pays contributions to privately administered
                  pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Group has no further
                  payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as
                  employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to
                  the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.

             (iii)   Termination benefits
                     Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal
                     retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these
                     benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed to a
                     termination when the entity has a detailed formal plan to terminate the employment of current
                     employees without possibility of withdrawal. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary
                     redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected to
                     accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of each reporting period
                     are discounted to present value.

             (iv)    Bonus plans
                     The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses when the Group has a present legal or
                     constructive obligation as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable estimate of
                     such obligation can be made.




                                                                        Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited      71
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.19 Employee benefits (Continued)
                  (v)    Long service payments
                         Under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance, the Group is required to make long service payments
                         to its employees upon the termination of their employment or retirement on ground of old age
                         when the employee fulfils certain conditions and the termination meets the required circumstances.
                         Further, where accrued benefits (excluding any part attributable to the employee’s contributions)
                         have been paid to the employee, or is being held in a mandatory provident fund scheme by the
                         employee, which is the case for most of the eligible employees of the Group, the long service
                         payment is offset against the aforementioned amount of benefits to the extent that they relate to
                         the employee’s years of service for which the long service payment is payable.

                         Based on the Group’s past experience and the directors’ knowledge of the business and work
                         force, the Group makes its estimates of its obligations to make long service payments to its
                         employees in the event of termination of their employment or retirement. The Group’s obligations
                         to make such long service payments are recognised in the financial statements as long service
                         payment liabilities at the present value (where the effect of discounting is material) of the long
                         service payment obligations, which are estimated after deducting the entitlements accrued under
                         the Group’s defined contribution retirement scheme that are attributable to contributions made by
                         the Group. Service cost, net interest on the long service payment liabilities (where discounting to
                         present value is adopted because the effect of discounting is material) and premeasurements of the
                         long service payment liabilities are recognised in profit or loss.

           2.20	Provisions
                  Provisions are recognised when: The Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of
                  past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the
                  amounts have been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

                  Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
                  settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised
                  even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations
                  may be small.

                  Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the
                  obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
                  the risks specific to the obligations. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as
                  interest expense.

           2.21 Contingent liabilities and contingent assets
                  A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be
                  confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within
                  the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised
                  because it is not probable that outflow of economic resource will be required or the amount of obligation
                  cannot be measured reliably.

                  A contingent liability is not recognised but is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial
                  statements. When a change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, it will then
                  be recognised as a provision.




72        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2019




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.21 Contingent liabilities and contingent assets (Continued)
             A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
             only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain events not wholly within the control
             of the Group.

             Contingent assets are not recognised but are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial
             statements when an inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually certain, an asset is
             recognised.

      2.22	Revenue from contracts with customers (applicable after 1 April 2018)
             Under HKFRS 15, the Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e.
             when”control” of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to
             the customer.

             A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or
             a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

             Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
             towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
             met:

             •      the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                    performance as the Group performs;

             •      the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                    performs; or

             •      the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
                    Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date

             Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
             good or service.

             A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the
             Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in
             accordance with HKFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
             consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

             A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which
             the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

             A contract asset and a contract liability relating to a contract are accounted for and presented on a net
             basis.




                                                                       Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited      73
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.22	Revenue from contracts with customers (applicable after 1 April 2018) (Continued)
                  Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
                  performance obligation
                  Output method
                  The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on output
                  method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of the goods or
                  services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or services promised under
                  the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of goods or services.

                  Variable consideration
                  For contracts that contain variable consideration (variation order of construction work), the Group
                  estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled using either (a) the expected value
                  method or (b) the most likely amount, depending on which method better predicts the amount of
                  consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

                  The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that
                  it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future
                  when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

                  At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including updating
                  its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully the
                  circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances during the
                  reporting period.

                  Costs to fulfil a contract
                  The Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract in its construction contracts. The Group first assesses whether
                  these costs qualify for recognition as an asset in terms of other relevant Standards, failing which it
                  recognises an asset for these costs only if they meet all of the following criteria:

                  •      the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can specifically
                         identify;

                  •      the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in
                         continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and

                  •      the costs are expected to be recovered.

                  The asset so recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
                  consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate. The
                  asset is subject to impairment review.

                  Interest income from a financial asset is accrued on a time basis using the effective interest method, by
                  reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate that
                  exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts through the expected life of the financial asset to
                  that asset’s net carrying amount on initial recognition.




74        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2019




2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.23	Revenue recognition (prior to 1 April 2018)
             Revenue comprises the fair value of the consideration received or receivables for the sale of services in
             the ordinary course of the Group’s activities. Revenue is shown after eliminating sales within the Group.

             Revenue from contract work is recognised based on the percentage of completion of the contracts,
             provided that the percentage of contract completion and the gross billing value of contracting work can
             be measured reliably. The percentage of completion of a contract is established by reference to the
             construction works certified by customers.

             Variations in contract work, claims and incentive payments are included in contract revenue to the extent
             that they have been agreed with the customer and are capable of being reliably measured.

             Interest income is recognised on a time proportion basis using the effective interest method.

      2.24 Dividend distribution
             Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s
             consolidated financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Group’s
             shareholders or directors, where appropriate.

      2.25 Deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy
             Life insurance policy that can be terminated at any time is determined by the upfront payments plus
             accumulated interest earned and minus the accumulated insurance charge and policy expense charge. If
             withdrawal is made, a pre-determined specified amount of surrender charge would be imposed.

      2.26	Related parties
             A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

             (a)    the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person:

                    (i)     has control or joint control of the Group;

                    (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                    (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group.

             or

             (b)    the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                    (i)     has control or joint control of the Group;

                    (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or
                            fellow subsidiary of the other entity);

                    (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                    (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                            entity;




                                                                           Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited      75
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.26	Related parties (Continued)
                  (b)     the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies: (Continued)

                          (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group
                                  or an entity related to the Group;

                          (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                          (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of key
                                  management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                          (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                                 services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

                          Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to
                          influence, or be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

     3.	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
           3.1	Financial risk factors
                  The Group’s activities exposed it to a variety of financial risks: interest rate risk, credit risk and liquidity
                  risk.

                  The Group’s overall risk management programmed focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets
                  and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

                  (i)	Foreign exchange risk
                      The majority of the Group’s transactions are denominated in HK$ except for certain bank balances
                      which are denominated in United States Dollars (“US$”). Since HK$ is pegged to US$, the Group
                      has limited exposure to foreign exchange risk.

                  (ii)    Interest rate risk
                          Other than bank balances with variable interest rate, the Group has no other significant interest-
                          bearing assets. Management does not anticipate significant impact to interest-bearing assets
                          resulted from the changes in interest rates, because the interest rates of bank balances are not
                          expected to change significantly.

                          The Group does not expose to cash flow interest rate risk arising from its borrowings as the Group’s
                          finance lease liabilities are at fixed interest rates. The Group currently does not hedge its exposure
                          to the interest rate risk as the management of the Group consider that the risk is insignificant.

                  (iii)   Credit risk
                          Credit risk arises mainly from trade receivables, contract assets, deposits and other receivables and
                          cash and bank balances. The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in the event of the
                          counterparties’ failure to perform their obligations as at the reporting dates in relation to each class
                          of recognised financial assets is the carrying amount of those assets as stated in the consolidated
                          statements of financial position.




76        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2019




3.	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.1	Financial risk factors (Continued)
             (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                     In order to minimise the credit risk on trade receivables, contract assets and deposits and other
                     receivables, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of
                     credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is
                     taken to recover overdue debts. The credit quality of the debtors is assessed based on their financial
                     position, past experience and other factors. The Group has policies in place to ensure credit terms
                     are granted to reliable debtors. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each
                     individual trade receivables, contract assets and deposits and other receivables balance at the end
                     of each of the reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made for
                     irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the management of the Group considers that the credit risk is
                     significantly reduced.

                     As at 31 March 2019, there were two (2018: four) customers which individually contributed over
                     10% of the Group’s trade and other receivables. The aggregate amounts of trade and other
                     receivables from these customers amounted to 44% (2018: 54%) of the Group’s total trade and
                     other receivables as at 31 March 2019.

                     The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there
                     has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.
                     To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a
                     default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial
                     recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information.

                     The Group uses four categories for those receivables which reflect their credit risk and how the loss
                     provision is determined for each of those categories. These internal credit risk ratings are aligned to
                     external credit ratings.

                     The Group’s internal credit risk grading comprises the following categories:

                      Category       Group definition of category                               Basis for recognition of ECL


                      Performing     There have low risk of default and has not been any 12-month ECL
                                     significant increase in credit risk since initial
                                     recognition

                      Doubtful       There have been significant increase in credit risk        Lifetime ECL — not credit
                                     since initial recognition                                  impaired

                      Default        There is credit impaired when one or more events           Lifetime ECL — credit
                                     that have a detrimental impact on the estimated            impaired
                                     future cash flows

                      Write-off      There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in         Amount is written off
                                     severe financial difficulty and the Group has no
                                     realistic prospect of recovery




                                                                           Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited        77
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     3.	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.1	Financial risk factors (Continued)
                  (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                          Bank balance
                          The credit risk of bank balances is considered not material as such amounts are placed in reputable
                          banks with high credit rating assigned by international credit-rating agencies. There has been no
                          recent history of default in relation to these banks and thus the risk of default is regarded as low.

                          Deposits and other receivables
                          As at 31 March 2019, the internal credit rating of deposits and other receivables were performing.
                          Management has measured the loss allowances of these financial assets at 12m ECL. The Group
                          uses past due information and forward-looking information to assess whether credit risk has
                          increased significantly since initial recognition.

                          Trade receivables and contract assets
                          The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits
                          the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables and contract assets. To
                          measure the ECL, trade receivables and contract assets have been assessed grouped based on
                          shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The Group has performed historical analysis
                          and identified the key economic variables impacting credit risk and expected credit loss. The ECL
                          also incorporate forward-looking information such as actual or expected significant adverse changes
                          in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant changes to the
                          debtor’s ability to meet its obligations.

                          As at 31 March 2019, the loss allowance for trade receivables, contract assets and deposits and
                          other receivables were determined as follows:

                                                                   Weighted
                                                                     average           Gross
                                                                   expected          carrying      Expected       Net carrying
                                                                    loss rate        amount       credit loss         amount
                                                                                     HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000


                          At 31 March 2019
                          Trade receivables                              0.1%          37,761             (23)         37,738
                          Contract assets                             0.002%           61,565               (1)        61,564
                          Deposits and other receivables                0.1%           21,287             (23)         21,264

                          The estimated loss rate are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected
                          life of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue
                          cost or effect.




78        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2019




3.	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.1	Financial risk factors (Continued)
             (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                     The closing loss allowances for trade receivables, contract assets and deposits and other
                     receivables as at 31 March 2019 reconcile to the opening loss allowances as follows:

                                                                                                                          Deposits
                                                                                          Trade          Contract        and other
                                                                                   receivables              assets     receivables
                                                                                      Life-time          Life-time        Life-time
                                                                                            ECL                ECL              ECL
                                                                                    (not credit        (not credit      (not credit
                                                                                     impaired)          impaired)        impaired)
                                                                                       HK$’000            HK$’000          HK$’000


                     31 March 2018 — calculated under HKAS 39                                –                  –                   –
                     Amount restated through opening retained earnings                      33                 10                   –

                     Opening loss allowance as at 1 April 2018
                       — calculated under HKFRS 9                                           33                 10                   –
                     (Reversal of)/provision for loss allowance recognised in
                       profit or loss during the year                                       (10)                (9)                23

                     As at 31 March 2019                                                    23                  1                  23

                     The creation and release of provision for impaired trade receivables, contract assets and deposits
                     and other receivables have been included in administrative and other operating expenses in the
                     consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. Amounts charged to the
                     allowance account are generally written off, when there is no expectation of recovering additional
                     cash.

             (iv)    Liquidity risk
                     The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that
                     it maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet their liquidity requirements in the short and long
                     term. Management believes there is no significant liquidity risk as the Group has sufficient financial
                     resources to fund their operations.

                     The following table details the remaining contractual maturities at the end of each reporting period
                     of the Group’s financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
                     interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating based on current rates at the end
                     of each reporting period) and the earliest date the Group may be required to pay:

                                                                 On demand            Between            Between
                                                                   or within           one and            two and
                                                                   one year          two years          five years         Total
                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000        HK$’000


                     At 31 March 2019
                     Trade and other payables                          26,806                     –              –         26,806


                     At 31 March 2018
                     Trade and other payables                          35,350                     –              –         35,350




                                                                                Annual Report 2019    Wang Yang Holdings Limited        79
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     3.	FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.2 Capital risk management
                  The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as
                  a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders, to support the Group’s
                  stability and growth; to earn a margin commensurate with the level of business and market risks in the
                  Group’s operations and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

                  In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the number of dividends paid to
                  shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares, obtain new borrowings or sell assets to
                  reduce debt.

                  The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as the debts as at
                  each year end divided by the total equity as at each year end.

                  The gearing ratios of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                         2019            2018
                                                                                                      HK$’000          HK$’000


                  Debts                                                                                     –                –
                  Total equity                                                                        173,499          187,153


                  Gearing ratio                                                                            N/A            N/A


           3.3	Fair value estimation
                  The Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at 31 March 2019 and 2018 by level of the inputs
                  to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised into three levels within a
                  fair value hierarchy as follows:

                  •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

                  •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                         either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

                  •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                         inputs) (level 3).

                  The Group did not have any financial instruments measured at fair value as at 31 March 2019. The
                  unlisted debt investment has been disposed during the year.

                  At 31 March 2018

                                                                        Level 1          Level 2         Level 3         Total
                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


                  Available-for-sale financial asset:
                  Unlisted debt investment at fair value
                  Certificate of deposit                                       –           2,971                 –       2,971

                  There were no transfers between 1, 2 and 3 during the year.



80        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2019




4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
      Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are continually evaluated
      and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are
      believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
      seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a
      material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed
      below.

      Progress towards of completion of construction works
      The Group recognises its contract revenue over time by reference to the progress towards complete
      satisfaction of a performance obligation of the end of the reporting period, measured based on the surveys of
      work performed to date of the individual contract of construction works relative to total contract value. Because
      of the nature of the activity undertaken in construction contracts, the date at which the contract activity is
      entered into and the date when the activity is completed usually fall into different accounting period. The Group
      reviews and revises the estimates of contract revenue, contract costs and variation orders prepared for each
      construction contract as the contract progresses. Management regularly reviews the progress of the contracts
      and the corresponding costs of the contract revenue.

5.	REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS/(losses) AND SEGMENT
   INFORMATION
      Revenue, which is also the Group’s turnover, represents construction contract receipts in the ordinary course
      of business. Revenue and other income recognised during the years are as follows:

                                                                                               2019              2018
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


      Revenue
      Foundation works and superstructure building works                                     199,228           215,692


      Other income and net gains/(losses)
      Interest income                                                                          1,222                    34
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                            –                     (8)
      Adjustment for disposal of debt instrument at FVTOCI                                        (7)                     –
      Fair value gain on available-for-sale financial asset
        (transfer from equity on disposal)                                                         –                    31
      Sundry income                                                                              297                    81


                                                                                               1,512               138




                                                                      Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited          81
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     5.	REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS/(losses) AND SEGMENT
        INFORMATION (Continued)
           Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                                                     2019
                                                                                                                  HK$’000


           Timing of revenue recognition
           Over time                                                                                               199,228


           Types of goods or services
           Foundation works and superstructure building works                                                      199,228


           Performance obligations for contracts with customers
           The Group provides services of foundation works and superstructure building works to customers. Such
           services are recognised as a performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an
           asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Revenue for these services is therefore
           recognised over time using output method, i.e. based on surveys of the relevant services completed by the
           Group to date with reference to certificates issued by customers or payment applications confirmed by internal
           surveyor. The directors of the Company consider that output method would faithfully depict the Group’s
           performance towards complete satisfaction of these performance obligations in these contracts under HKFRS
           15.

           Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations from contracts with
           customers
           The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as
           at 31 March 2019 and the expected timing of recognising revenue are as follows:

                                                                                                               Foundation
                                                                                                                works and
                                                                                                           superstructure
                                                                                                           building works
                                                                                                                  HK$’000


           Within one year                                                                                         131,990


           Segment information
           The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the board of directors of the Company. The board of
           directors regards the Group’s business as a single operating segment and reviews consolidated financial
           statements accordingly. Also, the Group only engages its business in Hong Kong. Therefore, no segment
           information is presented.




82        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 March 2019




5.	REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS/(losses) AND SEGMENT
   INFORMATION (Continued)
      Geographical information
      The Company is domiciled in the Cayman Islands with the Group’s operations located in Hong Kong. All of the
      Group’s revenue from external customers during the years are derived from Hong Kong, the place of domicile
      of the Group’s operating subsidiaries. All the non-current assets of the Group are located in Hong Kong.
      Accordingly, no geographical information is presented.

      Information about major customers
      Revenue from customers contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000


      Customer I                                                                                                   68,237            N/A1
      Customer II                                                                                                  63,872          44,037
      Customer III                                                                                                  N/A1           30,014
      Customer IV                                                                                                   N/A1           27,141
      Customer V                                                                                                   24,877            N/A1

      1
              The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group in the respective years.


6.    (LOSS)/PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX
      (Loss)/profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                                   2019             2018
                                                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000


      Auditors’ remuneration                                                                                           998            770
      Depreciation of owned assets                                                                                     937          1,610
      Depreciation of assets under finance leases                                                                        –             21
      Reversal of impairment losses on trade receivables                                                               (10)             –
      Reversal of impairment losses on contract assets                                                                  (9)             –
      Provision for impairment losses on other receivables and deposits                                                 23              –
      Listing expenses                                                                                                   –         18,866
      Operating lease rental in respect of:
        — equipment and machinery                                                                                   1,877           1,108
        — office premise                                                                                              599             599
        — director’s quarter (included in director’s emoluments)                                                      300             294
        — others                                                                                                       13              32
      Staff costs (including directors’ emoluments) (Note 7)                                                       23,992          22,758

      Note:


                                                                                                                                      2018
                                                                                                                                   HK$’000


      Depreciation (Note 13)                                                                                                          1,183
      Less: amounts charged to direct costs                                                                                          (1,534)
      Less: amounts charged to administrative and other operating expenses                                                                 (97)


      Amounts capitalised in constructing work-in-progress                                                                             (448)




                                                                                      Annual Report 2019      Wang Yang Holdings Limited          83
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     7.    EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES, INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

                                                                                           2019            2018
                                                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000


           Directors’ emoluments                                                          4,397            4,333
           Other Staff costs                                                             19,091           18,063
           Retirement scheme contributions
           — defined contribution plan, excluding directors                                 504              501


                                                                                         23,992           22,897


           Less: amounts charged to direct costs                                                         (13,228)
           Less: amounts charged to administrative and other operating expenses                            (9,530)


           Amounts capitalised in constructing work-in-progress                                              139

           The Group operates a defined contribution scheme in Hong Kong which comply with the requirements under
           the Mandatory Provident Fund (“MPF”) Schemes Ordinance. All assets under the scheme are held separately
           from the Group under independently administered funds. Contributions to the MPF scheme follow the MPF
           Schemes Ordinance.




84        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2019




8.    BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS
      (a)    Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
             The remuneration of each director and the chief executive for the years ended 31 March 2019 and 2018
             is set out below:

                                                                     Salaries,
                                                                  allowances                         Retirement
                                                                 and benefits    Discretionary           scheme
                                                           Fee         in kind        bonuses      contributions        Total
                                                       HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000


             Year ended 31 March 2019
             Executive directors
             — Mr. Benjamin Ng
                (Chief Executive officer) (Note (i))         –          2,100             150                36          2,286
             — Ms. May Ng (Note (i))                         –            900              75                36          1,011

             Non-executive director
             — Ms. KY Tsui (Note (i))                        –            600              50                 –           650

             Independent non-executive directors
             — Mr. Yau Chung Hang                         150               –                –                –           150
             — Mr. Pong Kam Keung                         150               –                –                –           150
             — Mr. Lo Ki Chiu                             150               –                –                –           150


                                                          450           3,600             275                72          4,397


             Year ended 31 March 2018
             Executive directors
             — Mr. Benjamin Ng
                (Chief Executive officer) (Note (i))         –          2,094             450                36          2,580
             — Ms. May Ng (Note (i))                         –            876             123                36          1,035

             Non-executive director
             — Ms. KY Tsui (Note (i))                        –            600             115                 –           715

             Independent non-executive directors
             — Mr. Yau Chung Hang                           1               –                –                –               1
             — Mr. Pong Kam Keung                           1               –                –                –               1
             — Mr. Lo Ki Chiu                               1               –                –                –               1


                                                            3           3,570             688                72          4,333

             During the year ended 31 March 2019, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors as an
             inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2018: Nil). Neither the
             chief executive nor any of the directors has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the year
             ended 31 March 2019 (2018: Nil).




                                                                        Annual Report 2019       Wang Yang Holdings Limited       85
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     8.    BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
           (a)    Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)
                  Notes:


                  (i)      Ms. KY Tsui, Mr. Benjamin Ng and Ms. May Ng were directors of certain subsidiaries of the Company and/or employees of the
                           Group during the years ended 31 March 2019 and 2018 and the Group paid emoluments to them in their capacity as the
                           directors of these subsidiaries and/or employees of the Group before their appointment as executive directors of the Company.


           (b)	Five highest paid individuals
                  During the year, the five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group include two (2018:
                  three) directors, whose emoluments are disclosed above. The emoluments paid to the remaining three
                  (2018: two) are as follows:

                                                                                                                         2019                  2018
                                                                                                                      HK$’000               HK$’000


                  Salaries and allowances                                                                                 3,480                 2,700
                  Discretionary bonuses                                                                                     290                 1,225
                  Retirement scheme contributions                                                                            36                    18


                                                                                                                          3,806                 3,943

                  The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                                                         2019                   2018
                                                                                                                  Number of               Number of
                                                                                                                  individuals             individuals


                  Emolument bands (in HK$)
                  Nil–HK$1,000,000                                                                                             1                      1
                  HK$1,000,001–HK$1,500,000                                                                                    1                      –
                  HK$1,500,001–HK$2,000,000                                                                                    1                      –
                  HK$2,500,001–HK$3,000,000                                                                                    –                      1

                  During the year ended 31 March 2019, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the above highest paid
                  individuals as (i) an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or (ii) as compensation for loss of office
                  as a director or management of any members of the Group (2018: Nil).




86        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2019




9.    INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                    2019              2018
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


      Hong Kong Profit Tax
      Current income tax                                                                              441             6,427
      Overprovision in prior year                                                                     (20)                 –
      Deferred income tax (Note 24)                                                                 1,021                (73)


      Income tax expense                                                                            1,442             6,354

      Hong Kong Profits Tax is calculated at 16.5% of the estimated assessable profits for the year ended 31 March
      2018.

      On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
      2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28
      March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first
      HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will
      be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will
      continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

      Accordingly, starting from the current year, one of the subsidiaries of the Company is subject to Hong Kong
      Profits Tax at the rate of 8.25% for the first HK$2 million of estimated assessable profits and at 16.5% on the
      estimated assessable profits above HK$2 million. Other subsidiaries of the Company are subjected to Hong
      Kong Profits Tax at the rate of 16.5% for the year ended 31 March 2019.

      Taxation arising in other jurisdiction is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdiction.

      The taxation on the Group’s (loss)/profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise
      using the Hong Kong Profits Tax rate as follows:

                                                                                                    2019             2018
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


      (Loss)/profit before income tax                                                              (9,372)          17,082


      Calculated at the statutory tax rate                                                         (1,546)            2,819
      Income tax at concessionary rate                                                               (165)                  –
      Income not subject to tax                                                                      (195)                 (2)
      Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                        433             3,133
      Tax concession                                                                                  (20)               (40)
      Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognised                              2,955               444
      Overprovision in prior year                                                                     (20)                  –


      Income tax expense                                                                            1,442             6,354




                                                                          Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited        87
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     10. (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE
           The calculation of the basic (loss)/earnings per share of the year ended 31 March 2019 is based on the loss for
           the year of approximately HK$10,814,000 (2018: profit for the year of approximately HK$10,728,000) and the
           weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year ended 31 March 2019 of approximately
           264,000,000 (2018: approximately 198,542,000). No diluted earnings per share is presented for both years as
           there was no potential ordinary share outstanding.

     11. SUBSIDIARIES
           The following is a list of the subsidiaries at 31 March 2019:

                                        Place of incorporation/
                                        operation and                                        Particulars of issued            Percentage of
             Name                       kind of legal entity          Principal activities   share capital                    interest held
                                                                                                                               2019              2018


             Steer Vision Limited       Limited liability company     Investment holding     Ordinary share US$1      100% (direct)     100% (direct)
               (“Steer Vision”)           incorporated on
                                          29 March 2017, the BVI

             Build Wise Limited         Limited liability company     Investment holding     Ordinary share US$1     100% (indirect)   100% (indirect)
               (“Build Wise”)             incorporated on
                                          21 April 2017, the BVI

             United Prosperous      Limited liability company         Investment holding     Ordinary share US$1     100% (indirect)   100% (indirect)
               Limited                incorporated on
               (“United Prosperous”) 21 April 2017, the BVI

             Grand Basework Limited Limited liability company         Investment holding     Ordinary share US$1     100% (indirect)   100% (indirect)
               (“Grand Basework”)     incorporated on
                                      21 April 2017, the BVI

             Prosperous Contractors Limited liability company         Investment holding     Ordinary share US$1     100% (indirect)   100% (indirect)
               Limited (“Prosperous   incorporated on
               Contractors”)          9 January 2017, the BVI

             Wise Trend Engineering Limited liability company      Business of foundation Ordinary share             100% (indirect)   100% (indirect)
              Limited (“Wise Trend    incorporated on 11 July 1996, works and               HK$10,000,000
              Engineering”)           Hong Kong                      superstructure
                                                                     building works

             Wise Trend Construction Limited liability company  Handling human         Ordinary share                100% (indirect)   100% (indirect)
              & Engineering Limited incorporated on 3 May 2006,   resources and related HK$10,000
              (“Wise Trend             Hong Kong                  administrative
              Construction &                                      matters of the Group
              Engineering”)

             Wise Trend Construction Limited liability company     Business of foundation Ordinary share             100% (indirect)   100% (indirect)
              Limited (“Wise Trend     incorporated on 12 May 2014, works and               HK$1,000,000
              Construction”)           Hong Kong                     superstructure
                                                                     building works

           Note: None of the subsidiaries had issued any listed securities at the end of the reporting period. The Group had no subsidiaries which have
                  material non-controlling interests for the years ended 31 March 2019 and 2018.




88        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2019




12. DIVIDENDS
      No dividend was proposed or paid by the Board for the year ended 31 March 2019 (2018: Nil).

13.	PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                     Furniture
                                          Machinery               fixtures and
                                                and     Leasehold        office                Motor
                                          equipment improvements equipment                   vehicles        Total
                                            HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000                HK$’000       HK$’000


      Cost
      At 1 April 2017                           7,878              425           231            2,720        11,254
      Additions                                    66                –             –              334           400
      Disposals                                   (27)               –             –                –           (27)


      At 31 March 2018                          7,917              425           231            3,054        11,627


      Accumulated depreciation
      At 1 April 2017                           5,959              262           203            2,462          8,886
      Charge for the year                         898               85            11              189          1,183
      Disposals                                   (17)               –             –                –            (17)


      At 31 March 2018                          6,840              347           214            2,651        10,052


      Net Book value
      At 31 March 2018                          1,077                78            17             403          1,575


      Cost
      At 1 April 2018                           7,917              425           231            3,054        11,627
      Additions                                 8,760                –            38            1,097         9,895


      At 31 March 2019                         16,677              425           269            4,151        21,522


      Accumulated depreciation
      At 1 April 2018                           6,840              347           214            2,651        10,052
      Charge for the year                         569               78            15              275           937


      At 31 March 2019                          7,409              425           229            2,926        10,989


      Net Book value
      At 31 March 2019                          9,268                 –            40           1,225        10,533




                                                                  Annual Report 2019    Wang Yang Holdings Limited      89
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     14. DEPOSIT AND PREPAYMENT FOR LIFE INSURANCE POLICY
           The Group entered into a life Insurance policy with an insurance company to insure Mr. Benjamin Ng. Under
           the policy, Wise Trend Engineering is the beneficiary and policy holder and the total insured sum is
           US$1,080,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$8,424,000). Wise Trend Engineering is required to pay upfront
           deposits of approximately US$388,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,026,000). Wise Trend Engineering
           can terminate the policy at any time and receive cash back based on the cash value of the policy at the date of
           withdrawal, which is determined by the upfront payments of approximately US$388,000 (equivalent to
           approximately HK$3,026,000) plus accumulated interest earned and minus the accumulated insurance charge
           and policy expense charge. In addition, if withdrawal is made at any time during the first to the eighteenth
           policy year, as appropriate, a pre-determined specified amount of surrender charge would be imposed. The
           insurance company will pay Wise Trend Engineering a guaranteed interest of 3.55% per annum for the first
           year, followed by guaranteed interest of 2% per annum or above per annum for the following years.

           At 31 March 2019, the deposits and prepayments for life insurance policies amounted to approximately
           HK$2,990,000 (2018: approximately HK$2,909,000). The deposits and prepayments for life insurance policies
           are denominated in US$.

           Included in sundry income for the year ended 31 March 2019 was amount of approximately HK$106,000 (2018:
           approximately HK$81,000) in respect of income on deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy.

     15.	FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                                 2019             2018
                                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000


           Financial assets
           Financial assets at amortised cost
           Trade and other receivables excluding prepayments                                    58,877                 –
           Cash and bank balances                                                               62,633                 –

           Loans and receivables
           Trade and other receivables excluding prepayments                                         –           77,950
           Cash and bank balances                                                                    –          103,079


                                                                                              121,510           181,029

           Available-for-sale
           Available-for-sale financial asset                                                        –            2,971


           Total                                                                              121,510           184,000


           Financial liabilities
           Financial liabilities at amortised cost
           Trade and other payables                                                             26,806           35,350




90        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2019




16. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                     31 March 2019          1 April 2018*
                                                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000


      Contract assets                                                                                          61,565            64,392
      Less: Provision for impairment losses                                                                        (1)               (10)


      Contract assets — net                                                                                    61,564            64,382
      Contract liabilities                                                                                          –              (416)


                                                                                                               61,564            63,966

      *      The amounts in this column are after the adjustments from the application of HKFRS 9 and 15.


      The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for work completed and not billed
      because the rights are conditioned on factors other than passage of time. The contract assets are transferred
      to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional. When the Group receives a deposit before services
      are rendered, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the beginning of a contract, until the revenue recognised
      on the relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.

      As at 31 March 2019, included in contract assets comprises retention receivables of approximately
      HK$34,879,000.

      Retention receivables represented the monies withheld by customers of contract works fully recoverable
      within 1 year from the date of completion of construction contracts, in accordance with the terms specified in
      the relevant contracts. Generally, upon satisfactory completion of contract work as set out in the contract,
      partial of the retention money of such contract work will be released to the Group, while the remaining will be
      released to the Group upon the expiration of the defects liability period.

      The Group applied the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9. The counterparties are
      grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to past default experience, current past due
      exposure of the debtor and forward-looking information.

      Details of impairment assessment of contract assets for the year ended 31 March 2019 are set out in Note 3.1.

17. GROSS AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO CUSTOMERS FOR CONTRACT WORK

                                                                                                                                 2018
                                                                                                                               HK$’000


      Gross amounts due from customers for contract work
      Contract costs incurred plus recognised profits less recognised losses                                                    450,683
      Less: Progress billings received and receivables                                                                         (414,730)


                                                                                                                                 35,953




                                                                                    Annual Report 2019      Wang Yang Holdings Limited      91
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     17. GROSS AMOUNTS DUE FROM/TO CUSTOMERS FOR CONTRACT WORK (Continued)

                                                                                                                                            2018
                                                                                                                                         HK$’000


           Gross amounts due to customers for contract work
           Progress billings received and receivables                                                                                      58,032
           Less: Contract costs incurred plus recognised profits less recognised losses                                                   (57,994)


                                                                                                                                                 38

           All gross amounts due from/to customers for contract work are expected to be recovered/settled within one
           year.

     18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                            2019           2018
                                                                                                                         HK$’000         HK$’000


           Trade receivables                                                                                               37,761          34,454
           Less: Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables                                                         (23)              –


                                                                                                                           37,738          34,454


           Retention receivables*                                                                                               –          31,878
           Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                                                     21,287          12,248
           Less: Provision for impairment losses on other receivables and deposits                                            (23)              –


                                                                                                                           21,264          44,126


                                                                                                                           59,002          78,580

           *        Upon application of HKFRS 15, the retention receivables were reclassified to contract assets.


           Notes:

           (a)      The credit terms granted to customers are varied and are generally the result of negotiations between individual customers and the
                    Group. The credit period granted to customers is 7 to 30 days from the date of issue of the payment certificate by the customer’s
                    consultant or architect or the invoice date. Trade receivables are denominated in HK$.

           (b)      The ageing analysis of the trade receivables based on payment certificate date/invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                                                                 2019          2018
                                                                                                                           HK$’000         HK$’000


                    0–30 days                                                                                                13,474          17,420
                    31–60 days                                                                                               19,472           4,301
                    61–90 days                                                                                                    341              –
                    Over 90 days                                                                                                 4,474       12,733


                                                                                                                             37,761          34,454




92        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2019




18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)


      (c)    Age of trade receivables that are past due but not impaired:


             As at 31 March 2019, trade receivables of approximately HK$24,287,000 were past due. Based on past experience and forward-looking
             estimates, the amounts are considered as recoverable.


             Trade receivables of approximately HK$17,420,000 as at 31 March 2018 were not yet past due and approximately HK$17,034,000 as at
             31 March 2018 were past due but not impaired. These relate to trade receivables from a number of independent customers of whom
             there is no recent history of default and no provision has therefore been made. The ageing analysis of trade receivables that were past
             due but not impaired are as follows:


                                                                                                                                              2018
                                                                                                                                           HK$’000


             Overdue by:
             1–30 days                                                                                                                       4,301
             31–60 days                                                                                                                           –
             61–90 days                                                                                                                           –
             Over 90 days                                                                                                                   12,733


                                                                                                                                            17,034


      (d)    Retention receivables were not past due as at 31 March 2018, and were settled in accordance with the terms of respective contract.


      (e)    The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate to their fair values as at 31 March 2019 and 2018.


      (f)    The movement in the loss allowance on trade and other receivables are as follow:


                                                                                                                                      Deposits and
                                                                                                        Trade receivables         other receivables
                                                                                                                  HK$’000                  HK$’000


             31 March 2018 — calculated under HKAS 39                                                                     –                       –
             Amount restated through opening retained earnings                                                           33                       –


             Opening loss allowance as at 1 April 2018
             — calculated under HKFRS 9                                                                                  33                       –
             (Reversal of)/provision for loss allowance recognised in profit or loss during the year                    (10)                    23


             As at 31 March 2019                                                                                         23                     23


      (g)    The Group applied the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime ECL for
             trade receivables. The debtors are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to past default experience, current
             past due exposure of the debtor and forward-looking information.


             The Group applied the general approach in HKFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at 12m ECL for deposits and other receivables.


             Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables for the year ended 31 March 2019 are set out in Note 3.1.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited               93
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     19.	AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE FINANCIAL ASSET

                                                                                                            2019      2018
                                                                                                         HK$’000   HK$’000


           Unlisted debt investment at fair value

           Certificate of deposit                                                                              –     2,971

           During the year ended 31 March 2018, the gross fair value loss in respect of the Group’s certificate of deposit
           recognised in other comprehensive income amounted to approximately HK$36,000.

           Investment in the certificate of deposit with a fixed rate of 1.37% per annum.

           The fair value is within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy (Note 3.3).

           At the date of initial application of HKFRS 9, the available-for-sale financial asset was reclassified to debt
           instrument at FVTOCI and disposed during the year.

     20. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                            2019      2018
                                                                                                         HK$’000   HK$’000


           Cash at banks                                                                                  62,633   103,079


           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                      62,633   103,079

           Notes:


           (a)      The cash and cash equivalents are denominated in HK$ as at 31 March 2019 and 2018.


           (b)      Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.




94        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2019




21. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                                                    shares          Share capital
                                                                                                Notes                                   HK$’000


      Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each

      Authorised:
      At 1 April 2017                                                                                           38,000,000                      380
      Increase in authorised share capital                                                         a         4,962,000,000                   49,620


      At 31 March 2018, 1 April 2018 and 31 March 2019                                                       5,000,000,000                   50,000


      Issued and fully paid:

      At 1 April 2017                                                                                                    1                        –
      Shares issued upon Reorganisation                                                            b                 9,999                        –
      Shares issued pursuant to the capitalisation issue                                           c           197,990,000                    1,980
      Shares issued pursuant to the share offer                                                    d            66,000,000                      660


      At 31 March 2018, 1 April 2018 and 31 March 2019                                                         264,000,000                    2,640

      Notes:


      (a)      On 13 March 2018, the then shareholders resolved to increase the authorised share capital of the Company from HK$380,000 to
               HK$50,000,000 by the creation of an additional 4,962,000,000 shares, each ranking pari passu with the shares then in issue in all
               respects.


      (b)      Pursuant to the Reorganisation and as consideration for the acquisition by the Company of the entire issued share capital of Steer Vision
               from Profound Contractor, on 8 March 2018, (i) the one nil-paid share held by Profound Contractor was credited as fully paid; and (ii)
               9,999 new shares were issued and allotted to Profound Contractor, all credited as fully paid, respectively.


      (c)      Pursuant to the written resolutions of the shareholders of the Company passed on 13 March 2018, the Company issued and allotted a
               total of 197,990,000 ordinary shares of the Company credited as fully paid to the then shareholders of the Company’s shares on the
               register of members at the close of business on 13 March 2018 by way of capitalisation (“Capitalisation Issue”) of the sum of
               HK$1,979,900 standing to the credit of the share premium account of the Company.


      (d)      On 29 March 2018, 66,000,000 ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each were issued to the public at a price of HK$1.50 per share for cash
               totalling HK$99,000,000 by way of share offer. The excess of issue price over the par value of the shares, net of issuance costs of
               approximately HK$90,256,000, were credited to the share premium account of the Company.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2019       Wang Yang Holdings Limited               95
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     22. SHARE OPTION SCHEME
           The Company’s share option scheme (the “Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on 13
           March 2018 as to attract and retain the best available personnel and to provide additional incentive to the
           eligible participants under the Scheme.

           Under the Scheme, the directors of the Company may at their absolute discretion and subject to the terms of
           the Scheme, grant options to any employees (full-time or part-time), directors, consultants or advisors,
           substantial shareholder, distributors, contractors, suppliers, agents, customers, business partners or service
           providers of the Group, to subscribe for shares of the Company. The eligibility of any participants to the grant of
           any options shall be determined by the directors from time to time on the basis of the directors’ opinion as to
           their contribution to the development and growth of the Group.

           The aggregate number of the Company’s shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
           granted and yet to be exercised under the Scheme and any other share options schemes of the Company must
           not exceed 30% of the Company’s shares in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under the
           Scheme or any other share options schemes of the Company if this will result in the limit being exceeded. The
           maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Scheme and any
           other share option schemes of the Company as from the adoption date must not in aggregate exceed 10% of
           all the shares in issue upon the date on which the shares are listed and permitted to be dealt in the Stock
           Exchange. The 10% limit may be refreshed at any time by approval of the Company’s shareholders in general
           meeting provided that the total number of the Company’s shares which may be issued upon exercise of all
           options to be granted under the Scheme and any other share options schemes of the Company must not
           exceed 10% of the Company’s shares in issue as at the date of approval of the refreshed limit.

           The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each participant
           (including both exercised and outstanding options) under the Scheme or any other share option schemes of the
           Company in any 12-month period up to date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the shares of the Company in
           issue. Where any further grant of options to a participant under the Scheme would result in the shares issued
           and to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such participant (including exercised,
           cancelled and outstanding options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant
           representing in aggregate over 1% of the shares in issue, such further grant must be separately approved by
           shareholders of the Company in general meeting with such participant and his/her close associates abstaining
           from voting.

           Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of their
           respective associates must be approval by the independent non-executive directors of the Company (excluding
           any independent non-executive director who is the grantee). Where any share options granted to a substantial
           shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or any of their respective close
           associates would result in the total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options
           already granted and to be granted (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) under the Scheme
           and any other share option schemes of the Company to such person in any 12-month period up to and including
           the date of such grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue and having
           an aggregate value in excess of HK$5 million must be approved by the Company’s shareholders at the general
           meeting of the Company, with voting to be taken by way of poll.

           The offer of a grant of share options might be accepted in writing within 7 days from the date of the offer. An
           option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Scheme at any time during a period as the
           directors may determine which shall not exceed ten years from the date of grant subject to the provisions of
           early termination thereof. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable on acceptance of the grant of an option
           with a remittance in favour of the Company within such time as may be specified in the offer (which shall not
           be later than 7 days from the date of the offer).




96        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2019




22. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
      The subscription price shall be a price solely determined by the board of directors of the Company and notified
      to a participant and shall be at least the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares as stated in the
      Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the offer date; (ii) the average closing prices of the Company’s
      shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the 5 business days immediately
      preceding the date; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company’s share on the offer date.

      The Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing on 13 March 2018, subject to
      early termination provisions contained in the Scheme.

      No share options were granted since the adoption of the Scheme and there were no share option outstanding
      as at 31 March 2019 and 2018.

23. LIABILITIES FOR LONG SERVICE PAYMENTS
      Under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance, the Group is obligated to make lump sum payments on
      cessation of employment in certain circumstances to certain employees who have completed at least five
      years of service with the Group. The amount payable is dependent on the employees’ final salary and years of
      service and is reduced by entitlements accrued under the Group’s retirement plan that are attributable to
      contributions made by the Group. The Group does not set aside any assets to fund any remaining obligations.
      The long service payments are paid out from the Group’s cash at banks when such payments are required.

                                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                                                HK$’000


      At 1 April 2017                                                                                                589
      Credited to profit or loss                                                                                      (27)


      At 31 March 2018 and 1 April 2018                                                                              562
      Charged to profit or loss                                                                                      191


      At 31 March 2019                                                                                               753




                                                                       Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited        97
     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended 31 March 2019




     24. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
           The components of deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statements of financial position and
           the movements during the years are as follows:

                                                                                            Accelerated
                                                                                  ECL               tax
                                                                             provision     depreciation          Total
                                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000


           At 1 April 2017                                                            –              88              88
           Credited to profit or loss (Note 9)                                        –             (73)            (73)


           At 31 March 2018                                                           –              15              15
           Effective arising from initial application of HKFRS 9                     (7)              –               (7)


           At 1 April 2018                                                           (7)            15                8
           (Credited)/charged to profit or loss (Note 9)                             (1)         1,022            1,021


           At 31 March 2019                                                          (8)         1,037            1,029


     25. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                2019             2018
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


           Trade payables                                                                      16,101           14,665
           Accruals and other payables                                                         10,705           20,685
           Deposits received                                                                        –              416


                                                                                               26,806           35,766




98        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2019




25. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
      Notes:


      (a)      Payment terms granted by suppliers are generally 7 to 90 days from the invoice date of the relevant purchases.


               The ageing analysis of trade payables based on the invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                                                        2019           2018
                                                                                                                    HK$’000         HK$’000


               0–30 days                                                                                               9,732          12,195
               31–60 days                                                                                              6,178           1,537
               61–90 days                                                                                                113            633
               Over 90 days                                                                                               78            300


                                                                                                                      16,101          14,665


      (b)      All trade and other payables are denominated in HK$.


      (c)      The carrying amounts of trade and other payables approximate to their fair values as at 31 March 2019 and 2018.


26. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      Reconciliation of (loss)/profit before income tax to cash (used in)/generated from operations

                                                                                                                    2019            2018
                                                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000


      (Loss)/profit before income tax                                                                               (9,372)         17,082
      Adjustments for:
      Depreciation                                                                                                     937            1,183
      Interest income                                                                                               (1,303)            (115)
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                                  –                8
      Reversal of impairment losses on trade receivables                                                               (10)               –
      Reversal of impairment losses on contract assets                                                                  (9)               –
      Provision for impairment losses on other receivables and deposits                                                 23                –
      Adjustment for disposal of debt instrument at FVTOCI                                                               7                –
      Fair value gain on available-for-sale financial asset
        (transfer from equity on disposal)                                                                                –             (31)
      Provision for/(reversal of) long service payments                                                                 191             (27)


      Operating (loss)/profit before working capital changes                                                        (9,536)         18,100
      Decrease in contract assets                                                                                    2,827                –
      Increase in gross amounts from customers for contract work                                                         –           (1,422)
      Increase in trade and other receivables                                                                      (12,346)          (4,589)
      Decrease in contract liabilities                                                                                (416)               –
      (Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables                                                               (8,544)           4,047
      Decrease in gross amounts due to customers for contract work                                                       –           (2,466)


      Net cash (used in)/generated from operations                                                                 (28,015)         13,670




                                                                                         Annual Report 2019    Wang Yang Holdings Limited      99
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2019




      27. COMMITMENTS
            Operating lease commitments — Group as lessee
            At the end of the reporting period, the total future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating
            leases were payable as follows:

                                                                                                                      2019                 2018
                                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


            Within one year                                                                                              733                  757
            In the second to fifth years inclusive                                                                         –                  706


                                                                                                                         733                1,463

            The Group is the lessee in respect of premises and car parks under operating leases. The leases typically run
            for an initial period of 1 to 2 years.

      28.	RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control, jointly control or exert significant influence over
            the other party in making financial or operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
            subject to common control or joint control. Related parties may be individuals or other entities.

            Save as disclosed in Note 30 to this report, the Group had the following significant related party transactions
            during the year:

            (a)    Transactions with related party

                                                                                                                      2019                 2018
                                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000


                   Management fee and rental of office
                   Top Wealthy Limited (“Top Wealthy”) (Notes (i) & (ii))                                                733                  736

                   Notes:


                   (i)      The management fee and rental expenses for premise payable to the above related party are based on the agreements entered
                            into between the parties involved.


                   (ii)     Top Wealthy is owned by Ms. KY Tsui, Ms. May Ng and Ms. Tang Shuk Ngar, Elli (the spouse of Mr. Benjamin Ng) as to 62.5%,
                            12.5% and 25% respectively.


            (b) The emoluments of the directors and senior executives (representing the key management personnel)
                   during the years are disclosed in Note 8.


            (c)    At 31 March 2018, the banking facilities are secured by corporate guarantee from the Company.




100        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2019




29. SURETY BONDS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      Certain customers of construction contracts undertaken by the Group require the Group to issue guarantees for
      the performance of contract works in the form of surety bonds of approximately HK$46,915,000 (2018:
      approximately HK$30,157,000) as at 31 March 2019. The Company and Wise Trend Engineering (2018: Mr. Ng
      Wong Kwong, Ms. KY Tsui, Ms. May Ng), have unconditionally and irrevocably agreed to indemnify to the
      insurance companies that issue such surety bonds for claims and losses the insurance companies may incur in
      respect of the bonds. The surety bonds will be released when the contracts are completed or substantially
      completed pursuant to the relevant contract.

      As at 31 March 2019, the Group paid a cash collateral of approximately HK$14,976,000 (2018: approximately
      HK$9,026,000) to the insurance companies for the issuance of surety bonds and are included in other
      receivables, deposits and prepayments (Note 18).

      The Group, in the ordinary course of its business, is involved in various claims, suits, investigations, and legal
      proceedings that arise from time to time. Although the Group does not expect that the outcome in any of these
      legal proceedings, individually or collectively, will have a material adverse effect on its financial position or
      results of operations, litigation is inherently unpredictable. Therefore, the Group could incur judgements or
      enter into settlements of claims that could adversely affect its operating results or cash flows in a particular
      period.

30.	AMOUNT DUE FROM ULTIMATE HOLDING COMPANY
      Amount due from ultimate holding company is unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.




                                                                      Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited      101
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 March 2019




      31. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
          COMPANY
            (a)    Statement of financial position

                                                                                              2019            2018
                                                                             Note          HK$’000          HK$’000


                   ASSETS
                   Non-current assets
                   Investment in a subsidiary                                                      –               –

                   Current assets
                   Other receivables                                                            161                –
                   Amount due from ultimate holding company                   30                  –                –
                   Amounts due from subsidiaries                                             24,606                –
                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                 43,381           91,701


                                                                                             68,148           91,701


                   Total assets                                                              68,148           91,701


                   EQUITY
                   Capital and reserves
                   Share capital                                                              2,640            2,640
                   Reserves                                                                  64,062           67,997


                   Total equity                                                              66,702           70,637


                   LIABILITIES
                   Current liabilities
                   Other payables                                                             1,446            8,870
                   Amount due to a subsidiary                                                     –           12,194


                   Total liabilities                                                          1,446           21,064


                   Total equity and liabilities                                              68,148           91,701


                   Net current assets                                                        66,702           70,637


                   Total assets less current liabilities                                     66,702           70,637

                   The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 31 May
                   2019 and signed on its behalf by:




                                   Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin                         Ms. Ng Chung Yan May
                                           Director                                       Director

102        Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the year ended 31 March 2019




31. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
    COMPANY (Continued)
      (b)	Reserve movement

                                                                       Share      Accumulated
                                                                    premium            losses               Total
                                                                     HK$’000          HK$’000             HK$’000


             Balance at 1 April 2017
             Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year               –           (20,279)           (20,279)
             Shares issued pursuant to the capitalisation issue         (1,980)                –              (1,980)
             Shares issued pursuant to the share offer                 98,340                  –             98,340
             Shares issuance costs                                      (8,084)                –              (8,084)


             Balance at 31 March 2018 and 1 April 2018                 88,276            (20,279)           67,997
             Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year              –              (3,935)           (3,935)


             Balance at 31 March 2019                                  88,276            (24,214)           64,062




                                                                  Annual Report 2019   Wang Yang Holdings Limited       103
      Financial Summary


      The financial summary of the Group for the last five years is set as follows:

      RESULTS

                                                                          For the year ended 31 March
                                                             2019          2018           2017         2016        2015
                                                          HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


      Revenue                                              199,228       215,692        184,363      212,488     176,456
      Direct costs                                        (191,260)     (165,019)      (135,106)    (161,735)   (152,869)


      Gross profit                                           7,968        50,673        49,257       50,753      23,587


      Other income and net gains/(losses)                    1,512           138              –           88          50
      Administrative and other operating expenses          (18,852)      (33,729)       (16,774)     (14,796)    (13,239)
      Finance costs                                              –             –             (3)          (6)        (13)


      (Loss)/profit before income tax                       (9,372)       17,082        32,480       36,039      10,385
      Income tax expense                                    (1,442)       (6,354)       (5,524)      (5,974)     (1,941)


      (Loss)/profit for the year                           (10,814)       10,728        26,956       30,065        8,444
      Other comprehensive income/(expense)                      36           (36)            –            –            –


      Total comprehensive (expense)/income
        for the year attributable to owners
        of the Company                                     (10,778)       10,692        26,956       30,065        8,444

                                                                                   As at 31 March
                                                             2019          2018           2017         2016        2015
                                                          HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


      Non-current assets                                   13,523         4,484          2,368        3,678       3,333
      Current assets                                      188,564       221,047        136,079      125,648      90,499
      Non-current liabilities                               1,782           577            677          870         738
      Current liabilities                                  26,806        37,801         52,225       54,867      49,570


      Equity attributable to owner of the Company         173,499       187,153         85,545       73,589      43,524




104       Wang Yang Holdings Limited Annual Report 2019
