CONTENTS
Corporate Information                              2

Chairman’s Statement                               3

Management Discussion and Analysis                 6

Biographies of Directors and Senior Management    11

Directors’ Report                                 15

Corporate Governance Report                       29

Independent Auditors’ Report                      43

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss          47
and Other Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position      48

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity       50

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows              51

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements    52

Financial Summary                                128
     Corporate
     Information

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
     Executive Directors                                     OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)   Unit 2102–03 & 10–12
     Mr. Li Menglin                                         21/F, K. Wah Centre
                                                            191 Java Road
     Non-executive Directors                                North Point
                                                            Hong Kong
     Mr. Qiao Xiaoge
     Ms. Zhu Yujuan
                                                            LEGAL ADVISER AS TO HONG KONG LAW
     Independent non-executive Directors                    Tung & Co.
                                                            Office 1601, 16/F, LHT Tower
     Mr. Wang Wenxing
                                                            31 Queen’s Road Central
       (Lead independent non-executive Director*)
                                                            Central
     Dr. Li David Xianglin
                                                            Hong Kong
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng

                                                            CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
     AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                             REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
     Mr. Wang Wenxing (Chairperson)
                                                            Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
     Mr. Qiao Xiaoge
                                                            Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
     Dr. Li David Xianglin
                                                            PO Box 1350
                                                            Grand Cayman KY1-1108
     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                 Cayman Islands
     Dr. Li David Xianglin (Chairperson)
     Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                         HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                      AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                            Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
     NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                            2103B, 21/F
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairperson)                            148 Electric Road
     Mr. Wang Wenxing                                       North Point
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                     Hong Kong
     Ms. Zhu Yujuan*
     Dr. Li David Xianglin*                                 AUDITORS
                                                            HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                                                            Certified Public Accountants
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chief Executive Officer)                31st Floor, Gloucester Tower
     Ms. Hu Longzhi (Chief Financial Officer)               The Landmark
                                                            11 Pedder Street, Central
     COMPANY SECRETARY                                      Hong Kong
     Mr. Tung Tat Chiu, Michael
                                                            PRINCIPAL BANKERS
     AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                             Citibank (Hong Kong) Limited
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun                                          Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
     Mr. Tung Tat Chiu, Michael                             Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited

     REGISTERED OFFICE IN CAYMAN ISLANDS                    COMPANY WEBSITE
     Windward 3, Regatta Office Park                        www.centralenergy.cn
     PO Box 1350
     Grand Cayman KY1-1108                                  STOCK CODE
     Cayman Islands                                         1735


     *   Effective from 14 July 2025


02   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Chairman’s
Statement




YU ZHUYUN
Chairman
     Chairman’s
     Statement

     Dear Shareholders,

     On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (“Director(s)”) of Central New Energy Holding Group Limited (the
     “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”), I would like to present to shareholders of the Company
     (“Shareholders”) the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 (the “Reporting Year”).

     REPORTING YEAR REVIEW
     In 2025, in the midst of global economic slowdown, intensifying climate change impact and growing market
     uncertainties, the Group demonstrated its strong resilience and innovation in the complicated and ever-changing
     international market through its firm conviction and forward-looking strategies.

     As confronted by numerous uncertainties in the global environment, the Group has consistently adhered to the core
     philosophy of “responsibility at the heart”, and unremittingly practised the concept of sustainable development. On
     one hand, the Group staunchly pursued the path of green development. In an active response to the national call,
     the Group strode towards high-end manufacturing during its transformation under the “dual carbon” goal. On the
     other hand, following years of ample research and market development, the Group, with a forward-looking strategic
     acumen, has actively explored the path of low-carbon transformation, making due contributions to the global green
     and low-carbon development.

     In light of these developments, the Group has been determined to scale down its operations in the construction
     sector, an industry that is currently facing headwinds due to market overcapacity and geopolitical tensions. This
     strategic retreat allows the Group to redirect its resources and focus more intently on its burgeoning renewable
     energy business, an area where the Board believes the future lies.

     The Group’s concentration on new energy solutions aligns not only with the global shift towards sustainability
     but also with its own aspirations for long-term growth and resilience. By pivoting towards renewables, the Group
     is positioning itself at the forefront of a sector that promises immense potential for innovation, job creation, and
     environmental stewardship.

     The Board reckons that this transformation necessitates bold actions and a willingness to embrace change. The
     Group’s dedicated teams are working tirelessly to ensure a seamless transition, harnessing advanced technologies
     and fostering collaborative partnerships that will accelerate its journey towards becoming a leading player in the
     renewable energy market.

     During the Reporting Year, the Group reached an important milestone. With the full production capacity of 3GW
     photovoltaic (“PV“) components and 6GW PV battery production, the Group achieved full-capacity operation,
     while sales of N-type batteries and PV components manifested strong growth momentum. The Group persisted
     in delivering reliable and efficient products and services to customers, while continuing to improve product quality.
     As a result, the Group’s product conversion efficiency, stability, and quality were recognised by customers and
     professional institutions. In terms of smart energy management services, the Group focused on fully satisfying
     customers’ requirements and expectations, by closely keeping abreast of technological innovation and industrial
     development, and quickly responding to and fulfilling the diverse needs of customers.

     In 2025, the Group was committed to implementing efficient governance measures to create sustainable value
     for Shareholders and stakeholders. The Group paid attention to employee welfare, providing employees with an
     equal, safe, healthy, and harmonious workplace to promote their career development. Taking it as the Group’s
     responsibility to practise sincere social responsibility, the Group actively participated in social welfare undertakings,
     and empowered education, charity and poverty alleviation to benefit the public, spreading warmth to society with the
     Group’s goodwill.




04   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Chairman’s
Statement

This year, the Group will disclose an Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) report in strict compliance with
the reporting framework of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Stock Exchange”). In a fair, transparent
and balanced manner, the Group will introduce to the Shareholders the measures taken and achievements made by
the Group in the ESG aspects over the Reporting Year.

The Group will consistently deliver the national “dual carbon” commitment through practical actions, maintain its
original goodwill towards the market, society and customers, and steadily advance towards a future of high-quality
sustainable development. The Group is willing to join forces with partners and stakeholders to contribute green
power to the global effort to address climate change and safeguard a healthy ecosystem, shaping a more sustainable
future together. The Group firmly believes that the extensive applications of solar energy will enable it to bring well-
being to mankind. With solar energy amassed and well utilised, the Group will build a bright future.




YU Zhuyun
Chairman
Hong Kong, 31 March 2026




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   05
     Management Discussion
     and Analysis

     BUSINESS REVIEW
     To align with evolving market dynamics and accelerate its transition to sustainable new energy business, the Group
     would continue to implement a strategic reallocation of resources to prioritise renewable energy initiatives. This
     realignment will involve gradually scaling back its green construction operations while intensifying investments in
     emerging energy sectors.

     Since 2022, the Company has invested in the high-efficiency photovoltaic (“PV”) N-type battery and the advanced PV
     component in Fengtai County. In 2024, phase I and phase II construction of the 3GW PV component and the 6GW
     PV battery project were completed and put into production. Phase III construction of the 7.5GW PV battery and the
     3.5GW component project is expected to be completed by the end of 2026. On the other hand, the Group has also
     planned to establish a new phase construction of 6GW PV battery and 5GW PV component project in Ningxia City,
     which is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2026 and put into production by the end of 2026.

     The transition would include but is not limited to: (i) redirecting capital, research and development efforts and human
     resources to strengthen capabilities in renewable energy technologies; (ii) establishing new energy solutions as
     the Group’s core growth driver while maintaining commitments to existing green construction projects; and (iii)
     implementing a phased approach to scale down green construction business line in 5-10 years.

     The Group is devoted to the concept of green development through PV power generation system and energy storage
     technology to create an energy-saving and sustainable living environment.

     During the Reporting Year, the Group was principally engaged in the business of (i) new energy and EPC; (ii) green
     building and construction related business; (iii) smart energy management services; (iv) health and wellness; and (v)
     F&B supply chain. The Group seeks to achieve synergistic value amongst the segments in order to obtain higher
     returns and greater business opportunities for the Group.

     New energy and EPC
     During the Reporting Year, the new energy and EPC segment recorded a revenue of approximately HK$8,530.3
     million (the year ended 31 December 2024 (”Previous Reporting Year”): approximately HK$4,127.5 million), which
     accounted for approximately 77.4% (Previous Reporting Year: approximately 68.4%) of the Group’s total revenue.
     The increase in revenue was in line with the completion of the phase II construction project of high-efficiency N-type
     battery at the end of 2024 as well as the achievement of full capacity of the 3GW PV component and the 6GW PV
     battery production during the Reporting Year.

     Green building and construction related business
     During the Reporting Year, the revenue from green building and construction related business segment was
     approximately HK$602.1 million (Previous Reporting Year: approximately HK$908.4 million), which accounted for
     approximately 5.5% (Previous Reporting Year: approximately 15.1%) of the Group’s total revenue. The decrease was
     in line with the Group’s business strategy to put more resources in the new energy and EPC segment and smart
     energy management service during the Reporting Year.

     Smart energy management services
     During the Reporting Year, the revenue in smart energy management services segment was approximately
     HK$111.6 million (Previous Reporting Year: approximately HK$65.9 million), which accounted for approximately 1.0%
     (Previous Reporting Year: approximately 1.1%) of the Group’s total revenue. The increase in revenue was consistent
     with the Group’s business strategy to put more resources in the new energy and EPC segment and smart energy
     management service during the Reporting Year.




06   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Management Discussion
and Analysis

Health and wellness
Health and wellness business includes provision of health and wellness services, which include the healthcare
consulting and supplying of healthcare products, green food and beauty products. During the Reporting Year,
the revenue in health and wellness business was approximately HK$1,772.8 million (Previous Reporting Year:
approximately HK$925.3 million), which accounted for approximately 16.1% (Previous Reporting Year: approximately
15.3%) of the Group’s total revenue. The increase was mainly due to a strong growth in sales volume of green food
products during the Reporting Year.

F&B supply chain
F&B supply chain includes supply chain services of agriculture products, frozen meats and other F&B materials.
During the Reporting Year, the revenue from F&B supply chain segment was nil (Previous Reporting Year:
approximately HK$5.1 million), which accounted for approximately 0% (Previous Reporting Year: approximately 0.1%)
of the Group’s total revenue. The decrease was consistent with the Group’s business strategy to put more resources
in the new energy and EPC segment and smart energy management service during the Reporting Year.

FUTURE PLANS AND PROSPECTS
During the Reporting Year, the Group has entered into certain framework agreements for, among others,
cooperation in project development in new energy, decarbonisation, sustainable aviation fuel and related industries,
upon the Board’s belief that such cooperation will allow the Group to leverage its experience and capabilities in the
development and operation of new energy projects while exploring opportunities in other new energy markets along
the “Belt and Road”. For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 8 April 2025, 7 May
2025, 11 June 2025, 25 August 2025, 26 August 2025, 19 September 2025 and 17 October 2025.

Meanwhile, the Group will continue to seek new green energy business opportunities, and to develop its high-
efficiency PV N-type battery and advanced PV component supply business in Fengtai County and Tongcheng City.

As we look to the future, our vision is clear to be a leading architect of a decentralized, resilient and clean energy
future. We are moving beyond simply manufacturing solar photovoltaic (PV) components and photovoltaic batteries,
we are engineering energy independence. Our strategic direction is built upon few core pillars in response to this
new global reality:

Accelerating Energy Independence: The volatility of fossil fuel markets, heavily influenced by global events, has
made energy security a national and individual priority. Solar power, once viewed primarily through an environmental
lens, is now recognized as a critical component of energy independence. The Group is committed to scaling up its
manufacturing capacity to meet this surging demand. The Group will provide the tools from high-efficiency residential
panels to utility-scale solar farm that allow nations, businesses, and homeowners to take control of its own energy
production, insulating themselves from external shocks and price fluctuations.

Strengthening Supply Chain Resilience: Recent global disruptions have exposed the vulnerabilities of concentrated
supply chains. The Group is proactively building a more robust and diversified supply network. By investing in
regional manufacturing partnerships and exploring innovative sourcing strategies, the Group is ensuring that its
customers receive reliable, uninterrupted access to our products.

Driving Innovation for a Demanding Future: The world’s energy needs are growing, and the need for reliable
power has never been more urgent. The Group’s R&D efforts are laser-focused on creating the next generation of
solar technology.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   07
     Management Discussion
     and Analysis

     The challenges facing the world are significant, but they have also accelerated the inevitable transition to clean
     energy. The Group sees a future where its solar panels are not just a product, but a cornerstone of a more peaceful,
     prosperous, and secure world. The Group is not just building a company; it is building the foundation for a future
     where energy is a source of empowerment, not conflict.

     The Group is confident in its path forward and committed to leading the charge towards a brighter, more resilient
     tomorrow.

     FINANCIAL REVIEW
     Revenue
     The Group’s revenue for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$11,016.8 million, i.e. about 82.6% more
     than that of approximately HK$6,032.0 million for the Previous Reporting Year. The improvement was primarily due
     to the combined effect of: (i) the increased revenue from the new energy and EPC segment which amounted to
     approximately HK$8,530.3 million (Previous Period: approximately HK$4,127.5 million) as a result of a growth in sales
     volume of PV components and high efficiency N-type battery; and (ii) the increased revenue from the health and
     wellness segment which amounted to approximately HK$1,772.8 million (Previous Period: approximately HK$925.3
     million).

                                                                                         Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                        31 December       31 December
                                                                                               2025               2024
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


     New energy and EPC                                                                     8,530,316         4,127,452
     Green building and construction related business                                         602,118           908,398
     Smart energy management services                                                         111,638            65,863
     Health and wellness                                                                    1,772,774           925,256
     F&B supply chain                                                                               –             5,057


                                                                                           11,016,846         6,032,026


     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     The Group’s gross profit for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$210.5 million, representing an
     increase of approximately 64.8% as compared with approximately HK$127.8 million for the Previous Reporting Year.
     The increase in gross profit was mainly due to increase in revenue from the new energy and EPC segment. The
     Group’s gross profit margin decreased from approximately 2.1% for the Previous Year to approximately 1.9% for the
     Reporting Year.

     Other Income and Gains
     The Group’s other income and gains for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$122.8 million,
     representing a decrease of approximately 32.8% as compared with approximately HK$182.7 million for the Previous
     Reporting Year. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in government grants and gains from disposal of
     subsidiaries during the Reporting Year.

     Administrative and Other Operating Expenses
     The Group’s administrative and other operating expenses for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately
     HK$164.5 million, representing a decrease of approximately 4.8% as compared with approximately HK$172.8 million
     for the Previous Reporting Year. The decrease is mainly due to decrease in labour cost as a result of the adoption
     intelligent and automated machines to replace the manual labor with automated system during the Reporting Year.




08   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Management Discussion
and Analysis

Income Tax Expense
The Group’s income tax expenses for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$21.6 million (Previous
Reporting Year: approximately HK$2.2 million). Such increase was in line with the increase in revenue during the
Reporting Year.

Net Profit
The Group reported a net profit for the Reporting Year of approximately HK$60.7 million as compared to the net
profit of approximately HK$54.1 million for the Previous Reporting Year. The increase in net profit was in line with
the increase in revenue and the decrease in administrative and other operating expenses during the Reporting Year.

Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortisation (“EBITDA”)
Non-HKFRS measures are to supplement the Group’s financial results which are presented in accordance with
HKFRS Accounting Standards. EBITDA is used as an additional financial measure. The Group believes that non-
HKFRS measures provide useful information to investors and others to understand and evaluate the Group’s
consolidated results for the purpose of comparison across accounting periods and with those of its peer companies.

The following table sets forth the Group’s non-HKFRSs financial data for the Reporting Year and the Previous
Reporting Year:

                                                                                    Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                   31 December       31 December
                                                                                          2025               2024
                                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000


Profit for the year                                                                       60,734            54,098
Interest income                                                                          (17,979)           (9,864)
Finance costs                                                                             66,564            51,385
Taxation                                                                                  21,558             2,185
Depreciation                                                                             190,814           142,081


EBITDA                                                                                   321,691           239,885

EBITDA for the Reporting Year amounted to a profit of approximately HK$321.7 million as compared with a profit of
approximately HK$239.9 million for the Previous Reporting Year.

LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE
During the Reporting Year, the Group funded its liquidity and capital requirements primarily through capital
contributions and cash inflow generated from operating activities.

As at the end of the Reporting Year, the Group had cash and bank balances of approximately HK$324.2 million
(Previous Reporting Year: approximately HK$265.9 million).

As at the end of the Reporting Year, the share capital and equity attributable to owners of the Company amounted to
approximately HK$2.6 million and HK$1,505.2 million, respectively (Previous Reporting Year: approximately HK$2.6
million and HK$1,114.1 million, respectively).

The current ratio was 1.1 times during the Reporting Year (Previous Reporting Year: 1.2 times).




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   09
     Management Discussion
     and Analysis

     Foreign Exchange Risk
     The Group mainly operates in Hong Kong and the PRC in 2025. Accordingly, all operating transactions and revenue
     are settled in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi, United States dollars and Japanese Yen subjecting the Group to foreign
     exchange risk. The Group has actively taken various measures to manage foreign exchange risk.

     MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
     Save as disclosed in Note 37, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates
     or joint ventures during the Reporting Year.

     CHARGES ON ASSETS
     Save as disclosed in Notes 14, 25 and 33 of the Financial Statements, the Group did not have any significant charges
     on its assets as at 31 December 2025.

     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT
     The Group did not hold any significant investments during the Reporting Year.

     FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
     There was no specific future plan for material investments or capital assets as at 31 December 2025.

     EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
     The Group had 699 employees (including full-time and casual employees who are paid on a daily basis) as at 31
     December 2025 (Previous Reporting Year: 1,118). Total staff costs including Directors’ emoluments, salaries, wages
     and other staff benefits, contributions and retirement schemes, provisions for staff long service payment and
     untaken paid leave for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$133.0 million (Previous Reporting Year:
     approximately HK$184.5 million). The remuneration policy and package of the Group’s employees are periodically
     reviewed. Apart from mandatory provident fund and job training programs, salary increment and discretionary
     bonuses may be awarded to employees upon approval by the Board according to the Group’s operating results,
     individual performance and market situation.

     CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
     The Group had capital commitments for an acquisition of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets
     amounted to approximately HK$222.6 million as at 31 December 2025 (Previous Reporting Year: approximately
     HK$842.4 million).

     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     Subsidiaries of the Company are involved in a number of potential claims relating to employees’ compensation cases
     and personal injury claims as well as summonses for safety-related incidents in the ordinary course of business
     as at the date of this report. The Directors considered that the possibility of any outflow in settling (i) the potential
     personal injury claims were remote as these claims were well covered by insurance; and (ii) the summonses will
     be insignificant to the business of the Group. Accordingly, no provision for the contingent liabilities in respect of the
     potential personal injury claims and the summonses is necessary after due consideration of each case.

     FINAL DIVIDEND
     The Board did not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Reporting Year (Previous Reporting Year: Nil).

     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING YEAR
     There had been no significant event since the end of the Reporting Year and up to the date of this report.




10   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Biographies of Directors and
Senior Management

Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out as follows:

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Yu Zhuyun (余竹雲), a PRC national, has been an executive Director and the chairman of the Board (the
“Chairman”) since October 2019, and was appointed as the chief executive officer (the “CEO”) in April 2020.
Mr. Yu Zhuyun is a pioneer and practitioner in the field of photovoltaic new energy, the coordinated development of
the hydrogen-ammonia-methanol industry and the construction and operation of zero-carbon industrial parks in the
PRC. As an entrepreneur, he has over 20 years of experience primarily in corporate management and investment
across multiple industries, including the new energy sector. He founded Anhui Central Holding Group Co., Ltd. (安
徽中環控股集團有限公司) (“Anhui Central”) in 2004, which has now developed into a diversified industrial group
engaged in the manufacturing of photovoltaic new energy cells and modules, integrated energy management
covering generation-grid-load-storage, the hydrogen-ammonia-methanol industrial chain, and new energy + AI
businesses. Mr. Yu is currently serving as the chairman of the Board of Central New Energy Holding Group and the
chairman of the board of directors of Anhui Central.

Mr. Yu currently holds numerous public positions, including standing committee member of the All-China Youth
Federation (中華全國青年聯合會), standing vice president of the China Federation of Overseas Chinese Entrepreneurs
(中國僑商聯合會), standing council member of the China Society for Promotion of the Guangcai Program (中國光彩
事業促進會), council member of the China Young Volunteers Association (中國青年志願者協會), permanent standing
council member of the China Mergers & Acquisitions Association (中國併購公會), standing president of the New
Energy Chamber of Commerce of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce (全國工商聯新能源商會), vice
president of the Anhui Federation of Industry and Commerce (安徽省工商業聯合會), member of the 11th, 12th and
13th Anhui Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (中國人民政治協商會議第
十一屆、十二屆、十三屆安徽省委員會), vice president of the Guangdong-HK-Macao Greater Bay Area Entrepreneurs
Alliance (粵港澳大灣區企業家聯盟), standing vice president of the Anhui Fraternity Association (Hong Kong) (香港
安徽聯誼總會), founding president of the HK Hefei Association (香港合肥同鄉聯合會), president of the Hong Kong
Industrial & Commercial Association (香港工商總會), rotating chairman of the Shanghai Entrepreneur Association (新
滬商聯合會), founding president of the Anhui New Energy Chamber of Commerce (安徽省新能源商會), and standing
vice president of the Anhui International Chamber of Commerce (安徽省國際商會).

Mr. Yu obtained a Master of Business Administration from Hong Kong Baptist University in November 2007; and
an Executive Master of Business Administration from Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business (長江商學院) in
the PRC in September 2013. Mr. Yu Zhuyun has long been committed to charitable and philanthropic activities,
with cumulative donations exceeding RMB90 million. He has received numerous honours, including “China Good
Samaritan”, “Nominee Award for National Moral Model”, “Anhui Moral Model”, “National Advanced Individual
in the Private Economy for Combating COVID-19”, “Anhui Charity Award — Charity Role Model (Individual)”, and
“Outstanding Individual in Promoting Higher-quality Integrated Development in the Yangtze River Delta Region of
Anhui Province”.

Mr. Li Menglin (李夢琳), aged 69, has been an executive Director since 30 April 2020. Mr. Li has extensive
experience in the banking and financial services sectors in the PRC. During the period from April 1998 to September
2017, he held various senior positions at the Anhui provincial branch of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China,
including the president of Anqing branch, chief of the education department, chief manager of real estate financing
department, head of stock reform office, chief manager of company services II department, and manager and senior
manager of small-sized enterprises financing department. From September 2017 to July 2019, he served as the
chairman of the board and the president of Anhui Xin’an Bank* (安徽新安銀行), and has been serving as a consultant
of Anhui Xin’an Bank since June 2019.

Mr. Li received the awards of Model Individual in Consumer Credits Management Works of 2005* (2005年度中國工
商銀行消費信貸管理工作先進個人), Annual Excellent Performance by the Anhui Provincial Branch of the Industrial and
Commercial Bank of China* (中國工商銀行省行本部年度考核優秀等次) in 2007, 2013 and 2015 and Model Worker in
the Innovative Work in the Finance Sector in Anhui Province of 2010* (2010年度安徽省金融創新工作先進個人).

Mr. Li obtained a Bachelor of Economics in Finance awarded by Anhui University of Finance and Economics in
July 1982. He was awarded a Master of Business Administration (International) by the University of Hong Kong in
December 2003 in the IMBA Programme co-organised by the University of Hong Kong and Fudan University (復旦大
學) in the PRC.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   11
     Biographies of Directors and
     Senior Management

     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. Qiao Xiaoge (喬曉戈), aged 59, has been a non-executive Director since 4 October 2019. He is also a member
     of the Audit Committee. Mr. Qiao is experienced in the field of real estate development and construction. During the
     period from March 2000 to November 2003, he served as a deputy general manager of the predecessor company
     of Wanda Commercial Properties (Group) Co., Ltd.* (萬達商業地產(集團)有限公司), a private property developer.
     He then served as a vice president of Sunac Huabei Development Group Co., Ltd.* (融創華北發展集團有限公司),
     a company principally engaged in real estate development and commercial property leasing, from January 2004 to
     June 2006. He has been serving as the president of Anhui Central since August 2011.

     Mr. Qiao graduated from Hefei University (合肥學院) in the PRC in July 1991.

     Ms. Zhu Yujuan (朱玉娟), aged 47, has been a non-executive Director since 4 October 2019. She is also a member
     of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. Ms. Zhu joined Anhui Central in February
     2009. She had served in various positions in Anhui Central, including general manager of the administrative and
     human resources management center and assistant to the president. She is currently serving as a vice president of
     Anhui Central.

     Ms. Zhu graduated from Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業大學) and the Institute of Psychology of the
     Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院心理研究所) in the PRC in January 2009 and February 2011, respectively.

     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Dr. Li David Xianglin (李祥林), aged 63, has been an independent non-executive Director since 4 October 2019.
     He is also the chairperson of the Remuneration Committee and a member of each of the Audit Committee and the
     Nomination Committee. Dr. Li is currently a professor of finance at the Shanghai Advanced Institute of Finance (上海
     高級金融學院), an associate dean, the director of the risk management research center (風險管理研究中心) and the
     director of the FinTech Research Center (金融科技研究中心) of the Chinese Academy of Financial Research (中國
     金融研究院), and a co-director of the Master of Finance program in Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學) in
     the PRC. Prior to joining Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學), he had served in leading financial institutions
     for more than two decades. He was the head of global credit derivatives research of Citigroup from October 2001 to
     June 2004, the head of quantitative analysis of credit derivatives of Barclays Capital from June 2004 to April 2008,
     the chief risk officer of China International Capital Corporation Limited from May 2008 to January 2012, the director
     of senior management and the head of modeling for AIG Investments from January 2012 to March 2016, and the
     senior vice president of investment and the person-in-charge of the risk analytics and methodology department of
     Prudential Financial, Inc. from March 2016 to December 2017.

     Dr. Li obtained a Master of Business Administration from Laval University in Canada in May 1991. He further
     obtained a Master of Mathematics (Actuarial Science) and a Doctor of Philosophy (Statistics) from the University of
     Waterloo in Canada in May 1992 and October 1995, respectively.

     Dr. Li has served as an independent non-executive director of Lufax Holding Ltd, the shares of which are listed on
     the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6623), since 2021.

     Mr. Wang Wenxing (王文星), aged 57, has been an independent non-executive Director since 4 October 2019 and
     has been designated as the lead independent non-executive Director since 14 July 2025. He is also the chairperson
     of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee.

     Mr. Wang is currently serving as a senior tax consultant of Triangle Accounting Limited and an international tax
     consultant of Mind & Sun Partners in Shanghai. He has also been serving as a senior partner, the chief accountant
     and the quality control director of Anthony Chen CPA, PLLC since February 2009. During the period from May 1995
     to March 2003, he served as a project manager in the Guangzhou Branch of the China Council for the Promotion of
     International Trade (中國國際貿易促進委員會廣州市分會)(also known as the Guangzhou Chamber of Commerce of
     the China International Chamber of Commerce (中國國際商會廣州市商會)). He was the chief tax accountant of the
     high net value business department of AIA China from April 2015 to June 2017.

     Mr. Wang obtained a Master of Science from the City University of New York in the United States in February 2008.
     He has been enrolled to practice before the Internal Revenue Service of the Department of the Treasury of the
     United States since November 2010.

     Mr. Wang served as an independent non-executive director of King’s Stone Holdings Group Limited (formerly known
     as Silver Tide Holdings Limited), the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
     1943), from October 2022 to July 2025.

12   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Biographies of Directors and
Senior Management

Dr. Zhou Chunsheng (周春生), aged 60, has been an independent non-executive Director since 4 October 2019. He
is also a member of each of the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.

Dr. Zhou is currently a professor of Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business (長江商學院) in the PRC. He has
served as an independent non-executive director of Transfar Zhilian Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange (stock code: 002010), from November 2015 to 2024, a director of Nanda Automation Technology
Jiangsu Co., Ltd, a company then listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations Co., Ltd. (stock code:
834876), and an independent non-executive director of Kunwu Jiuding Investment Holdings Co., Limited (“Kunwu
Holdings”), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600053), from March 2016 to January
2022. The Company was notified on 8 October 2021 that an announcement was made by Kunwu Holdings on
25 September 2021 in relation to, among other things, the receipt of a decision on administrative supervision
measures《(中國證券監督管理委員會江西監管局行政監管措施決定書》) from Jiangxi Regulatory Bureau of China
Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”) (中國證券監督管理委員會江西監管局) by Kunwu Holdings and the
secretary to the board of directors of Kunwu Holdings. To the Directors’ best knowledge, information and belief, Dr.
Zhou is not involved in the day-to-day management of Kunwu Holdings, and has not been subject to any sanction,
administrative penalty or criticism by the CSRC and the Shanghai Stock Exchange. For further details, please refer
to the announcement of the Company dated 11 October 2021. He has also been a director of Guanghua Tiancheng
Investments Co., Ltd. since March 2007, and an independent non- executive director of Hua Chuang Securities
Brokerage Co., Ltd. and China Southern Fund Management Co., Ltd. since June 2007.

Dr. Zhou served as an independent non-executive director of Pine Technology Holdings Limited, the shares of which
are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1079), from July 2017 to November 2025, and an
independent non-executive director of Zhonghong Holdings Co., Limited (“Zhonghong Holdings”), a company then
listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000979), from May 2008 to April 2020. The Board was informed
by Dr. Zhou on 23 October 2019 that Zhonghong Holdings, a company of which Dr. Zhou served as an independent
non-executive director, received an Investigation Notice (《調查通知書》) from the CSRC on 14 August 2018. To
the best knowledge, information and belief of the Board, Dr. Zhou is not involved in the day-to-day management of
Zhonghong Holdings, and has not been subject to any censure, administrative penalty or criticism by the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange and the CSRC. For further details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 25
October 2019. Dr. Zhou also served as an independent non-executive director of China ITS (Holdings) Co., Ltd.,
the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1900), from September 2008 to June 2018, an
independent non-executive director of Green Leader Holdings Group Limited, the shares of which are listed on
the Stock Exchange (stock code: 61), from June 2013 to August 2019, an independent non-executive director of
Guosheng Financial Holding Inc., a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002670), from
July 2015 to April 2020, and an independent director of Leshan City Commercial Bank, from August 2012 to January
2019.

Dr. Zhou was an economist of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board from April 1995 to September 1997, where he was
responsible for the analysis, control and management of financial risks, an assistant professor at the University of
California (Riverside) from September 1997 to April 2001, an associate professor of the Business School of the
University of Hong Kong from July 2000 to July 2001, a commissioner of the Development and Strategy Committee
of the CSRC (中國證券監督管理及規劃委員會委員) from April 2001 to December 2001, and a finance professor of the
Guanghua School of Management at Peking University (北京大學) from July 2001 to December 2006.

Dr. Zhou obtained a Master of Science from Peking University (北京大學) in the PRC in July 1988, and a Doctor of
Economics from Princeton University in the United States in May 1995.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   13
     Biographies of Directors and
     Senior Management

     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Ms. Hu Longzhi (胡龍芝), aged 50, was the financial controller of the Group since 2019 and was subsequently
     promoted to the chief financial officer of the Group in 2023. She is currently tasked with the Group's corporate affairs
     and overall management of the financial management center. She has more than 15 years of experience in auditing,
     financing and financial management of listed companies. Meanwhile, she has a comprehensive financial knowledge
     system, including financial and tax policy, operation analysis, budget management, cost control and accounting.
     During Ms. Hu's tenure, she has improved and standardised the Group’s financial control system, established and
     enhanced the Group’s financing system and financing model.

     Mr. Tung Tat Chiu (佟達釗), aged 63, was appointed as the company secretary of the Company (“Company
     Secretary") on 3 May 2023. Mr. Tung is the senior partner of Tung & Co., the Company’s legal advisers as to Hong
     Kong laws. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in law and accounting from The University of Manchester, the United
     Kingdom. He has over 35 years of experience as practising lawyer in Hong Kong. He is also a China-Appointed
     Attesting Officer. He was qualified as a lawyer of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area recognised by the
     Department of Justice of Guangzhou Province of the PRC in June 2024. Mr. Tung currently serves as a joint company
     secretary of Jiangxi Copper Company Limited (stock code: 358), Harbin Electric Company Limited (stock code: 1133)
     and Qingling Motors Co. Ltd (stock code: 1122), respectively, and as the sole company secretary of City Coolxuan
     Company Limited (formerly known as Quantum Thinking Limited (stock code: 8050)), ContiOcean Environment Tech
     Group Co., Ltd. (stock code: 2613) and TATA Health International Holdings Limited (stock code: 1255) respectively.
     He is an external service provider engaged by the Company to provide company secretarial services.

     English translation of names in Chinese which is marked with “*” in this annual report is for identification purposes only.




14   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

The Board is pleased to present the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the Reporting Year (the “Financial Statements”).

CORPORATE REORGANISATION
The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on 29 March 2017. The Company completed
the corporate reorganisation (the “Reorganisation”) on 8 March 2018 in preparation for the listing of the shares of
the Company (the “Shares”) on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, pursuant to which the Company became the
holding company of the companies now comprising the Group. Details of the Reorganisation are set out in the section
headed “History and Development — Reorganisation” in the prospectus of the Company dated 19 March 2018.

The Company has a principal place of business in Hong Kong at Unit 2102–03 & 10–12, 21/F, K. Wah Centre, 191
Java Road, North Point, Hong Kong.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in Note 12 to
the Financial Statements.

SUBSIDIARIES
Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries during the Reporting Year are set out in Note 12 to the Financial
Statements.

BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review and outlook of the Group for the Reporting Year are set out in the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.

SEGMENTAL INFORMATION
Details of segment reporting are set out in Note 5 to the Financial Statements.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the Reporting Year and the financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2025 are
set out in the Financial Statements on pages 47 to 49 of this annual report.

FINAL DIVIDENDS
The Board did not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Reporting Year (Previous Reporting Year: Nil).

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The annual general meeting (the “AGM”) of the Company will be held in the manner required under the Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) on Friday, 26
June 2026. A notice convening the AGM will be issued and sent to the Shareholders in due course.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
In order to establish entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM to be held on Friday, 26 June 2026, the register of
members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 23 June 2026 to Friday, 26 June 2026, both days inclusive,
during which period no transfer of Shares will be effected. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM,
all transfer of Shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the
Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited, at 2103B, 21/F, 148
Electric Road, North Point, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 22 June 2026.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   15
     Directors’
     Report

     KEY RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     The Group’s financial condition, results of operation, business and prospects may be affected by a number of risks
     and uncertainties. The followings are the key risks and uncertainties identified by the Group relating to its business:

     A significant portion of the Group’s revenue was generated from contracts awarded by a
     limited number of customers, and any significant decrease in the number of projects with major
     customers may materially and adversely affect its financial condition and operating results
     A significant portion of the Group’s revenue was derived from a limited number of customers during the Reporting
     Year. There is no assurance that the Group will continue to obtain contracts from its major customers, and in the
     event that it is unable to secure suitable projects of a comparable size and quantity as replacements from other
     customers, the Group’s financial condition and operating results would be materially and adversely affected. In
     addition, in the event that the Group’s major customers experience any liquidity problem, they may delay or default
     in their payments to the Group, in which case the Group’s business, financial positions and prospects could be
     materially and adversely affected.

     Any failure to accurately estimate the project costs in tenders and/or any delay in completion of
     projects may lead to cost overruns or even result in losses
     The Group’s ability to submit tender proposals at a competitive price with adequate profit margin to maintain its
     profitability depends on various factors. The Group determines the tender price by taking into account factors
     including the scope and complexity of the project, site conditions, project time frame, estimated construction
     materials costs, labour and machinery requirements and capacity, extent of subcontracted works required,
     relationship with customers and prevailing market conditions. In addition, the Group may be subject to liquidated
     damages due to delay in completing the projects, calculated on the basis of a fixed sum per day or according to
     certain mechanism as stipulated under the contracts. Any material inaccurate estimation in the time and costs
     involved in a project may give rise to delays in completion of works and/or costs overruns, which in turn may
     materially and adversely affect the Group’s financial condition, profitability and liquidity.

     The Group is required to comply with various environmental, safety and health laws and
     regulations which are extensive and the compliance of which may be onerous or expensive
     As part of the Group’s construction business operation in the PRC, it is required to comply with various and
     extensive environmental as well as health and safety laws and regulations promulgated by the PRC government
     and the governments of other overseas jurisdictions in which it operates. If the Group fails to comply with these
     laws and regulations, it could be exposed to penalties, fines, suspension or revocation of its licenses or permits to
     conduct business, administrative proceedings and litigation. Given the magnitude and complexity of these laws and
     regulations, compliance with them or the establishment of effective monitoring systems may be onerous or require
     a significant amount of financial and other resources. As these laws and regulations continue to evolve, there can be
     no assurance that the PRC government or the governments of other overseas jurisdictions in which the Group has
     operations will not impose additional or more onerous laws or regulations, compliance with which may cause it to
     incur significantly increased costs, which it may not be able to pass on to its customers.

     The Group requires permits or licenses to undertake its business operations and any loss, termination or non-renewal
     of these permits or licenses could have a significant and adverse impact on its business.

     The Group requires permits and licenses issued by the relevant government agencies to conduct its business and it
     must comply with the restrictions and conditions imposed by various levels of government to maintain its permits
     and licenses. If the Group fails to comply with any of the regulations required for the maintenance of its permits and
     licenses, its permits and licenses could be temporarily suspended or even revoked.




16   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

The Group’s business in dependent on changes in Governmental Policies and Incentives
•   Our business is significantly influenced by governmental policies and incentives relating to new energy and
    photovoltaic (“PV”) industries, including feed-in tariffs, tax incentives, subsidies, renewable portfolio standards,
    and carbon neutrality targets. Any reduction, withdrawal, delay in implementation or material change of such
    policies may materially and adversely affect the demand for our products, selling prices, project economics and
    our overall financial performance.

The Group’s business may face the risk from trade barriers and protectionism:
•   We face risks from trade protectionist measures, including anti-dumping and countervailing duties, import
    tariffs, import quotas, and licensing requirements imposed by major markets such as the European Union, the
    United States, and other regions. Such measures may restrict our access to key markets, increase costs, and
    lead to a decline in sales volume and market share.

The Group’s business may be affected by volatility of Global Energy Transition:
•   The progress of global energy transition, geopolitical situations, and global economic cycles may affect the
    pace of PV installations and investment in renewable energy, thereby impacting the demand and pricing of our
    solar PV modules and cells.

The Group’s business may face industry overcapacity and price Competition
•   The PV industry is cyclical and characterized by rapid capacity expansion. Persistent overcapacity may trigger
    intense price competition, resulting in downward pressure on average selling prices and gross profit margins of
    our products, which could materially harm our profitability and financial condition.

The Group may face intense market competition:
•   The market for solar PV modules and cells is highly competitive, with numerous domestic and international
    manufacturers. We may fail to maintain our competitive edge in terms of technology, cost control, product
    quality, brand reputation, and scale, leading to loss of market share and weaker profitability.

Customer Concentration Risk:
•   A substantial portion of our revenue may be derived from a limited number of large customers. The loss, delay
    in payment, or financial difficulties of any key customer could have a material adverse effect on our revenue,
    cash flow and business operations.

Fluctuations in Raw Material Prices:
•   Our production costs are highly sensitive to prices of upstream raw materials, including polysilicon, silver paste,
    glass, aluminium frames, and wafers. Sharp and prolonged increases in raw material costs may reduce our
    gross profit margins and adversely affect our financial performance.

Supply Chain Disruptions:
•   Our operations are exposed to risks of supply chain disruptions arising from geopolitical tensions, logistics
    bottlenecks, pandemics, natural disasters, shortages of key components, or production halts of major suppliers.
    Any such disruption may delay production, increase costs, and impair our ability to fulfill customer orders.

Rapid Technological Obsolescence:
•   The PV industry is subject to rapid technological evolution, such as the transition from P-type PERC to N-type
    technologies including TOPCon and HJT, and advancements in cell conversion efficiency. Failure to timely
    adopt emerging technologies, invest in research and development (“R&D”), or successfully commercialize new
    products may render our existing products and facilities obsolete, and result in loss of competitive advantage.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   17
     Directors’
     Report

     R&D and Investment Uncertainty:
     •       Developing and scaling new technologies requires substantial capital expenditure and R&D resources. There
             is no guarantee that our R&D efforts will result in commercially viable products, achieve expected cost
             reductions, or meet market demand.

     High Capital Intensity and Liquidity Risk:
     •       Our business requires substantial upfront investment in manufacturing facilities, production lines, and R&D.
             High fixed costs and capital expenditure may increase our financial leverage and strain our liquidity. Any
             tightening of credit markets or difficulty in accessing financing may adversely affect our operations and expansion
             plans.

     EHS Regulations and Penalties:
     •       Our operations are subject to stringent EHS laws and regulations regarding emissions, waste disposal, energy
             consumption and workplace safety. Non-compliance may result in fines, suspension of production, remedial
             orders, or reputational damage, which could disrupt our operations and increase costs.

     The Group may not be able to complete or deliver its development projects on time and face
     substantial development risks before it realises any benefits from them
     Property development projects require substantial capital expenditures prior to and during the construction period.
     It may take longer than a year from the commencement of construction before a property development project can
     generate cash flow through pre-sales, sales or leases. The progress and costs of a property development project can
     be materially and adversely affected by many factors, including, without limitation to:

     i)      Delays in obtaining necessary licenses, permits or approvals from government agencies or authorities;

     ii)     Relocation of existing residents or demolition of existing structures;

     iii)    Increase in costs of materials, equipment, contractors and skilled labour;

     iv)     Availability and cost of financing;

     v)      Failure of contractors or suppliers to provide products and services as anticipated, due to financial difficulties or
             other reasons;

     vi)     Labour disputes;

     vii)    Construction accidents;

     viii)   Natural catastrophes;

     ix)     Adverse weather conditions; and

     x)      Changes in government policies.

     The Group cannot assure that it will not experience any significant delays in the completion or delivery of any of its
     property development projects or that it will not be subject to any liabilities for any such delays. Such disruptions may
     materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial position.




18   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

The Group’s trading of construction materials business are exposed to credit risk of its customers
The Group generally does not grant any credit period for enterprises which are subject to litigation in respect of
construction material agreements disputes, administrative penalty and outstanding tax arrears. Depending on factors
including but not limited to their scale of operation, prospect and size of future sales, trading and payment history and
the Group’s business relationship with them, it generally grants its customers a credit period of 7 days to 270 days.

The Group cannot assure that any of its customers which have been granted credit period can fulfil their obligations
under the construction material agreements entered into with them. Any default by the Group’s customers on their
obligations under such agreements with them may have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position
and results of operations.

The Group may be affected by overcapacity in the PV new energy sector
Rapid expansion and supply-demand imbalance in the PRC resulted in a surge in the PRC’s PV manufacturing
capacity, with production of polysilicon, wafers, cells, and modules exceeding 1,000 GW by 2023, while global
demand is projected to reach only 400–500 GW annually. This mismatch risks severe oversupply, leading to price
collapses and reduced profitability. Intense competition among manufacturers, particularly in low-margin segments
like modules, has triggered price wars. Module prices fell by 50% between 2022 and 2023, squeezing margins and
forcing smaller players to exit the market.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years/period is set out
on page 128 of this annual report.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Year are set out in
Note 14 to the Financial Statements.

INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Details of the movements in the intangible assets of the Group during the Reporting Year are set out in Note 17 to
the Financial Statements.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements during the Reporting Year in the share capital of the Company are set out in Note 26 to the
Financial Statements.

DEBENTURES
The Company did not issue any debenture during the Reporting Year.

RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Company during the Reporting Year are set out in Note 39(b) to the
Financial Statements.

As at 31 December 2025, the Company had reserves amounting to approximately HK$554.9 million available
for distribution as calculated in accordance with statutory provisions applicable in the Cayman Islands (Previous
Reporting Year: approximately HK$571.5 million).




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   19
     Directors’
     Report

     DIRECTORS
     The Directors who held office during the Reporting Year and up to the date of this annual report are:

     Executive Directors
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. Li Menglin

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Qiao Xiaoge
     Ms. Zhu Yujuan

     Independent non-executive Directors
     Mr. Wang Wenxing (Lead independent non-executive Director) (Effective from 14 July 2025)
     Dr. Li David Xianglin
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng

     The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
     Management” in this annual report.

     Save as disclosed in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior Management” and the changes in the
     Directors’ emoluments as disclosed in Note 9 to the Financial Statements, there are no other changes in Directors’
     information which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the publication
     of the Company’s 2025 Interim Report.

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACT
     Each of the Directors has entered into an appointment contract with the Company for a term of three years, subject
     to retirement by rotation at the AGM, and each of them shall be eligible for re-election in accordance with the second
     amended and restated articles of association of the Company (the “Restated Articles”). Mr. Qiao Xiaoge, Mr. Wang
     Wenxing and Dr. Zhou Chunsheng shall retire from office by rotation and, being eligible, shall offer themselves for re-
     election at the AGM.

     No Directors proposed for re-election at the AGM has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable
     by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
     The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent non-executive
     Directors pursuant to the Listing Rules. The Company considers the independent non-executive Directors to be
     independent pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     No contracts, other than the appointment contracts and employment contracts, concerning the management and
     administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed
     during the Reporting Year.




20   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SECURITIES
As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of the associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong (the “SFO”))
which have been notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
SFO (including any interest or short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
SFO) or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or have
been, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules, notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange were as follows:

(i)    Long/Short positions in the Shares

                                                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                          Number of               percentage of
                                                                                                        Shares held/                 interest in
       Name of Director                   Capacity/Nature of interest                                   interested in             the Company


       Mr. Yu Zhuyun                      Interest in a controlled corporation                     2,890,378,320 (L)                       68.43%
                                                                                                     126,000,000 (S)                        2.98%
                                                                                                    Notes 1, 2 and 3

       Ms. Zhu Yujuan                     Beneficial owner                                                     480,000                      0.01%

       Mr. Li Menglin                     Beneficial owner                                                     320,000                      0.01%

       Notes:


       1.       “L” denotes long position and “S” denotes short position.


       2.       Mr. Yu Zhuyun holds the entire issued share capital in Central Culture Resource Group Limited (“Central Culture”) and Central Culture
                directly holds approximately 68.43% of the total number of issued Shares. Therefore, Mr. Yu Zhuyun is taken to be interested in the
                number of Shares held by Central Culture pursuant to Part XV of the SFO.


       3.       On 19 November 2025, Central Culture entered into an equity collar financing transaction with Citigroup Global Markets Limited
                ("Citi") in respect of which Central Culture entered into certain call and put options referencing shares of the listed corporation and
                has delivered the relevant number of shares to Citi under a Credit Support Annex which will be returned by Citi upon termination of
                the transaction unless otherwise agreed. Please refer to Forms 2 of Central Culture and Forms 3A of Mr. Yu Zhuyun both filed on 19
                November 2025 and 10 December 2025, respectively, for details.


(ii)   Long positions in the ordinary shares of associated corporations of the Company

                                                                                                                  Number of         Percentage of
                                                                                    Capacity/                    shares held/        issued share
       Name of Director            Name of associated corporation                   Nature of interest             interested              capital


       Mr. Yu Zhuyun               Central Culture                                  Beneficial owner                    50,000                100%

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
interests and/or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which
they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or pursuant to the Model Code and which were
required to be entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO.


                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025       21
     Directors’
     Report

     Substantial Shareholders’ and other persons’ interests and short positions in Shares and
     underlying Shares
     As at 31 December 2025, so far as is known to the Directors, the following persons (not being a Director or chief
     executive of the Company) had interest or short position in Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which
     would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
     XV of the SFO or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to the section
     336 of the SFO:

     Long positions in the Shares

                                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                              Number of               percentage of
                                                                                                            Shares held/                 interest in
     Name of Shareholder                       Capacity/Nature of interest                                  interested in             the Company


     Central Culture                           Beneficial owner                                         2,890,378,320 (L)                      68.43%
                                                                                                          126,000,000 (S)                       2.98%
                                                                                                          (Notes 1 and 2)

     Notes:


     1.       “L” denotes long position and “S” denotes short position.


     2.       On 19 November 2025, Central Culture entered into an equity collar financing transaction with Citigroup Global Markets Limited ("Citi") in
              respect of which Central Culture entered into certain call and put options referencing shares of the listed corporation and has delivered the
              relevant number of shares to Citi under a Credit Support Annex which will be returned by Citi upon termination of the transaction unless
              otherwise agreed. Please refer to Forms 2 of Central Culture filed on 19 November 2025 and 10 December 2025, respectively, for details.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, the Directors were not aware of any person or corporation (other
     than the Directors and the chief executives) who had any interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares
     of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
     XV of the SFO, or pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the
     Company.

     ARRANGEMENTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
     Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests in Securities” above and
     the paragraph headed “Share Option Scheme” below, at no time during the Reporting Year were rights to acquire
     benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their
     respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the
     Company, its holdings company, or and any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, a party to any arrangement to
     enable the Directors, or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights by means of
     the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company of any other body corporate.

     DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS,
     ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
     Save as disclosed in the paragraphs headed “Connected Transactions and Continuing Connected Transactions”
     below and in Note 35 to the Financial Statements, there was no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance,
     to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries, its parent company, or its parent company’s subsidiaries was
     a party, and in which a Director or any entity connected with a Director had a material interest, whether directly
     and indirectly, subsisting as at 31 December 2025 or any time during the Reporting Year, nor was there any other
     transaction, arrangement or contract of significance in relation to the Group’s business between the Company or any
     of its subsidiaries and a controlling Shareholder or any of its subsidiaries.



22   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
Pursuant to the Restated Articles, every Director shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company
against all losses or liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her
office or otherwise in relation thereto.

The Company has maintained appropriate Directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in respect of legal actions against
them arising out of corporate activities and such permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors are
currently in force.

MAJOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS
For the Reporting Year, the aggregate purchase attributable to the Group’s largest supplier and the five largest
suppliers accounted for approximately 12.6% and 26.3%, respectively, of the Group’s total purchases for the
Reporting Year (Previous Reporting Year: approximately 9.1% and 23.5%, respectively). For the Reporting Year,
revenue attributable to the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers in aggregate accounted
for approximately 13.5% and 29.8% respectively, of the Group’s total revenue for the Reporting Year (Previous
Reporting Year: approximately 20.4% and 41.1%, respectively).

To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, none of the Directors, their close associates or any Shareholders (which,
to the best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the number of issued share capital of the Company)
had an interest in the Group’s five largest suppliers or customers.

KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND OTHERS
Employees
The Group recognises employees as its valuable assets. The Group provides competitive remuneration packages
to attract, motivate and retain appropriate and suitable personnel. The Group has also adopted an annual review
system to assess the performance of its staff, which forms the basis of the Group’s decisions with respect to salary
increment and promotions. The Group ensures all staff are reasonable remunerated and also continues to improve
and regularly review and update its policies on remuneration and benefits, training, occupational health and safety.

Customers
The Group has maintained long-standing business relationship with the majority of its five largest customers. The
Group endeavors to accommodate its customers’ demands to the extent its resources allow in order to capture more
opportunities for larger scale projects in the future.

Suppliers and subcontractors
The Group has an approved list of suppliers and selects suppliers from the list based on the quality of products or
services, timeliness of delivery, experience of and length of partnership with suppliers, competitiveness of pricing
and reputation of suppliers.

Subject to the Group’s capacity and resource level and depending on the types of construction works as well as cost
effectiveness and complexity of the projects, the Group may subcontract certain works to other subcontractors.
The Group maintains an internal list of approved subcontractors and selects them based on their experience, quality
of works, timeliness of completion for past projects, reputation in the industry, past performances, pricing and the
Group’s relationship with them.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   23
     Directors’
     Report

     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES
     The Group is dedicated to promote sustainable development in environment and has established policies that
     cover aspects including reduction of waste and energy consumption. As an enterprise committed to advancing
     green and low-carbon development, the Group consistently prioritize innovation as its driving force and sustainable
     development as its goal, continuously exploring the application and promotion of new energy technologies. It also
     periodically monitors performance related to environmental policies.

     The Group aligns with the concept of sustainable development, establishes Environmental, Social and Governance
     (“ESG”) strategic goals, actively responds to the demands and concerns of stakeholders, and continuously improves
     our ESG governance framework and operational mechanisms to enhance ESG management capabilities. Centered on
     the ESG strategic goals of Responsible Governance, Green Operations, and People-orientation, the Group not only
     achieves its own sustainable development but also actively supports the national dual-carbon development strategy.
     By integrating key ESG topics into our management practices, the Group promotes green development, drives low-
     carbon operations, and contributes to global sustainable development.

     The Group’s operations at work sites are subject to certain environmental requirements pursuant to the laws of Hong
     Kong. The laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group include, among others, Air Pollution
     Control Ordinance (Chapter 311 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Air Pollution Control (Non-road Mobile Machinery)
     (Emission) Regulation (Chapter 311Z of the Laws of Hong Kong), Noise Control Ordinance (Chapter 400 of the
     Laws of Hong Kong), Water Pollution Control Ordinance (Chapter 358 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Waste Disposal
     Ordinance (Chapter 354 of the Laws of Hong Kong), and Waste Disposal (Charges for Disposal of Construction
     Waste) Regulation (Chapter 354N of the Laws of Hong Kong).

     In order to comply with the applicable environmental protection laws, the Group has implemented an environmental
     management system which was certified to be in compliance with the standard required under ISO 14001 since
     November 2010. Apart from complying with the environmental protection policies formulated by its customers, the
     Group has established an environmental management policy to ensure proper management of environmental matters
     and compliance with environmental laws and regulations by both its employees and workers of its subcontractors
     on, among others, air pollution control, noise pollution control and waste disposal. During the Reporting Year, the
     Group did not incur any material costs on environmental compliance.

     Pursuant to Appendix C2 to the Listing Rules, the Company is required to prepare an ESG Report, which explains
     the management approaches, strategies, policies, measures taken and results of its activities on environmental and
     social areas and aspects, and evaluate their impact on the sustainable development of the environment and society.

     A separate ESG Report for the year ended 31 December 2025 will be published in electronic form only on the Stock
     Exchange’s website and the Company’s website at the same time as the publication of this annual report. If you
     wish to receive the printed version of the ESG Report, you may send your request in writing to the Company’s
     registered office in Hong Kong.

     COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     The Group and its business activities are subject to various laws and regulations, including Cayman Islands
     Companies Act (as revised), Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Listing
     Rules and the applicable law and regulations in the PRC. The Group recognises the importance of regulatory
     compliance and has measures in place to ensure that the Group’s operation complies with relevant laws and
     regulations which have a significant impact on the Group.




24   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

During the Reporting Year and up to the date of this annual report, to the best of knowledge, information and belief
of the Directors, there was no material breach of or non-compliance with the applicable laws and regulations in
the Cayman Islands, Hong Kong and the PRC by the Group that had a significant impact on the businesses and
operations of the Group.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING YEAR
There had been no significant event since the end of the Reporting Year and up to the date of this annual report.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the
Directors confirmed that the Company had maintained a sufficient amount of public float for its Shares as required
under the Listing Rules during the Reporting Year and up to the date of this annual report.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
No purchase, sale or redemption of the Company’s listed securities (including resale or transfer of treasury shares)
was made by the Company or any of its subsidiaries during the Reporting Year. As at 31 December 2025 and the
date of this annual report, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.

INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
None of the controlling Shareholders, the Directors or their respective close associates is or was interested in any
business apart from the Group’s business that competes or competed or is or was likely to compete, either directly
or indirectly, with the Group’s business at any time during the Reporting Year and up to the date of this annual
report.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
During the Reporting Year, the Group had entered into certain transactions with parties regarded as “related parties”
under the applicable accounting standards, but these transactions were not regarded as connected transactions
or continuing connected transactions under the Listing Rules or were exempt from reporting, announcement and
shareholders’ approval requirements under the Listing Rules. The Company confirms that it has complied with the
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Details of the related party transactions undertaken by the
Group, which did not constitute connected transactions under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, are set out in Note
35 to the Financial Statements.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the Reporting Year, the Group did not enter into any non-exempt one-off connected transactions or continuing
connected transactions which should be disclosed pursuant to the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   25
     Directors’
     Report

     SHARE OPTION SCHEME
     Pursuant to the written resolutions of the then sole Shareholder on 13 March 2018, the Company adopted a
     share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) with effect from 13 March 2018. The terms of the Share
     Option Scheme were summarised in Appendix IV to the prospectus of the Company dated 19 March 2018.
     Unless otherwise terminated or amended, the Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years
     commencing on the date of adoption. As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the Share Option
     Scheme is approximately two years. The main purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to attract and retain the best
     available personnel, to provide additional incentive to employees (full-time and part-time), Directors, consultants,
     advisers, distributors, contractors, suppliers, agents, customers, business partners and services providers of the
     Group, and to promote the business of the Group. Participants of the Share Option Scheme comprise employee
     (full-time or part-time), Director, consultant or adviser of the Group, or any substantial shareholder of the Group, or
     any distributor, contractor, supplier, agent, customer, business partner or service provider of the Group who, in the
     absolute discretion of the Board, has contributed or may contribute to the development and growth of the Group.
     An offer for the grant of options must be accepted within seven days inclusive of the day on which such offer was
     made. The amount payable by the grantee of an option to the Company on acceptance of the offer for the grant of an
     option is HK$1.00.

     The subscription price of a Share in respect of any particular option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall be
     a price solely determined by the Board and notified to a participant and shall be at least the highest of: (i) the closing
     price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of offer for the grant of
     the option, which must be a business day; (ii) the average of the closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Stock
     Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant of the option;
     and (iii) the nominal value of a Share on the date of offer for the grant of the option. An option may be exercised in
     accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a period as the Board may determine
     which shall not exceed ten years from the date of grant subject to the provisions of early termination thereof.

     The total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of options granted to any participant (including
     both exercised and outstanding options) under the Share Option Scheme or other share option schemes of the
     Company, in any 12-month period up to the date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue. Any further
     grant of options in excess of such limit must be separately approved by the Shareholders in a general meeting with
     such grantee and his close associates (or his associates if the grantee is a connected person) abstaining from voting.

     As at the date of this annual report, the total number of Shares available for issue under the Share Option Scheme
     was 422,400,000 Shares, representing 10% of the issued shares of the Company. No share option has been
     granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed since the effective date of the Share Option Scheme and up to the date of
     this annual report. The number of options available for grant under the Share Option Scheme as at 1 January 2025
     and 31 December 2025 was 422,400,000.

     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Save as disclosed in this annual report relating to the Share Option Scheme, no equity-linked agreements that (i) will
     or may result in the Company issuing Shares; or (ii) will require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or
     may result in the Company issuing Shares were entered into by the Company during the Reporting Year or subsisted
     at the end of the Reporting Year.




26   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

DONATION
Donations made by the Group during the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$3,968,000 (Previous
Reporting Year: HK$1,090,000).

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Restated Articles and there was no restriction against such
rights under the laws of Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to
the existing Shareholders.

RELIEF FROM TAXATION
The Directors are not aware of any relief from taxation available to which the Shareholders are entitled by reason of
their holding of the Shares.

REMUNERATIONS OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
Details of the Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 9 to the Financial
Statements.

The emoluments of the Directors and senior management of the Group are determined by the remuneration
committee of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”) with reference to their relevant qualifications,
experience, competence and the prevailing market conditions. There was no arrangement under which the Directors
waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the Reporting Year.

EMOLUMENT POLICY
The emolument policy of the Group is set up by the Remuneration Committee (composed of a non-executive
Director and two independent non-executive Directors) on the basis of the qualifications and contributions of
individuals to the Group. The Company has adopted the Share Option Scheme as an incentive to eligible employees,
details of which are set out in the paragraph headed “Share Option Scheme” above.

The Directors’ fees are subject to Shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other emoluments are determined by
the Remuneration Committee with reference to the Directors’ duties, responsibilities and performance, the results of
the Group and comparable market practices.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company is committed to maintaining the highest standard of corporate governance practices. Information on
the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance Report in this
annual report.

DISCLOSURES UNDER RULES 13.20 TO 13.22 OF THE LISTING RULES
As at 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group had no circumstances which would give
rise to disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20 to 13.22 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   27
     Directors’
     Report

     AUDIT COMMITTEE
     The audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) (composed of a non-executive Director and two
     independent non-executive Directors) had reviewed, together with the management and external auditor, the
     accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group and the audited Financial Statements for the Reporting Year.

     AUDITORS
     HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited acted as the auditor of the Group for the Reporting Year. The Financial
     Statements have been audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, which shall retire in the forthcoming AGM
     and, being eligible, will offer itself for re-appointment. A resolution for its re-appointment as the auditor for the
     coming year will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM. There has been no change in auditors since the listing date of
     the Company.




     By Order of the Board

     Yu Zhuyun
     Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

     Hong Kong, 31 March 2026




28   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

The Board is committed to high standard of corporate governance with a view to safeguarding the interests of the
Shareholders and achieving accountability as the Group recognises the importance of maximising Shareholders’
value through effective corporate governance procedures.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company had applied the principles and all the applicable code provisions (the “Code Provision(s)”) as set out
under the Corporate Governance (the “CG”) Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules
during the Reporting Year. The Directors will periodically review the Company’s corporate governance policies and
will propose any amendment, if necessary, to ensure compliance with the Code Provisions from time to time.

During the Reporting Year, the Company had complied with all the applicable Code Provisions of the CG Code,
except for Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code as explained below:

Mr. Yu Zhuyun was appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company (the “CEO”) with effect from 30 April
2020, and is currently serving as both the chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”) and the CEO. Such practice
deviates from Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code. The Board believes that vesting the roles of both the Chairman
and the CEO in the same person can facilitate the execution of the Group’s business strategies and enhance its
operational efficiency. The Board is currently comprised of two executive Directors, two non-executive Directors
and three independent non-executive Directors, which is appropriately structured to ensure that there is a balance
of power to provide sufficient checks to protect the interests of the Company and the Shareholders. Therefore, the
Board considers that the deviation from Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code is appropriate in such circumstance.
The Board will continuously assess whether any change to this arrangement is necessary.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY
DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct for Directors’ securities transactions. In
response to specific enquiries by the Company, all Directors have confirmed that they have fully complied with the
requirements set out in the Model Code during the Reporting Year.

The senior management and staff of the Company who are likely to be in possession of unpublished inside
information of the Company, have been individually notified and advised about the Model Code by the Company.
No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by the relevant employees of the Company was noted by the
Company during the Reporting Year.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   29
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
     The Board is responsible for determining the appropriate corporate governance practices applicable to the Company’s
     circumstances and ensuring processes and procedures are in place to achieve the Company’s corporate governance
     objectives.

     The duties of the Board in performing its corporate governance functions under the CG Code include:

     1.    developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and making
           recommendations;

     2.    reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior
           management of the Company;

     3.    reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
           requirements;

     4.    developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to the Directors
           and the Company’s employees; and

     5.    reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

     The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance functions set out in Code Provision A.2.1 of the
     CG Code. As at the date of this annual report, the Board had reviewed and monitored (a) the Company’s corporate
     governance policies and practices; (b) training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior
     management of the Company; (c) the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
     requirements; (d) the Company’s code of conduct and compliance manuals applicable to the Directors and the
     Company’s employees; and (e) the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate
     Governance Report.

     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on the liabilities of the Directors in respect of any legal
     actions taken against the Directors arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage will be reviewed on an
     annual basis.

     Directors’ Training and Continuing Professional Development
     Each newly appointed director is provided with necessary induction and information to ensure that he or she has a
     proper understanding of the Company’s operations and businesses as well as his or her responsibilities under the
     relevant statutes, laws, rules and regulations.

     Directors’ training is an ongoing process. During the Reporting Year, directors are provided with monthly updates on
     the Company’s performance, position and prospects to enable the Board as a whole and each director to discharge
     their duties. In addition, all Directors have been updated with the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules
     which include the requirements of CG, ESG and the risk management and internal controls and other applicable
     regulatory requirements to ensure their compliance with these requirements and enhance their awareness of good
     corporate governance. All Directors and employees of the Group are encouraged to attend relevant training courses
     to keep abreast of the latest market and regulatory changes and developments. The Board may seek independent
     professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses, in order to assist and ensure that the
     Directors can duly discharge their duties.

     In compliance with Code Provision C.1.4 of the CG Code, the Company has allocated and provided funding to all
     Directors to participate in continuous professional development organised in the form of seminars and in-house
     training and/or relevant reading materials on the latest development of applicable laws, the Listing Rules and
     corporate governance practices.



30   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

All Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Code Provision C.1.4 of the CG Code. During the Reporting
Year, each of the Directors had participated in continuous professional development by attending seminars, courses
or conferences and reading relevant materials to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.

According to the records provided by the Directors, a summary of the trainings received by the Directors for the year
ended 31 December 2025 is as follows:

                                                                                                                            Types of Training
Directors                                                                                                                              (Note)


Executive Directors
Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairman and chief executive officer)                                                                                           2(A)
Mr. Li Menglin                                                                                                                                 2(C)

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                                                                                                                                2(C)
Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                                                                                                                 2(C)

Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Wang Wenxing (Lead independent non-executive Director)                                                                                     2(C)
Dr. Li David Xianglin                                                                                                                          2(C)
Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                                                                                                             1(B)

Note：
A.      Attending briefing sessions and/or seminars and/or forums
B.      Making speeches at briefing sessions and/or seminars and/or forums
C.      Reading seminar materials or magazines and updates relating to economy, general business, directors’ responsibilities and the Listing Rules or
        the latest development of other applicable regulatory requirements


THE BOARD
Role and Function
The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group. It oversees the Group’s strategic decisions and
monitors its business and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day
management and operations of the Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects
of the Company’s affairs, the Board has established three Board committees, including the Audit Committee,
the nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) and the Remuneration Committee (together, the
“Board Committees”). The Board has delegated to the Board Committees responsibilities as set out in their
respective terms of references. Further details of the Board Committees are set out in the paragraph headed “Board
Committees” below.

Composition
As at the date of this annual report, the Board was chaired by Mr. Yu Zhuyun and comprised seven members,
including two executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. One
of the three independent non-executive Directors possesses appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or
related and financial management expertise, which complies with the requirement of the Listing Rules. The list of
Directors is set out in the Directors’ Report in this annual report.

There is a balance of skills and experience within the Board, which is appropriate for the requirements of the
business of the Company. Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographies of
Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report. The Directors and senior management of the Company
have no financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationship with each other.




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025       31
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     Board Diversity Policy
     The Board has adopted a board diversity policy (the“Board Diversity Policy”), with view to achieving a sustainable
     and balanced development of the Group. In designing the Board’s composition, board diversity has been considered
     from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity,
     professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on
     meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, with due regard to the benefits of diversity
     on the Board. The Board Diversity Policy is reviewed annually by the Nomination Committee to ensure effectiveness,
     and revisions will be made with the approval from the Board, where appropriate.

     As at 31 December 2025, there is one female Director on the Board. Given the current composition and gender
     diversity of the Board, the Board and the Nomination Committee are of the view that it is not necessary to set
     numerical targets and timeline for achieving gender diversity of the Board for the time being. In the future, the Board
     will continue to pay due regard to the importance of diversity in identifying potential candidates for directorships
     and continue to ensure that gender is one of the factors to be considered in appointing Directors by the Nomination
     Committee. Similar considerations will also be put in place to assess the candidacy of the senior management of the
     Company from time to time.

     The Board also recognises the importance of diversity at the workforce level. As at 31 December 2025, the gender
     ratio of the workforce of the Group (including the senior management of the Company) was approximately 6:2 male
     to female.

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     During the Reporting Year, the Company was in compliance with Rules 3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing
     Rules. The Company had three independent non-executive Directors representing more than one-third of the Board,
     and Mr. Wang Wenxing is the independent non-executive Director with appropriate professional qualifications
     and accounting or related financial management expertise. No less than one third of the Directors are subject
     to retirement by rotation at each AGM in accordance with the Restated Articles. None of the independent non-
     executive Directors has served on the Board for more than nine years.

     The independent non-executive Directors are considered by the Board to be independent of the management and
     free of any relationship that could materially interfere with the exercise of their independent judgments. The Board
     considered that each of the independent non-executive Directors brings his own relevant expertise to the Board
     and its deliberations. None of the independent non-executive Directors has any business or financial interests in the
     Group nor any relationship with other Directors.

     The Company has received a written annual confirmation from each independent non-executive Director of his
     independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all independent non-executive
     Directors to be independent in accordance with the independence guidelines as set out in the Listing Rules.

     All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business
     experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. Independent non-
     executive Directors are invited to serve on the Board Committees.




32   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors
The Company has established the Nomination Committee on 13 March 2018. The Nomination Committee has from
time to time identified individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and made recommendations to the
Board. The main consideration in selecting candidates for directorships is whether their characters, qualifications and
experiences are appropriate for the businesses of the Group.

Each of the executive, non-executive and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a contract for
appointment with the Company for a term of three years and is subject to the termination provisions therein and the
provisions on retirement by rotation of Directors as set out in the Restated Articles.

According to the Restated Articles, any Director so appointed by the Board shall hold office, in the case of filling a
casual vacancy, only until the next AGM or, in the case of an addition to their number, until the next AGM who shall
then be eligible for re-election at such general meeting. Every Director is appointed for a specific term and is subject
to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

In accordance with Article 108(a) of the Restated Articles, at each AGM, at least one third of the Directors for the
time being, or, if the number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one
third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term)
shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-
election.

Nomination Policy
The Board has adopted a nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) on 31 December 2018 which sets out the
criteria and process in the nomination and appointment of Directors, and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance
of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company as well as the Board’s continuity and
appropriate leadership. The Nomination Committee shall identify candidates who are qualified or suitable to become
members of the Board and make recommendations to the Board on the selection of candidates nominated for
directorships. The selection of candidates will be based on a range of selection criteria as set out in the Nomination
Policy, including but not limited to, character and integrity, qualification, potential contribution the candidate can bring
to the Board in terms of qualifications, skill, experience and gender diversity, the candidate’s willingness and ability
to devote adequate time to discharge his/her duties as a member of the Board.

For the appointment of Directors, the Nomination Committee will first identify individual(s) suitably qualified to
become Board members and, where appropriate, assess their independence. Then, the Nomination Committee
will make recommendations to the Board for the Board to consider, having regard to the Board Diversity Policy
and the Nomination Policy. The Board will confirm the appointment of the suitable candidate(s) or recommend the
candidate(s) to stand for election at a general meeting of the Company. The candidate(s) who is/are appointed by the
Board to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing Board will be subject to re-election by Shareholders at
the next AGM after initial appointment in accordance with the Restated Articles.

For the re-appointment of Directors, the Nomination Committee will also consider the retiring Directors based on
the Board Diversity Policy and the Nomination Policy and, where appropriate, assess their independence before the
Nomination Committee makes a recommendation to the Board. After the Board considers each retiring director, the
Board will recommend the suitable retiring director(s) to stand for re-election at the AGM in accordance with the
Restated Articles. The Shareholders will approve the re-election of Directors at the AGM.

The Nomination Committee shall review the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board at least annually
to ensure that it has a balance of expertise, skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate for the
business of the Company.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   33
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     Board Meetings
     Pursuant to Code Provision C.5.1 of the CG Code, the Board should meet regularly and board meetings should
     be held at least four times per year. The Board meets regularly to formulate the Group’s overall strategies as well
     as discuss the Group’s operation and financial performance. Additional meetings would be arranged if and when
     required. Directors may participate either in person or through electronic means of communication. During the
     Reporting Year, there were four Board meetings and one general meetings. The attendance record of each member
     of the Board of the Board meetings and the general meeting is set out below:

                                                                         Meetings attended/       Meetings attended/
                                                                          number of general         number of Board
     Name of Director                                                             meetings                 meetings


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)                                  1/1                      4/4
     Mr. Li Menglin                                                                        1/1                      4/4

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                                                                       1/1                      4/4
     Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                                                        1/1                      4/4

     Independent non-executive Directors
     Mr. Wang Wenxing (Lead independent non-executive Director)                            1/1                      4/4
     Dr. Li David Xianglin                                                                 1/1                      4/4
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                                                    1/1                      4/4

     Access to Information
     The Directors may, at the Company’s expenses, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances.
     The Company will, upon request, provide separate independent professional advice to Directors to assist the relevant
     Directors to discharge their duties to the Company.

     The Board is supplied with relevant information by the senior management of the Company pertaining to matters
     to be brought before the Board for decision as well as reports relating to the Group’s operational and financial
     performance before each Board meeting. Where any of the Directors requires more information than is volunteered
     by the senior management of the Company, each Director has the right to separately and independently access the
     Company’s senior management for further enquiries, if necessary.




34   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

BOARD COMMITTEES
In accordance with the Restated Articles and the Listing Rules, the Board has established Board Committees,
namely, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee, for overseeing
particular aspects of the Group’s affairs. All Board Committees are established with defined terms of reference
relating to their respective authorities and duties, which have been approved by the Board and are reviewed
periodically. The terms of reference of the Board Committees are posted on the websites of the Company and the
Stock Exchange, and are available to Shareholders upon request.

Audit Committee
The Company established the Audit Committee on 13 March 2018 in accordance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules
with the written terms of reference (which have been revised and adopted by the Board on 31 December 2018) in
compliance with the CG Code.

The Audit Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Wang Wenxing (redesignated as the lead independent
non-executive Director with effect from 14 July 2025), Mr. Qiao Xiaoge and Dr. Li David Xianglin. Mr. Wang Wenxing
currently serves as the chairperson of the Audit Committee.

The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee include: (i) making recommendations to the Board on the
appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditors; (ii) reviewing and monitoring the external auditors’
independence and objectivity; (iii) reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s audit process in compliance with
applicable standards, internal control and risk management systems; (iv) developing and implementing policy on
engaging external auditors to supply non-audit services, and reviewing and monitoring the extent of the non-audit
works undertaken by external auditors; and (v) monitoring the integrity of the financial statements, annual reports
and accounts and half-year reports and reviewing significant financial reporting judgments contained in them.

The Audit Committee has explicit authority to investigate any activity within its terms of reference and the authority
to obtain outside legal or other independent professional advice, if necessary. It is given access to and assistance
from the employees and reasonable resources to discharge its duties properly.

During the Reporting Year, the Audit Committee held three meetings to review the annual and interim financial
results of the Group for submission to the Board for approval, review the internal control and risk management
systems of the Group, oversee the audit process and make recommendations on the re-appointment of the external
auditors. During the Reporting Year and up to the date of this annual report, there had been no disagreement
between the Board and the Audit Committee.

The attendance record of each member of the Audit Committee during the Reporting Year is set out below:

                                                                                             Meeting(s) attended/
Audit Committee                                                                                 Eligible to attend


Non-executive Director
Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                                                                                                   3/3

Independent non-executive Director
Mr. Wang Wenxing (Chairperson and Lead independent non-executive Director)                                        3/3
Dr. Li David Xianglin                                                                                             3/3




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   35
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     Nomination Committee
     The Company established the Nomination Committee on 13 March 2018 in accordance with Rule 3.27A of the
     Listing Rules with written terms of reference (which have been revised and adopted by the Board on 14 July 2025)
     in compliance with the CG Code. The Nomination Committee consists of five members, namely Mr. Yu Zhuyun, Mr.
     Wang Wenxing, Dr. Zhou Chunsheng, Ms. Zhu Yujuan and Dr. Li David Xianglin. Mr. Yu Zhuyun currently serves as
     the chairperson of the Nomination Committee.

     The primary responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include: (i) reviewing the structure, size, composition and
     diversity of the Board in accordance with the Board Diversity Policy at least annually and assisting in maintaining
     skill matrix; (ii) identifying individuals suitably qualified to become Board members; (iii) assessing the independence
     of independent non-executive Directors; (iv) making recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating to
     the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors; (v) making recommendations
     to the Board regarding candidates to fill vacancies on the Board and/or senior management of the Company; (vi)
     supporting the Company’s regular evaluation of the Board’s performance; and (vii) reviewing and assessing each
     Director’s time commitment and contribution to the Board their ability to discharge his/her responsibilities.

     The Nomination Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Year to review the structure, size and
     composition of the Board in accordance with the Board Diversity Policy, assess the independence of the independent
     non-executive Directors and make recommendations to the Board on the proposal of re-appointment of Directors at
     the forthcoming AGM.

     The attendance record of each member of the Nomination Committee during the Reporting Year is set out below:

                                                                                                        Meeting(s) attended/
     Nomination Committee                                                                                  Eligible to attend


     Executive Director
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer)                                                                 1/1

     Non-executive Director
     Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                                                                                          1/1

     Independent non-executive Directors
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                                                                                      1/1
     Mr. Wang Wenxing (Lead independent non-executive Director)                                                              1/1
     Dr. Li David Xianglin                                                                                                   1/1

     In evaluating and selecting any candidate for directorship, the Nomination Committee would consider the following
     criteria, including but not limited to: his/her character and integrity, qualifications (cultural and educational background,
     professional experience, skills, knowledge and diversity aspects under the Board Diversity Policy), potential
     contributions the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills, diversity and independence, and
     his/her willingness and ability to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/or Board
     committee(s). Upon evaluating a/the candidate(s) for directorship, the Nomination Committee would recommend to
     the Board the appropriate candidate(s) by order of preference (if applicable) based on the needs of the Company for
     the Board’s consideration.

     Remuneration Committee
     The Company established the Remuneration Committee on 13 March 2018 in accordance with Rule 3.25 of the
     Listing Rules with written terms of reference (which has been revised and adopted by the Board on 14 December
     2022) in compliance with the CG Code. The Remuneration Committee consists of three members, namely, Dr. Li
     David Xianglin, Dr. Zhou Chunsheng and Ms. Zhu Yujuan. Dr. Li David Xianglin currently serves as the chairperson of
     the Remuneration Committee.



36   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include: (i) reviewing and making recommendations to the Board
on the overall remuneration policy and structure relating to all Directors and senior management of the Group; (ii)
making recommendation to the Board on the remuneration of independent non-executive Directors; (iii) reviewing
and making recommendations to the Board on other remuneration-related matters, including benefits-in-kinds,
pension rights and the compensation payable to the Directors and the Group’s senior management; (iv) reviewing
performance-based remuneration and establishing a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies
in relation to remuneration; (v) considering the salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and
responsibilities and employment conditions elsewhere in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (vi) reviewing and/or
approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

The remuneration of the Directors and the Group’s senior management is determined with reference to the
responsibilities, the workload, the time devoted and the performance of the Directors and the Group’s senior
management. The Remuneration Committee also ensures that no individual will be involved in determining his/her
own remuneration.

The remuneration of the Group’s senior management during the Reporting Year is listed below by band:

Band of remuneration                                                                                No. of person(s)


Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                                                   8

Further details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals is set out in Note 9 to the
Financial Statements.

During the Reporting Year, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting to, among others, review the policy
for the remuneration of executive Directors, assess the performance of executive Directors, approve the terms
of executive Directors’ service contracts, review the remuneration packages of individual Directors and senior
management of the Company and made recommendations to the Board on the above matters.

The attendance record of each member of the Remuneration Committee during the Reporting Year is set out below:

                                                                                               Meeting(s) attended/
Remuneration Committee                                                                            Eligible to attend


Non-executive Director
Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                                                                                      1/1

Independent non-executive Director
Dr. Li David Xianglin (Chairperson)                                                                                 1/1
Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                                                                                  1/1

AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
The Audit Committee is responsible for considering the appointment and re-election of the Company’s external
auditor and reviewing any non-audit functions performed by the external auditors, including whether such non-audit
functions could lead to any potential material adverse effect to the Company.

For the Reporting Year, the remuneration paid/payable to the external auditors, HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng
Limited, in respect of its audit services and non-audit services was approximately HK$1,580,000 and HK$600,000,
respectively. The non-audit services related to assisting in reviewing the disclosure of interim financial report during
the Reporting Year.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   37
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Mr. Tung Tat Chiu, Michael (“Mr. Tung”), was appointed as the Company Secretary on 3 May 2023. During the
     Reporting Year, Mr. Tung had taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29
     of the Listing Rules. The biography of Mr. Tung is set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
     Management” in this annual report.

     Mr. Tung is an external service provider engaged by the Company as the Company Secretary and Ms. Hu Longzhi,
     the chief financial officer of the Company, will be the key contact person with whom Mr. Tung can contact.

     DIRECTORS’ AND AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     The Directors acknowledge and understand their responsibility in relation to the preparation of the Financial
     Statements and seek to ensure that the Financial Statements are prepared in a manner which give a true and fair
     view of the state of affairs of the Group as a going concern and are in compliance with the relevant accounting
     standards and principles, applicable laws and disclosure requirements under the Listing Rules. In presenting the
     Financial Statements, announcements and other financial disclosures required under the Listing Rules, the Directors
     aim to present a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of the position and prospects of the Group. The
     Directors are of the view that the Financial Statements were prepared on this basis. The Directors were not aware of
     any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern.

     The statement by the auditors of the Group regarding their reporting responsibilities on the Financial Statements is
     set out in the Independent Auditors’ Report in this annual report.

     DIVIDEND POLICY
     The Company has established a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) on 31 December 2018 with an aim to strike
     a balance between maintaining sufficient capital to develop and operate the business of the Group and rewarding the
     Shareholders. According to the Dividend Policy, in deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the
     dividend amount, the Board shall take into account the following factors:

     (a)   the Company’s operating results, actual and expected financial performance;

     (b)   retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

     (c)   the level of the Group’s debt-to-equity ratio, return on equity and the relevant financial covenants;

     (d)   any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders;

     (e)   the Group’s expected working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion
           plans;

     (f)   the Group’s liquidity position;

     (g)   general economic conditions, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal and external factors
           that may have an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

     (h)   any other factors that the Board may deem appropriate and relevant.




38   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

The declaration and payment of dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies
Laws of the Cayman Islands, any applicable laws, rules and regulations and the Restated Articles. The declaration
and payment of future dividend under the Dividend Policy are subject to the Board’s determination that the same
would be in the best interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole. The Board will review the Dividend
Policy from time to time and may exercise at its sole and absolute discretion to update, amend and/or modify the
Dividend Policy at any time as it deems fit and necessary.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, and for
reviewing its effectiveness. The Board oversees the Group’s overall risk management and internal control systems
on an ongoing basis. At the same time, the Group endeavors to identify risks (including ESG risks), control impact
of the identified risks and facilitate the implementation of coordinated mitigating measures. The risk management
and internal control systems are compatible with the principles in the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of
Treadway Commission (COSO) — Integrated Framework 2013, which are designed to manage rather than eliminate
the risk of failures in order to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute
assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Group has established a risk management policy which sets out the process of identification, evaluation and
management of the principal risks affecting the business. Each division is responsible for identifying and assessing
principal risks within itself and establishing mitigation plans to manage the risks identified. The senior management
of the Company is responsible for overseeing the Group’s risk management and internal control activities, attending
meetings with each division to ensure principal risks are properly managed, and new risks are identified and
documented. The Board is responsible for reviewing and approving the effectiveness and adequacy of the Group’s
risk management and internal control systems.

The Company currently does not have an internal audit function. During the Reporting Year, the Company has
engaged an external risk management and internal control review consultant (the “Consultant”) to conduct a review
of the Group’s risk management (including ESG risks) and internal control covering the period from 1 January 2025
to 31 December 2025. Such review is conducted annually. The scope of the Consultant’s review was previously
determined and approved by the Board and covered internal controls in relation to the Group’s property development
and investment business, property management business, fixed asset management, human resources and payroll
management. The Consultant has reported findings and areas for improvement to the Board. The Board is of the
view that there has been no material risk management (including ESG risks) and internal control deficiency noted.
All recommendations given by the Consultant will be properly followed up by the Group to ensure that they are
implemented within a reasonable period of time.

The Board is responsible for the risk management (including ESG risks) and internal control systems of the Group
and ensuring review of the effectiveness of these systems has been conducted annually. Several areas have been
considered during the Board’s review, which include but not limited to (i) the changes in the nature and extent of
significant risks (including ESG risks) since the last annual review, and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its
business and the external environment; (ii) the scope and quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of risks and
of the internal control systems.

The Board, through its review and the review made by the Consultant and Audit Committee, concluded that the
risk management (including ESG risks) and internal control systems were effective and adequate. Such systems,
however, are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can
only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. It is also considered
that the resources, qualifications and experience of the relevant staff were adequate and the training programs and
budget provided were sufficient.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   39
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     INSIDE INFORMATION POLICY
     With respect to the procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information,
     the Company is aware of its obligations under Part XIVA of the Securities and Futures Ordinance and the Listing
     Rules. The Group has adopted a policy on disclosure of insider information, with close regard to the “Guidelines on
     Disclosure of Inside Information” issued by the Securities and Futures Commission, to ensure that the insiders are
     abiding by the confidentiality requirements and are fulfilling the disclosure obligations of the inside information.

     INTERNAL AUDIT FUNCTION
     The Company does not have an internal audit department. The Board has reviewed the need for an internal audit
     function and is of the view that in light of the size, nature and complexity of the business of the Group, as opposed
     to diverting resources to establish a separate internal audit department, it would be more cost effective to appoint
     external independent professionals to perform independent review of the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk
     management and internal control systems of the Group. Nevertheless, the Board will continue to review at least
     annually the need for an internal audit department.

     WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY
     The Company has put in place a whistleblowing policy (the “Whistleblowing Policy”) which applies to all the
     Directors and employees of the Group and any parties who deal with the Group. The policy is designed to provide
     the employees and any external parties with confidential whistleblowing channels to report to the Group the actual
     or suspected illegal activities and misconducts in corporate financial reporting, internal control or other areas.

     Whistleblowers are able to contact the Board directly through the contact method provided on the Company’s
     website. The identity of the whistleblower and all the concerns or irregularities raised will be treated with
     confidentiality and every effort will be made to ensure that confidentiality is maintained throughout the process.

     The Audit Committee, which is responsible for overseeing and monitoring of the Whistleblowing Policy and its
     mechanism, will make decisions on further actions (if needed).

     The Company is also committed to ensuring the protection of the whistleblowers against detrimental or unfair
     treatment.

     ANTI-CORRUPTION
     The Company does not tolerate any corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud or money laundering during the course of
     its business activities. The Company strictly adheres to the relevant regulations and laws, such as the Prevention
     of Bribery Ordinance (Chapter 201 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist
     Financing Ordinance (Chapter 615 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the PRC, Criminal
     Law of the PRC, and other laws and regulations related to commercial bribery. The Company has formulated an anti-
     corruption policy (the “Anti-Corruption Policy”) which prohibits all forms of corruption practice by making reference
     to the relevant laws and regulations. The Anti-Corruption Policy forms an integral part of the Company’s corporate
     governance framework, which sets out the specific behavioural guidelines that the employees of the Group must
     follow to combat corruption. The Anti-Corruption Policy is reviewed and updated on a regular basis to align with the
     applicable laws and regulations as well as the industry best practices. All the employees of the Group are informed
     and expected to act with integrity, impartiality and honesty.




40   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company considers that effective communication with the Shareholders and potential investors is essential
for facilitating investor relations and enhancing their understanding of the Group’s business, performance and
strategies. The Company has adopted the Shareholders’ communication policy with the objective of ensuring
that the Shareholders and potential investors are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and
understandable information about the Company (including financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material
development, governance and risk profile). The Company also recognises the importance of timely and non-selective
disclosure of information, which will enable the Shareholders and potential investors to make informed investment
decisions.

To promote effective communication, the Company maintains the website of www.centralenergy.cn , where up-
to-date information of the Company’s business operations and developments, financial information, corporate
governance practices and other information is available for public access. Latest information of the Group, including
annual and interim reports, announcements and other corporate communications which will be sent to Shareholders
and/or published, are updated on the website of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk ) and the Company
(www.centralenergy.cn ) in a timely fashion.

For procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board, please refer to the subsection headed “Procedures by
which enquiries may be put to the Board” below.

The Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the investor relations policy of the Company.
Having considered that diverse channels of communication have been put in place, the Board is satisfied that an
effective investor relations policy has been properly implemented throughout the Reporting Year.

The forthcoming AGM of the Company will be held on Friday, 26 June 2026. The notice of the AGM, setting out
the details of each proposed resolution, voting procedures and other relevant information, will be sent to the
Shareholders at least 21 days before the date of the AGM.

SHAREHOLDER’S RIGHTS
Procedures for convening general meetings by Shareholders
The Company’s general meeting provides an opportunity for communication between the Shareholders and the
Board. In accordance with Article 72 of the Restated Articles, at any general meeting, a resolution put to the vote
of the meeting shall be decided by poll save that the chairman of the meeting may, in good faith, allow a resolution
be voted by a show of hands. The chairman of the meeting will explain such rights and procedures during the AGM
before voting on the resolutions.

Pursuant to Article 64 of the Restated Articles, Shareholders can make a requisition to convene an extraordinary
general meeting (the “EGM”). The procedure for the Shareholders to convene an EGM are as follows:

1.   any one or more shareholders (the “Requisitionist”) holding, at the date of deposit of requisition, not less
     than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings shall have
     the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary, to require an EGM to be called by the
     Board for the transaction of any business or resolution specified in such requisition; and

2.   such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such
     deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the Requisitionist(s) himself/themselves may do
     so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the Requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of
     the Board shall be reimbursed to the Requisitionist(s) by the Company.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   41
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     Procedures for putting forward proposals at Shareholders’ meetings
     Shareholders are requested to follow Article 64 of the Restated Articles for including a resolution at an EGM. The
     requirements and procedures are set out in the paragraph headed “Procedures for Convening General Meetings by
     Shareholders” above.

     Shareholders are welcomed to suggest proposals relating to the operations, strategies and/or management of the
     Group at Shareholders’ meetings. Proposals shall be sent by written requisition of his/her proposal (the “Proposal”)
     together with his/her detailed contact information to the Board or the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal
     place of business in Hong Kong as set out in the section headed “Corporation Information” in this annual report.

     The request will be verified with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong and upon their confirmation
     that the request is proper and in order, the Board will be asked to include the Proposal in the agenda for the general
     meeting.

     The notice period to be given to the Shareholders for consideration of the Proposal raised by the Shareholder
     concerned at the general meeting varies according to the nature of the Proposal as follows:

     —     at least 21 days’ notice in writing if the Proposal requires approval by way of resolution in any AGM; and

     —     at least 14 days’ notice in writing if the Proposal requires approval by way of resolution in any EGM.

     Procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board
     For matters in relation to the Board, Shareholders may send their enquiries and concerns to the Board by addressing
     them to the Board or the Company Secretary by mail to the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong set
     out in the section headed “Corporation Information” in this annual report.

     For share registration related matters, such as share transfers and registrations, change of name or address, loss of
     share certificates or dividend warrants, the registered Shareholder can contact:

     Branch Share Registrar and Transfer Office in Hong Kong
     Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
     2103B, 21/F
     148 Electric Road
     North Point
     Hong Kong
     Tel: (852) 2153-1688
     Fax: (852) 3020-5058

     SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
     There had been no significant changes in the constitutional documents of the Company during the Reporting Year.




42   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Independent
Auditors’ Report




TO THE MEMBERS OF CENTRAL NEW ENERGY HOLDING GROUP LIMITED
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Central New Energy Holding Group Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 47 to 127, which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated statement
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements,
including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
for the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements
of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   43
     Independent
     Auditors’ Report

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
     of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters.

      Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter


      Expected credit loss of trade receivables

      Refer to Notes 2.11, 2.14, 3.1, 4 and 23 to the            Our procedures included, but not limited to:
      consolidated financial statements
                                                                 •     Discussing with management on the estimation
      The balances of trade receivables as at 31 December              involved in determining the amount of expected
      2025 were approximately HK$1,837,060,000,                        credit loss allowance regarding the trade
      which were material to the consolidated financial                receivables;
      statements. The Group has applied the simplified
      approach in calculating the expected credit loss for       •     Testing the integrity of information used by
      trade receivables.                                               management for the assessment, including ageing
                                                                       analysis of trade receivables, on a sample basis, by
                                                                       comparing individual items in the analysis with the
                                                                       relevant underlying documents;

                                                                 •     Assessing the reasonableness of the basis and
                                                                       judgement of the management in determining
                                                                       credit loss allowance on trade receivables; and

                                                                 •     Evaluating the competence, capabilities and
                                                                       objectivity of the valuation expert engaged by the
                                                                       management.

     OTHER INFORMATION IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’
     report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
     based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
     we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




44   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Independent
Auditors’ Report

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is
necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement,
whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes
our opinion, solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is
not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when
it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
     intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   45
     Independent
     Auditors’ Report

     AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS (Continued)
     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
           on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may
           cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
           uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the
           consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
           are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or
           conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
           the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
           events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
           information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group
           financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed
           for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
     timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
     identify during our audit.

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
     reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
     safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
     most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
     audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
     about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated
     in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
     interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Mr. Kwok Kin Leung (practising
     certificate number: P05769).




     HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
     Certified Public Accountants

     Hong Kong, 31 March 2026




46   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                               2025               2024
                                                                          Notes              HK$’000            HK$’000


Revenue                                                                     5              11,016,846         6,032,026
Direct costs                                                                              (10,806,353)       (5,904,261)


Gross profit                                                                                 210,493            127,765
Other income and net gains                                                  5                122,845            182,699
Loss on fair value changes of investment properties                                                –             (10,044)
Share of profit of an associate                                             20                    80                   –
Selling expenses                                                                             (20,097)            (19,992)
Administrative and other operating expenses                                                 (164,465)          (172,760)
Finance costs                                                               6                (66,564)            (51,385)


Profit before income tax                                                     7                 82,292            56,283
Income tax expense                                                          10                (21,558)           (2,185)


Profit for the year                                                                           60,734             54,098


Other comprehensive income/(expense)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
— Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                           85,917             (48,904)
— Share of exchange reserve of an associate                                                        2                   –
— Reclassification of cumulative translation
    reserve upon disposal of foreign operations                                                   (50)           13,850


Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year, net of tax                                 85,869             (35,054)


Total comprehensive income for the year                                                      146,603             19,044


Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                       34,240            106,393
  Non-controlling interests                                                                   26,494             (52,295)


                                                                                              60,734             54,098


Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                       90,832              90,031
  Non-controlling interests                                                                   55,771             (70,987)


                                                                                             146,603             19,044


                                                                                            HK Cents           HK Cents

Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company
— Basic and diluted                                                         11                   0.81               2.52

Details of dividends are disclosed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   47
     Consolidated Statement of
     Financial Position
     As at 31 December 2025




                                                                                  2025        2024
                                                                       Notes    HK$’000     HK$’000


     ASSETS
     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                      14     1,454,728   1,306,181
     Right-of-use assets                                                15       869,281      11,516
     Investment in an associate                                         20            82           –
     Intangible asset                                                   17           555         530
     Prepayments                                                        23       187,266     117,333


                                                                               2,511,912   1,435,560


     Current assets
     Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss               19         5,586           3
     Derivative financial asset at fair value through profit or loss    22           188           –
     Trade and other receivables                                        23     2,862,545   1,743,307
     Inventories                                                        24       179,061     157,145
     Tax recoverable                                                              50,221      49,850
     Pledged bank deposits                                              25       816,431     824,863
     Cash and bank balances                                             25       324,216     265,887


                                                                               4,238,248   3,041,055


     Total assets                                                              6,750,160   4,476,615


     EQUITY
     Capital and reserves
     Share capital                                                      26         2,640       2,640
     Reserves                                                                  1,505,083   1,114,116


     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                              1,507,723   1,116,756
     Non-controlling interests                                                   540,615     422,918


     Total equity                                                              2,048,338   1,539,674




48   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position
As at 31 December 2025




                                                                                           2025               2024
                                                                         Notes           HK$’000            HK$’000


LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                         29               432,287           10,397
Borrowings                                                                33               226,421          311,529


                                                                                           658,708          321,926


Current liabilities
Derivative financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss    22                1,964                 –
Contract liabilities                                                      28              444,287            50,605
Trade and other payables                                                  32            1,685,958           872,798
Lease liabilities                                                         29              185,638             1,192
Borrowings                                                                33            1,702,043         1,668,775
Tax payables                                                                               23,224            21,645


                                                                                        4,043,114         2,615,015


Total liabilities                                                                       4,701,822         2,936,941


Total equity and liabilities                                                            6,750,160         4,476,615


Net current assets                                                                         195,134          426,040


Total assets less current liabilities                                                   2,707,046         1,861,600

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 31 March
2026:




                         Mr. Yu Zhuyun                                           Mr. Li Menglin
                             Director                                               Director




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   49
     Consolidated Statement of
     Changes in Equity
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



                                                                            Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                      Non-
                                                    Share       Share     Merger Contributed        Other Translation      Retained             controlling        Total
                                                   capital   premium     reserve     surplus      reserve     reserve      earnings   Sub-total   interests       equity
                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000
                                                 (Note 26)              (Note (a)) (Note (b))    (Note (c)) (Note (d))

     Balance at 1 January 2024                      2,640      88,276    11,010      298,143      309,970       (17,917)    158,408    850,530      460,705     1,311,235
     Profit/(loss) for the year                         –           –         –            –            –             –     106,393    106,393       (52,295)      54,098
     Other comprehensive (expense)/income
       Exchange differences arising on
          translation of foreign operations             –           –         –            –            –       (30,212)          –     (30,212)    (18,692)      (48,904)
       Reclassification of cumulative
          translation reserve upon disposal
          and deregistration of foreign
          operations                                    –           –         –            –            –       13,850            –     13,850             –      13,850

     Total comprehensive (expense)/income
       for the year                                     –           –         –            –            –       (16,362)    106,393     90,031      (70,987)      19,044
     Deregistration of subsidiaries                     –           –         –            –            –             –           –          –          798          798
     Deemed contribution from a shareholder
       from extinguished loans                          –           –         –      176,195            –             –           –    176,195             –     176,195
     Capital contributions from
       non-controlling interests                        –           –         –            –            –             –           –           –      32,402       32,402

     Balance at 31 December 2024 and
       1 January 2025                               2,640      88,276    11,010      474,338      309,970       (34,279)    264,801   1,116,756     422,918     1,539,674


     Profit for the year                                –           –         –            –            –             –      34,240     34,240       26,494       60,734

     Other comprehensive income/(expense)
       Exchange differences arising on
         translation of foreign operations              –           –         –            –            –       56,640            –     56,640       29,277       85,917
       Share of exchange reserve of
         an associate                                   –           –         –            –            –             2           –           2            –            2
       Reclassification of cumulative
         translation reserve upon disposal
         and deregistration of foreign
         operations                                     –           –         –            –            –           (50)          –         (50)           –          (50)

     Total comprehensive income
       for the year                                     –           –         –            –            –       56,592       34,240     90,832       55,771      146,603
     Acquisition of a non-controlling interest          –           –         –            –            –            –            4          4           (4)           –
     Deemed contribution from a shareholder
       from extinguished loans                          –           –         –      300,131            –             –           –    300,131             –     300,131
     Capital contributions from
       non-controlling interests                        –           –         –            –            –             –           –           –      61,930       61,930

     Balance at 31 December 2025                    2,640      88,276    11,010      774,469      309,970       22,313      299,045   1,507,723     540,615     2,048,338

     Notes:

     (a)       The merger reserve represents the reserve arose pursuant to the reorganisation for the purpose of listing the shares of the Company.

     (b)       During the year ended 31 December 2025, a deemed contribution from a shareholder amounting approximately HK$300,131,000 (2024:
               approximately HK$176,195,000), arising from the extinguishment of a substantial shareholder loan, was recognised as capital contribution and
               credited directly to reserves in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

     (c)       The other reserve represents the difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the consideration
               received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company regarding the changes in the Group’s ownership interests in
               the subsidiary that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiary.

     (d)       The translation reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations.


     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.
50   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Consolidated Statement of
Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                         2025                  2024
                                                                        Notes          HK$’000               HK$’000


Cash flows from operating activities
Net cash generated from/(used in) operations                             34a               302,109          (367,167)
Income tax paid                                                                            (28,136)           (30,111)
Income tax refunded                                                                         10,794                 87


Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                                     284,767          (397,191)


Cash flows from investing activities
Interest received                                                                           17,979              9,864
Net cash (outflow)/inflow from disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash
  disposed                                                                               (1,904)              19,348
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                        (5,267)                   –
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                             (339,600)            (694,884)
Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                   141,928               19,004
Acquired assets through acquisition of a subsidiary                                           –                 (530)


Net cash used in investing activities                                                  (186,864)            (647,198)


Cash flows from financing activities
Interest paid                                                                           (66,564)              (51,385)
Acquisition of non-controlling interest                                                       4                     –
Advanced from related companies                                                         301,184              213,300
Capital contributions from non-controlling interests                                     61,930                32,402
Repayments of borrowings                                                             (3,450,809)          (1,633,492)
New loans raised                                                                      3,400,370            2,627,883
Principal elements of lease payments                                                   (293,800)               (1,839)


Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                                     (47,685)        1,186,869


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                   50,218           142,480

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                         265,887           137,372
Effects of foreign exchange rate changes                                                     8,111            (13,965)


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                               324,216           265,887


Analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents
Cash and bank balances                                                   25                324,216           265,887




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   51
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     1.    GENERAL INFORMATION
           The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 29 March 2017 as an exempted company with
           limited liability under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and its shares (the “Shares”) have been listed
           on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) with effect from 29 March 2018. As
           at 31 December 2025, its parent and ultimate holding company is Central Culture Resource Group Limited,
           a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) with limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. Yu
           Zhuyun (“Mr. Yu”), the controlling shareholder of the Company.

           The Company’s registered office address is Windward 3, Regatta Office Park, PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman
           KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, and the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong is Unit 2102–03 &
           10–12, 21/F, K. Wah Centre, 191 Java Road, North Point, Hong Kong. The Company is an investment holding
           company. The Group is principally engaged in the business of (i) new energy and engineering, procurement,
           and construction (“EPC”); (ii) green building and construction related business in Hong Kong and the People’s
           Republic of China (the “PRC”); (iii) smart energy management services; (iv) health and wellness; and (v) food
           and beverage (“F&B”) supply chain.

           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), unless otherwise stated.

     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICY AND
           DISCLOSURES
           The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set
           out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the current year and prior year presented, unless
           otherwise stated.

           2.1 Basis of preparation
                  The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS
                  Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”).
                  In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules
                  Governing the Listing of Securities on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) and
                  by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared
                  under the historical cost convention, except as otherwise stated in the accounting policies below.

                  The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards
                  requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its
                  judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies.

           2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
                  (i)   Amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standard that are mandatorily effective for the current year
                        In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRS Accounting
                        Standards as issued by the HKICPA for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the
                        Group’s annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2025 for the preparation of the consolidated
                        financial statements:

                        Amendments to HKAS 21                           Lack of Exchangeability

                        The application of the amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in the current year has had no
                        material impact on the Group’s financial position and performance for the current and prior years
                        and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.




52   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICY AND
      DISCLOSURES (Continued)
      2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (Continued)
             (ii)   New and amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
                    The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRS Accounting
                    Standards that have been issued but not yet effective:

                    Amendments to HKFRS 9 and                   Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                     HKFRS 7                                      Financial Instruments2
                    Amendments to HKFRS 9 and                   Contracts Referencing Nature — dependent Electricity2
                     HKFRS 7
                    Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                     HKAS 28                                      its Associate or Joint Venture1
                    Amendments to HKFRS                         Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards —
                     Accounting Standards                         Volume 112
                    HKFRS 18                                    Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3

                    1
                          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
                    2
                          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
                    3
                          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


                    The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all new and amendments to HKFRS
                    Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the
                    foreseeable future.

      2.3 Principles of consolidation
             2.3.1 Subsidiaries
                   Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The
                   Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
                   involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
                   entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group.
                   They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.

                    The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations by the Group.

                    Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                    companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                    evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been
                    changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                    Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
                    consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the statement of
                    changes in equity and the consolidated statement of financial position, respectively.




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025   53
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.3 Principles of consolidation (Continued)
                  2.3.2 Changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries
                        The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control
                        as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an
                        adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect
                        their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to
                        non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve
                        within equity attributable to owners of the Company.

                        When the Group ceases to consolidate for an investment because of a loss of control, any retained
                        interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the change in carrying amount recognised
                        in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently
                        accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition,
                        any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are
                        accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean
                        that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss
                        or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRS Accounting
                        Standards.

                  2.3.3 Business combination
                        The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration
                        transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities
                        incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group. The
                        consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent
                        consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities
                        assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.

                        The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition
                        basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and entitle their
                        holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation are measured
                        at either fair value or the present ownership interests’ proportionate share in the recognised
                        amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests
                        are measured at their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by
                        HKFRS.

                        Acquisitions failed to meet the definition of business combination are treated as acquisitions of
                        assets and liabilities instead of business combination.

                        Acquisition-related costs are expenses as incurred.

                        The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
                        acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the
                        fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total of consideration
                        transferred, non-controlling interest recognised and previously held interest measured is less than
                        the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the
                        difference is recognised directly in the profit or loss.




54   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.3 Principles of consolidation (Continued)
             2.3.4 Separate financial statements
                   Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct
                   attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on
                   the basis of dividend received and receivable.

                   Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from
                   these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the
                   period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial
                   statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s
                   net assets including goodwill.

      2.4 Segment reporting
             Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
             operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources
             and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the board of directors that
             makes strategic decisions.

      2.5 Foreign currency translation
             Functional and presentation currency
             Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
             currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”).
             The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Company’s functional and the
             Group’s presentation currency.

             Transactions and balances
             Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
             prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange
             gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end
             exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the
             consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

             Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated statement
             of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, within “finance cost”. All other foreign exchange gains
             and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
             within ‘other income and net gains/(loss)’.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   55
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.5 Foreign currency translation (Continued)
                  Group companies
                  The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a
                  hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
                  translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                  •     assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing
                        rate at the date of that statement of financial position;

                  •     income and expenses for each statement of comprehensive income are translated at average
                        exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of
                        the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at
                        the rate on the dates of the transactions); and

                  •     all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                  Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
                  liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate. Currency transaction differences arising
                  are recognised in other comprehensive income.

           2.6 Property, plant and equipment
                  The property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and
                  accumulated impairment losses, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to
                  the acquisition of the items.

                  Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
                  appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow
                  to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component
                  accounted for as a separate is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance costs are
                  charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

                  Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost over their estimated useful
                  lives or lease term, where applicable, as follows:

                  Machinery and equipment                                                                           10%–20%
                  Leasehold improvements                                                                                20%
                  Furniture, fixtures and office equipment                                                              20%
                  Motor vehicles                                                                                        20%

                  The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
                  reporting period.

                  An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
                  amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

                  Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and
                  are recognised in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.




56   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.7 Investment properties
             Investment property, principally comprising leasehold land, is held for long-term rental yields or for
             capital appreciation or both, and are not occupied by the Group. It also includes properties that are being
             constructed or developed for future use as investment properties.

             Investment property is initially measured at cost, including related transaction costs and where applicable
             borrowing costs. After initial recognition, investment property is carried at fair value. Fair value is based
             on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature, location or condition of
             the specific asset. Changes in fair values are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
             and other comprehensive income within “Gain/(loss) on fair value changes of investment properties”.

      2.8 Intangible assets
             2.8.1 Goodwill
                   Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration
                   transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquirees and the acquisition date fair
                   value of any previous equity interest in the acquirees over the fair value of the identified net assets
                   acquired.

                   For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to
                   each of the cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from
                   the synergies of the combination. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated
                   represents the lowest level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
                   management purposes. The Group’s goodwill is monitored at the operating segment level.

                   Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes
                   in circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of the CGU containing the
                   goodwill is compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair
                   value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised immediately as an expense and is not
                   subsequently reversed.

             2.8.2 Intangible assets acquired separately
                   Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any
                   subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

      2.9 Impairment of non-financial assets
             Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for
             impairment. Assets that are subject to amortisation or depreciation are reviewed for impairment
             whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
             An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
             recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal
             and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels
             for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other
             than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each
             reporting date.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   57
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.10 Properties available for sale
                  Properties available for sale are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of properties
                  available for sale comprises the acquisition cost of land, aggregate cost of development and other direct
                  expenses capitalised. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
                  business less estimated costs to be incurred in selling the properties.

                  The amount of any write down of properties available for sale is recognised as an expense in the year
                  write down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any write down arising from an increase in net
                  realisable value is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                  income in the year in which the reversal occurs.

           2.11 Financial assets
                  2.11.1 Classification
                         The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                        •      those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income
                               (“OCI”) or through profit or loss), and

                        •      those to be measured at amortised cost.

                        The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                        contractual terms of the cash flows.

                        For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI.
                        For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the
                        Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity
                        investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).

                        The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
                        those assets changes.

                  2.11.2 Recognition and derecognition
                         Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on
                         which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the
                         rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the
                         Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.




58   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.11 Financial assets (Continued)
             2.11.3 Measurement
                    At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
                    financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”), transaction costs that are directly
                    attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at
                    FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

                   Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                   whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

                   Debt instruments
                   Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
                   managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement
                   categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                   •      Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
                          flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
                          Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective
                          interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit
                          or loss and presented in other gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and losses.
                          Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.

                   •      FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial
                          assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are
                          measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the
                          recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and
                          losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the
                          cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss
                          and recognised in other gains/(losses). Interest income from these financial assets is included
                          in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses
                          are presented in other gains/(losses) and impairment expenses are presented as separate line
                          item in the statement of profit or loss.

                   •      FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL.
                          A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised in
                          profit or loss and presented net within other gains/(losses) in the year in which it arises.

                   Equity instruments
                   The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                   management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI,
                   there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the
                   derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in
                   profit or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                   Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) in the
                   statement of profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on
                   equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   59
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.11 Financial assets (Continued)
                  2.11.4 Impairment
                         The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses (“ECL”) associated with
                         its debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied
                         depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                        For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which
                        requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.

                        Impairment on other receivables is measured as either 12-month ECL or lifetime ECL, depending
                        on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If a significant
                        increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is
                        measured as lifetime ECL.

                        The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of an asset and whether there
                        has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.
                        To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk the Group compares the risk of a
                        default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial
                        recognition. It considers available reasonable and supporting forward-looking information.

                        Especially the following indicators are incorporated:

                        —      internal credit rating

                        —      external credit rating

                        —      actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                               that are expected to cause a significant change to the borrower’s ability to meet its obligations

                        —      actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the borrower

                        Macroeconomic information (such as market interest rates or growth rates) is incorporated as part
                        of the internal rating model.

                        Regardless of the analysis above, a significant increase in credit risk is presumed if a debtor is more
                        than 30 days past due in making a contractual payment.

                        A default on a financial asset is when the counterparty fails to make contractual payments within 90
                        days of when they fall due.

                        Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as
                        a debtor failing to engage in a repayment plan with the Group. The Group categorises a loan or
                        receivable for write off when a debtor fails to make contractual payments more than 365 days
                        past due. Where loans or receivables have been written off, the Group continues to engage in
                        enforcement activity to attempt to recover the receivable due. Where recoveries are made, these
                        are recognised in profit or loss.




60   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.12 Offsetting financial instruments
             Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated financial
             position where the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and
             there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The
             legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal
             course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Group or the counterparty.

      2.13 Financial guarantee contracts
             Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The
             liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:

             •     the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9 Financial
                   Instruments; and

             •     the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income
                   recognised in accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers

             The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash
             flows between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that
             would be required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party
             for assuming the obligations. Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are
             provided for no compensation, the fair values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of
             the cost of the investment.

      2.14 Trade and other receivables
             Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary
             course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the
             normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are
             presented as non-current assets.

             Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional
             unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The
             Group holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore
             measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for
             impairment.

      2.15 Cash and cash equivalents
             In the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits
             held at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months
             or less, and bank overdrafts (if any).




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   61
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.16 Share capital
                  Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

                  Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
                  deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

           2.17 Trade and other payables
                  Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course
                  of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if the payment
                  is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are
                  presented as non-current liabilities.

                  Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
                  cost using the effective interest method.

           2.18 Borrowings
                  Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
                  settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

                  Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
                  subsequently carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
                  and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
                  effective interest method.

           2.19 Borrowing costs
                  General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
                  production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get
                  ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets
                  are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

                  Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
                  on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

                  All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the year in which they are incurred.

           2.20 Current and deferred income tax
                  The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit or
                  loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly
                  in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity,
                  respectively.

                  Current income tax
                  The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                  at the end of each reporting period in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable
                  income. Management periodically evaluate positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in
                  which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on
                  the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.




62   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.20 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)
             Deferred income tax
             Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences, arising
             between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
             statements. However, the deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if it arises from initial recognition
             of goodwill, the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset
             or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
             neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws)
             that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period and are expected to
             apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred taxation liability is settled.

             The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is determined
             assuming the property will be recovered entirely through sale.

             Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit
             will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

             Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset
             current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes assets and liabilities
             relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different
             taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

      2.21 Employee benefits
             (i)     Employee leave entitlements
                     Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision
                     is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up
                     to the end of each reporting period.

                     Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

             (ii)    Retirement benefits
                     The Group operates defined contribution plans and pays contributions to privately administered
                     pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Group has no further
                     payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as
                     employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset
                     to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available. There were no
                     forfeited contributions available to offset future employer’s contributions to the schemes.

             (iii)   Termination benefits
                     Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal
                     retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these
                     benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed to a
                     termination when the entity has a detailed formal plan to terminate the employment of current
                     employees without possibility of withdrawal. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary
                     redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected
                     to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of each reporting period
                     are discounted to present value.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   63
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.21 Employee benefits (Continued)
                  (iv)   Bonus plans
                         The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses when the Group has a present legal
                         or constructive obligation as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable estimate of
                         such obligation can be made.

                  (v)    Long service payments
                         Under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance, the Group is required to make long service payments
                         to its employees upon the termination of their employment or retirement on ground of old age
                         when the employee fulfils certain conditions and the termination meets the required circumstances.
                         Further, where accrued benefits (excluding any part attributable to the employee’s contributions)
                         have been paid to the employee, or is being held in a mandatory provident fund scheme by the
                         employee, which is the case for most of the eligible employees of the Group, the long service
                         payment is offset against the aforementioned amount of benefits to the extent that they relate to
                         the employee’s years of service for which the long service payment is payable.

                         Based on the Group’s past experience and the directors’ knowledge of the business and work force,
                         the Group makes its estimates of its obligations to make long service payments to its employees in
                         the event of termination of their employment or retirement. The Group’s obligations to make such
                         long service payments are recognised in the financial statements as long service payment liabilities
                         at the present value (where the effect of discounting is material) of the long service payment
                         obligations, which are estimated after deducting the entitlements accrued under the Group’s
                         defined contribution retirement scheme that are attributable to contributions made by the Group.
                         Service cost, net interest on the long service payment liabilities (where discounting to present value
                         is adopted because the effect of discounting is material) and remeasurements of the long service
                         payment liabilities are recognised in profit or loss.

           2.22 Provisions
                  Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of
                  past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the
                  amounts have been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

                  Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
                  settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised
                  even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations
                  may be small.

                  Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the
                  obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
                  the risks specific to the obligations. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as
                  interest expense.




64   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.23 Earnings per share
             (i)    Basic earnings per share
                    Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                    •     the profit attributable to owners of the Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other
                          than ordinary shares

                    •     by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year,
                          adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding treasury
                          shares.

             (ii)   Diluted earnings per share
                    Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basis earnings per share
                    to take into account:

                    •     the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive
                          potential ordinary shares; and

                    •     the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                          assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

      2.24 Contingent liabilities and contingent assets
             A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be
             confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within
             the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised
             because it is not probable that outflow of economic resource will be required or the amount of obligation
             cannot be measured reliably.

             A contingent liability is not recognised but is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial
             statements. When a change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, it will then
             be recognised as a provision.

             A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
             only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain events not wholly within the control
             of the Group.

             Contingent assets are not recognised but are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial
             statements when an inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually certain, an asset is
             recognised.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   65
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.25 Revenue from contracts with customers
                  The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
                  the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

                  A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or
                  a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

                  Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
                  towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
                  met:

                  •     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                        performance as the Group performs;

                  •     the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                        performs; or

                  •     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
                        Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

                  Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
                  good or service.

                  A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
                  the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment
                  in accordance with HKFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
                  consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.




66   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.25 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
             A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which
             the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

             A contract asset and a contract liability relating to a contract are accounted for and presented on a net
             basis.

             (i)   Foundation works and superstructure building works
                   Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
                   performance obligation
                   Output method
                   The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on
                   output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value
                   of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or
                   services promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring
                   control of goods or services.

                   Variable consideration
                   For contracts that contain variable consideration (variation order of construction work), the Group
                   estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled using either (a) the expected value
                   method or (b) the most likely amount, depending on which method better predicts the amount of
                   consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

                   The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the
                   extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal
                   in the future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently
                   resolved.

                   At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
                   updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to
                   represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in
                   circumstances during the reporting period.

                   Costs to fulfil a contract
                   The Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract in its construction contracts. The Group first assesses
                   whether these costs qualify for recognition as an asset in terms of other relevant standards, failing
                   which it recognises an asset for these costs only if they meet all of the following criteria:

                   •      the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can
                          specifically identify;

                   •      the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in
                          continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and

                   •      the costs are expected to be recovered.

                   The asset so recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
                   consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate.
                   The asset is subject to impairment review.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   67
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.25 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                  (ii)    Property management services
                          Revenue arising from property management services is recognised over time in the accounting
                          period in which the services are rendered. The Group bills a fixed amount for services provided to
                          the customers and recognises as revenue in the amount to which the Group satisfies performance
                          obligations by transferring the services to its customers.

                  (iii)   Trading of construction materials/Sales of healthcare products and healthy food/Sales of
                          agricultures products, food and beverage materials/Sales of smart energy equipments
                          Revenue from sales of goods is recognised when control of the products has transferred, being
                          when the products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled obligations that could
                          affect the customers’ acceptance of the products. A delivery occurs when the products have been
                          delivered to the specific location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the
                          customer, and either the customer has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract,
                          or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

                          A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that
                          consideration is unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment is
                          due.

                  (iv)    Manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC services
                          Revenue from the manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC directly to the
                          customers is recognised at the point that the control of the finished products has passed to the
                          customers, which is primarily upon the delivery of the products to the customers.

                          The performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the
                          customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Revenue for these services is therefore
                          recognised over-time using output method, i.e. by reference to the progress towards complete
                          satisfaction of a performance obligation of the end of the reporting period, measured based on the
                          completion report signed by the customers.

                  (v)     Installation of smart energy equipments services
                          The performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the
                          customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Revenue for these services is therefore
                          recognised over-time using output method, i.e. by reference to the progress towards complete
                          satisfaction of a performance obligation of the end of the reporting period, measured based on the
                          completion report signed by the customers.

           2.26 Leases
                  Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased
                  asset is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance
                  cost. The finance cost is charged to consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                  income over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining
                  balance of the liability for each period.




68   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.26 Leases (Continued)
             Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
             include the net present value of fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease
             incentives receivable.

             Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in
             the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices. However,
             for leases of real estate for which the Group is a lessee, it has elected not to separate lease and non-
             lease components and instead accounts for these as a single lease component.

             Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
             conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interest in the
             leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing
             purposes.

             The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot
             be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental
             borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds
             necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment
             with similar terms, security and conditions.

             To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

             •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting
                   point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received,

             •     uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases
                   held by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing, and

             •     makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.

             Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the amount of the initial measurement of lease
             liability and any lease payments made at or before the commencement date. Depreciation on right-of-use
             assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to their residual values over their
             estimated lease period.

             Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-
             line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or
             less.

             Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
             measurement of the liability. Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is
             recognised in income on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining
             an operating lease are added to carrying amount of the underlying asset and recognised as expense
             over the lease term on the same basis as lease income. The respective leased assets are included in the
             balance sheet based on their nature.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   69
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.27 Dividend distribution
                  Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s
                  consolidated financial statements in the year in which the dividends are approved by the Group’s
                  shareholders or directors, where appropriate.

           2.28 Deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy
                  Life insurance policy that can be terminated at any time is determined by the upfront payments plus
                  accumulated interest earned and minus the accumulated insurance charge and policy expense charge. If
                  withdrawal is made, a pre-determined specified amount of surrender charge would be imposed.

           2.29 Government grants
                  Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that
                  the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. Government grants
                  relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the profit or loss over the period necessary to match
                  them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

           2.30 Interest income
                  Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and financial assets at FVOCI calculated using the
                  effective interest method is recognised in profit or loss as part of other income.

                  Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
                  financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit impaired
                  financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after
                  deduction of the loss allowance).

           2.31 Inventories
                  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories include
                  construction materials, agriculture products, food and beverage materials, healthcare products and
                  healthy food and smart energy equipments which are determined on a first-in, first-out method and costs
                  of inventories include photovoltaic products and EPC which are determined by weighted average method.
                  Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of
                  completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental
                  costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the
                  sale.

           2.32 Related parties
                  A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

                  (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person:

                        (i)     has control or joint control of the Group;

                        (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                        (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group.




70   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.32 Related parties (Continued)
             or

             (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                   (i)     has control or joint control of the Group;

                   (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or
                           fellow subsidiary of the other entity);

                   (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                   (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                           entity;

                   (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group
                           or an entity related to the Group;

                   (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                   (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of key
                           management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                   (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                          services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

             Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence or
             be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

      2.33 Investment in an associate
             An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power
             to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint
             control over those policies.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   71
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.33 Investment in an associate (Continued)
                  The results and assets and liabilities of associate are incorporated in these consolidated financial
                  statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of an associate used for
                  equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the Group for like
                  transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate
                  is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and adjusted thereafter
                  to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate.
                  Changes in net assets of the associate other than profit or loss and other comprehensive income are not
                  accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group. When
                  the Group’s share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate (which includes
                  any long- term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associate), the
                  Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the
                  extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the
                  associate.

                  An investment in an associate is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which the
                  investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost
                  of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of
                  the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment.
                  Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the cost
                  of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which
                  the investment is acquired.

                  The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate may be
                  impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
                  goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its
                  recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount.
                  Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the
                  carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with
                  HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

                  When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate, it is accounted for as a disposal
                  of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. When
                  the Group retains an interest in the former associate and the retained interest is a financial asset within
                  the scope of HKFRS 9, the Group measures the retained interest at fair value at that date and the fair
                  value is regarded as its fair value on initial recognition. The difference between the carrying amount of
                  the associate and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing the relevant
                  interest in the associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate.
                  In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in
                  relation to that associate on the same basis as would be required if that associate had directly disposed of
                  the related assets or liabilities. Therefore, if a gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive
                  income by that associate would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets
                  or liabilities, the Group reclassifies the gain or loss from equity to profit or loss (as a reclassification
                  adjustment) upon disposal/partial disposal of the relevant associate.




72   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.33 Investment in an associate (Continued)
             The Group continues to use the equity method when an investment in an associate becomes an
             investment in a joint venture. There is no remeasurement to fair value upon such changes in ownership
             interests.

             When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate but the Group continues to use the equity
             method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had previously been
             recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if that gain or
             loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.

             When a group entity transacts with an associate of the Group, profits and losses resulting from the
             transactions with the associate are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only to
             the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.

3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      3.1 Financial risk factors
             The Group’s activities exposed it to a variety of financial risks: foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk,
             credit risk and liquidity risk.

             The Group’s overall risk management programmed focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets
             and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

             (i)   Foreign exchange risk
                   The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk primarily arising from monetary assets and liabilities
                   of certain subsidiaries denominated in foreign currencies other than their functional currencies. The
                   currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily HK$, Renminbi, the United States Dollar and Japanese
                   Yen.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   73
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                  (i)    Foreign exchange risk (Continued)
                         The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk
                         arising from forecast transactions or recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other
                         than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate.

                                                                             Assets                         Liabilities
                                                                         2025            2024            2025                2024
                                                                      HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000             HK$’000


                         HK$                                                 –*              –*              –            250,931
                         Renminbi (“RMB”)                                   27             128               –                  –
                         United States Dollar (“US$”)                      896             919               –                  –
                         Japanese Yen (“JPY”)                                –               –         414,189                  –

                         *   Less than HK$1,000


                         Sensitivity analysis
                         If the RMB has been appreciated/depreciated 5% against the foreign currency and all other
                         variable were held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year would decrease/increase
                         by approximately HK$1,000 (2024: approximately HK$6,000). If the JPY has been appreciated/
                         depreciated 5% against the foreign currency and all other variable were held constant, the Group’s
                         post-tax profit for the year would decrease/increase by approximately HK$661,000 (2024: Nil). No
                         sensitivity analysis is presented for foreign currency fluctuation between US$ against HK$ because
                         HK$ is pegged to US$ and assumed that the rate would not be materially affected by any changes
                         in movement in value of the HK$ against other currencies.

                  (ii)   Interest rate risk
                         Other than bank balances with variable interest rate, the Group has no other significant interest-
                         bearing assets. Management does not anticipate significant impact to interest-bearing assets
                         resulted from the changes in interest rates, because the interest rates of bank balances are not
                         expected to change significantly.

                         The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rates bank borrowings and
                         fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate other borrowings and lease liabilities. The Group
                         is not exposed to significant cash flow interest rate risk. The Group currently does not have interest
                         rate hedging policy. However, the management monitors interest rate exposure and will consider
                         hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arise.

                         Sensitivity analysis
                         The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for
                         variable-rate bank borrowing. It is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in
                         interest rates, with all other variables held constant, the Group’s profit for the year would decrease/
                         increase by approximately HK$458,000 (2024: approximately HK$632,000).

                         The Group’s exposure to interest rates on financial liabilities are detailed in the liquidity risk
                         management section of this note.




74   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
             (iii)   Credit risk
                     Credit risk arises mainly from trade receivables, bills receivables, other receivables and deposits,
                     pledged bank deposits and bank balances. The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in the
                     event of the counterparties’ failure to perform their obligations as at the reporting dates in relation
                     to each class of recognised financial assets is the carrying amount of those assets as stated in the
                     consolidated statements of financial position.

                     In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible
                     for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that
                     follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. The credit quality of the debtors is assessed
                     based on their financial position, past experience and other factors. The Group has policies in
                     place to ensure credit terms are granted to reliable debtors. In addition, the Group reviews the
                     recoverable amount of each individual debt at the end of each of the reporting period to ensure that
                     adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the management of
                     the Group considers that the credit risk is significantly reduced.

                     As at 31 December 2025, there were one (2024: four) customers which individually contributed
                     over 10% of the Group’s trade receivables. The aggregate amounts of trade receivables from these
                     customers amounted to 14% respectively (2024: 74%) of the Group’s total trade receivables as at
                     31 December 2025.

                     The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there
                     has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.
                     To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a
                     default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial
                     recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive forward-looking information.

                     Trade receivables and contract assets
                     The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits
                     the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables and contract assets. To
                     measure the ECL, trade receivables and contract assets have been assessed collectively using
                     a provision matrix with appropriate groupings based on same risk characteristics and the days
                     past due. The Group has performed historical analysis and identified the key economic variables
                     impacting credit risk and expected credit loss. The ECL also incorporate forward-looking information
                     such as actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                     that are expected to cause a significant change to the debtor’s ability to meet its obligations.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   75
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                  (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                          Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)
                          As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the loss allowance for trade receivables were determined as
                          follows:

                                                                             1 to 30    31 to 60    61 to 90      Over 90
                                                                                days       days        days          days
                                                                 Current    past due   past due    past due      past due        Total

                          31 December 2025

                          Expected credit loss rate                  –%          –%         –%             –%       40.3%

                          Gross carrying amount —
                            trade receivables (HK$’000)        1,820,627       4,028      3,547          2,904      5,954    1,837,060

                          Loss allowance (HK$’000)                     –           –          –              –      2,400       2,400

                          31 December 2024

                          Expected credit loss rate                  –%          –%         –%             –%       13.4%

                          Gross carrying amount —
                            trade receivables (HK$’000)          878,023      45,384     14,952          3,743     17,063     959,165

                          Loss allowance (HK$’000)                     –           –          –              –      2,292       2,292

                          The estimated loss rate are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected
                          life of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue
                          cost or effect.

                          The Group uses four categories for bills receivables, other receivables and deposits, pledged bank
                          deposits and bank balances which reflect their credit risk and how the loss provision is determined
                          for each of those categories. These internal credit risk ratings are aligned to external credit ratings.

                          The Group’s internal credit risk grading comprises the following categories:

                                                                                                             Basis for recognition
                          Category           Group definition of category                                    of ECL

                          Performing         There have low risk of default and has not been any             12-month ECL
                                               significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition
                          Doubtful           There have been significant increase in credit risk since       Lifetime ECL —
                                               initial recognition                                              not credit impaired
                          Default            There is credit impaired when one or more events that    Lifetime ECL —
                                               have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash    credit impaired
                                               flows
                          Write-off          There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in severe       Amount is written off
                                               financial difficulty and the Group has no realistic
                                               prospect of recovery

                          Bills receivables
                          The internal credit rating of bills receivables were performing. Management has measured the loss
                          allowances of these financial assets at 12m ECL. The Group uses past due information and forward-
                          looking information to assess whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition.




76   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
             (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                     Other receivables and deposits
                     For other receivables and deposits, the management makes periodic individual assessment on
                     the recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past
                     experience, and also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive
                     forward-looking information.

                     Pledged bank deposits and bank balances
                     The credit risk of pledged bank deposits and bank balances is considered not material as such
                     amounts are placed in reputable banks with high credit rating assigned by international credit-rating
                     agencies. There has been no recent history of default in relation to these banks and thus the risk of
                     default is regarded as low.

                     The movement in the loss allowances for trade receivables, contract assets, bills receivables and
                     other receivables and deposits during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:

                                                                         Trade              Trade          Contract
                                                                   receivables       receivables              assets                         Other
                                                                 Life-time ECL     Life-time ECL      Life-time ECL            Bills   receivables
                                                                    (not credit            (credit       (not credit    receivables   and deposits
                                                                     impaired)         impaired)          impaired) (12-month ECL) (12-month ECL)
                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


                     As at 1 January 2024                                4,511              6,881            1,190            824             269
                     Transfer to credit-impaired                          (181)               181                –              –               –
                     Reversal of loss allowance recognised in
                        profit or loss during the year                        –            (3,704)                –              –                –
                     Disposal of subsidiaries                           (4,297)              (970)          (1,182)              –            (154)
                     Exchange realignment                                   (33)               (96)              (8)           (30)              (3)


                     As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025               –              2,292                –            794             112
                     Exchange realignment                                    –                108                –             38                5


                     As at 31 December 2025                                  –              2,400                –            832             117

                     The creation and release of provision for impaired trade receivables, contract assets and bills and
                     other receivables and deposits have been included in administrative and other operating expenses
                     in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. Amounts charged
                     to the allowance account are generally written off, when there is no expectation of recovery.




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025     77
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                  (iv)   Liquidity risk
                         The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that
                         it maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet their liquidity requirements in the short and long
                         term. Management believes there is no significant liquidity risk as the Group has sufficient financial
                         resources to fund their operations.

                         The following table details the remaining contractual maturities at the end of each reporting period
                         of the Group’s financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
                         interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating based on current rates at the end
                         of each reporting period) and the earliest date the Group may be required to pay:

                                                                    On demand      Between     Between                       Total       Total
                                                                      or within     one and     two and    More than undiscounted     carrying
                                                                      one year    two years   five years   five years  cash flows    amounts
                                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


                         At 31 December 2025
                         Trade and other payables                     1,685,958           –           –            –     1,685,958   1,685,958
                         Borrowings                                   1,714,978      60,726     122,819       75,962     1,974,485   1,928,464
                         Lease liabilities                              206,561     322,216      61,772       77,186       667,735     617,925


                                                                      3,607,497     382,942     184,591      153,148     4,328,178   4,232,347


                         Derivative financial liabilities at fair
                          value through profit or loss                    1,964           –           –            –         1,964      1,964


                         At 31 December 2024
                         Trade and other payables                       872,798           –           –            –       872,798     872,798
                         Borrowings                                   1,689,363     109,180     152,225       94,483     2,045,251   1,980,304
                         Lease liabilities                                1,773       1,759       5,278        5,363        14,173      11,589


                                                                      2,563,934     110,939     157,503       99,846     2,932,222   2,864,691




78   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.2 Capital risk management
             The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue
             as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders, to support the Group’s
             stability and growth; to earn a margin commensurate with the level of business and market risks in the
             Group’s operations and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

             In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the number of dividends paid to
             shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares, obtain new borrowings or sell assets to
             reduce debt.

             The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as the debts as at
             each year end divided by the total equity as at each year end.

             The gearing ratio of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000


             Debts (Note)                                                                             2,546,389        1,991,893
             Total equity                                                                             2,048,338        1,539,674


             Gearing ratio                                                                             124.31%          129.37%

             Note: Debts comprises lease liabilities and borrowings as detailed in Notes 29 and 33.


      3.3 Fair value estimation
             The Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 by level of the
             inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised into three levels
             within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

             •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

             •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                    either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

             •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                    inputs) (level 3).




                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   79
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
                  (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
                         Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
                         period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are
                         determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used).

                                                                 Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                          Significant
                                                                                        Fair value Valuation technique(s)                 unobservable
                         Financial assets                        2025         2024      hierarchy and key input(s)                        input(s)
                                                               HK$’000      HK$’000


                         Listed equity securities classified     5,586              3   Level 1    Quoted bid prices in                   N/A
                           as financial assets at fair value                                        an active market
                           through profit or loss

                         Derivative financial assets at            188              –   Level 2    Discounted cash flow, future cash      N/A
                           fair value through profit or loss                                         flows are estimate based on
                                                                                                     forward interest rates (from
                                                                                                     observable yield curves at the
                                                                                                     end of the reporting period)
                                                                                                     and contracted interest rates,
                                                                                                     discounted at a rate that
                                                                                                     reflect the credit risk of carious
                                                                                                     counterparties

                                                                 Fair value as at
                                                                                                                                          Significant
                                                                                        Fair value Valuation technique(s)                 unobservable
                         Financial liabilities                   2025         2024      hierarchy and key input(s)                        input(s)
                                                               HK$’000      HK$’000


                         Derivative financial liabilities at     1,964              –   Level 2    Discounted cash flow, future cash      N/A
                           fair value through profit or loss                                         flows are estimate based on
                                                                                                     forward interest rates (from
                                                                                                     observable yield curves at the
                                                                                                     end of the reporting period)
                                                                                                     and contracted interest rates,
                                                                                                     discounted at a rate that
                                                                                                     reflect the credit risk of carious
                                                                                                     counterparties

                         There were no transfers between Level 1, 2 and 3 in current and prior years.

                  (ii)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair
                         value on recurring basis
                         The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amount of financial assets and financial liabilities
                         recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.




80   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
      Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are continually evaluated and
      are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to
      be reasonable under the circumstances. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition, seldom equal the
      related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment
      to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.

      Estimation of recoverability of trade receivables
      The directors of the Company estimate the amount of loss allowance for trade receivable based on the credit
      risk of trade receivables. The loss allowance amount is measured as the difference between the asset’s
      carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows with the consideration of expected
      future credit losses. The assessment of the credit risk of trade receivables involves high degree of estimation
      and uncertainty as the directors of the Company estimates the loss rates for debtors by using past history,
      existing market conditions as well as forward-looking information. When the actual future cash flows are less
      than expected or more than expected, a material impairment loss or a material reversal of impairment loss may
      arise accordingly. For details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 3.1.

5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS/(LOSS) AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      Revenue, other income and net gains/(loss) recognised during the current year and prior year are as follows:

                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000


      Revenue
      New energy and EPC                                                                  8,530,316          4,127,452
      Green building and construction related business                                      602,118            898,094
      Smart energy management services                                                      111,638             65,863
      Health and wellness                                                                 1,772,774            925,256
      F&B supply chain                                                                            –              5,057


      Revenue from contracts with customers                                              11,016,846          6,021,722
      Rental income                                                                               –             10,304


                                                                                         11,016,846          6,032,026


      Other income and net gains/(loss)
      Interest income                                                                         17,979              9,864
      Gain/(loss) on fair value change of financial assets at
        fair value through profit or loss                                                        319                  (5)
      Net loss on fair value changes of derivative financial instruments
        at fair value through profit or loss                                                  (1,728)                –
      Net gains on disposal of subsidiaries                                                   19,871            52,901
      Net gains on deregistration of subsidiaries                                                  –               148
      Net gain/(loss) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                            22,048              (908)
      Government grants                                                                       63,066           116,626
      Operating lease income                                                                     580             3,074
      Sundry income                                                                              710               999


                                                                                            122,845            182,699




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   81
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS/(LOSS) AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           Government grants of approximately HK$63,066,000 (2024: approximately HK$116,626,000) in respect of
           foreign enterprises and other business incentives from various government authorities in the PRC, which were
           recognised during the year as there were no unfulfilled conditions.

           Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


           Timing of revenue recognition
           Over time                                                                          12,695          243,805
           A point in time                                                                11,004,151        5,777,917


                                                                                          11,016,846        6,021,722


           Types of services or goods
           Foundation works and superstructure building works                                      –          113,511
           Property management services                                                            –           64,431
           Trading of construction materials                                                 602,118          720,152
           Sales of agriculture products, food and beverage materials                              –          686,340
           Sales of healthcare products and healthy food                                   1,772,774          243,973
           Manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC services               8,530,316        4,127,452
           Sales of smart energy equipments                                                  108,000                –
           Installation of smart energy equipments services                                    3,638           65,863


                                                                                          11,016,846        6,021,722


           Performance obligations for contracts with customers
           Foundation works and superstructure building works
           The performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the customer
           controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Revenue for these works is therefore recognised over time using
           output method, i.e. based on surveys of the relevant services completed by the Group to date with reference
           to certificates issued by customers or payment applications confirmed by internal surveyor. The directors of
           the Company consider that output method would faithfully depict the Group’s performance towards complete
           satisfaction of these performance obligations in these contracts under HKFRS 15.




82   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS/(LOSS) AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)
      Property management services
      Revenue arising from property management services is recognised over time in the accounting period in which
      the services are rendered. The Group bills the amount for services provided to the customers and recognises
      as revenue in the amount to which the Group satisfies performance obligations by transferring the services
      to its customers. The Group has elected the practical expedient for not disclosing the remaining performance
      obligations for these types of contracts.

      Trading of construction materials/Sales of healthcare products and healthy food/Sales of agricultures
      products, food and beverage materials/Sales of smart energy equipments
      Revenue from sales of goods is recognised when control of the products has transferred, being when the
      products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled obligations that could affect the customers’
      acceptance of the products. A delivery occurs when the products have been delivered to the specific location,
      the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customer, and either the customer has
      accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, or the Group has objective evidence that all
      criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

      A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that consideration is
      unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.

      Manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC services
      Revenue from the manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC directly to the customers is
      recognised at the point in time that the control of the finished products has passed to the customers, which is
      primarily upon the delivery of the products to the customers.

      The performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the customer
      controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Revenue for these services is therefore recognised over-time
      using output method, i.e. by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance
      obligation of the end of the reporting period, measured based on the completion report signed by the
      customers.

      Installation of smart energy equipments services
      The performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the customer
      controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Revenue for these services is therefore recognised over-time
      using output method, i.e. by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance
      obligation of the end of the reporting period, measured based on the completion report signed by the
      customers.

      Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations from contracts with
      customers
      All provision of foundation works and superstructure building works, property management services, EPC
      services and installation of smart energy equipment services are for periods of one year or less. As permitted
      under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   83
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS/(LOSS) AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           Segment information
           The Group’s operating segments are determined based on information reported to the board of directors of the
           Company, being the chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and
           assessment of segment performance.

           Specifically, the Group’s reportable and operating segments under HKFRS 8 Operating Segments are as
           follows:

           (i)     New energy and EPC — manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC services;

           (ii)    Green building and construction related business — provision of piling works, excavation and lateral
                   support works, and pile cap construction and building works; development and sale of properties and
                   holding of properties for investment and leasing purposes; provision of property management services,
                   which include security, cleaning, greening, gardening, repair and maintenance; and supplying of
                   construction materials;

           (iii)   Smart energy management services — provision of smart energy management system, which include
                   sales and installation of energy-saving lighting, energy-saving equipment and information technology
                   development services;

           (iv)    Health and wellness — provision of health and wellness services, which include the healthcare consulting
                   and sales of healthcare products and healthy food; and

           (v)     F&B supply chain — provision of agriculture products, food and beverage materials supply chain business.




84   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS/(LOSS) AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Segment information (Continued)
      Segment revenue and results
      The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and result by operating segments:

      For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                     Green building
                                                                and   Smart energy
                                        New energy     construction   management          Health            F&B
                                           and EPC related business       services   and wellness   supply chain         Total
                                           HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


      REVENUE
      Revenue from external customers     8,530,316         602,118        111,638      1,772,774              –     11,016,846


      RESULT
      Segment profit                        74,977             707          40,574          2,175              –        118,433


      Other income and net gains                                                                                         68,950
      Share of profit of an associate                                                                                        80
      Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                                    (38,607)
      Finance costs                                                                                                     (66,564)


      Profit before income tax                                                                                           82,292




                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025   85
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS/(LOSS) AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           Segment information (Continued)
           Segment revenue and results (Continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                              Green building
                                                                         and    Smart energy
                                             New energy          construction   management          Health            F&B
                                               and EPC      related business        services   and wellness   supply chain       Total
                                               HK$’000              HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000


           REVENUE
           Revenue from external customers      4,127,452           908,398          65,863        925,256          5,057    6,032,026


           RESULT
           Segment profit/(loss)                  84,922              (7,260)           162          1,171             47      79,042


           Other income and net gains                                                                                           67,145
           Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                                      (38,519)
           Finance costs                                                                                                       (51,385)


           Profit before income tax                                                                                            56,283

           Segment revenue reported above represents revenue generated from external customers. There were no inter-
           segment sales during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

           The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. Segment
           results represent the profit/(loss) from each segment without allocation of certain of other income and net
           gains, share of profit of an associate, unallocated corporate expenses and finance costs. This is the measure
           reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.




86   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS/(LOSS) AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Segment information (Continued)
      Segment assets and liabilities

                                                                                               2025              2024
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


      Segment assets
      New energy and EPC                                                                   3,989,787          2,952,469
      Green building and construction related business                                        73,804             33,668
      Smart energy management services                                                       179,632             71,690
      Health and wellness                                                                    106,593              3,107
      F&B supply chain                                                                         7,822              7,843


      Total reportable segment assets                                                      4,357,638          3,068,777
      Unallocated corporate assets                                                         2,392,522          1,407,838


      Consolidated total assets                                                            6,750,160          4,476,615


      Segment liabilities
      New energy and EPC                                                                   3,891,433          2,705,210
      Green building and construction related business                                        48,541              2,802
      Smart energy management services                                                        74,737             73,641
      Health and wellness                                                                    107,631                205
      F&B supply chain                                                                             –                  –


      Total reportable segment liabilities                                                 4,122,342          2,781,858
      Unallocated corporate liabilities                                                      579,480            155,083


      Consolidated total liabilities                                                       4,701,822          2,936,941

      For the purposes of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources between segments:

      •      all assets are allocated to operating segments other than certain of right-of-use assets, tax recoverable,
             pledged bank deposits, cash and bank balance and other unallocated corporate assets; and

      •      all liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than tax payables, certain of lease liabilities and
             other unallocated corporate liabilities.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   87
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS/(LOSS) AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           Segment information (Continued)
           Other segment information
           For the year ended 31 December 2025

                                                                      Green building
                                                                                 and
                                                                        construction      Smart energy    Health       F&B
                                                           New energy        related      management          and    supply
                                                              and EPC      business           services   wellness     chain   Unallocated      Total
                                                              HK$’000       HK$’000           HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


           Addition to non-current assets                    1,066,682               –              –           –         –       164,457   1,231,139
           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment       133,253               –              6           –         –           157     133,416
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                  54,976               –              –           –         –         2,422      57,398


           For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                         Green building
                                                                                    and
                                                                           construction   Smart energy    Health       F&B
                                                           New energy           related   management          and    supply
                                                             and EPC          business        services   wellness     chain   Unallocated       Total
                                                             HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000


           Addition to non-current assets                     667,328              329             16           –         –        38,640    706,313
           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment      136,064            3,926              4           –         –           488    140,482
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                      –                –              –           –         –         1,599      1,599
           Loss on fair value changes of investment
             properties                                             –          (10,044)              –          –         –             –     (10,044)




88   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS/(LOSS) AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Segment information (Continued)
      Geographical information
      The Group’s operations are located in both Hong Kong and the PRC.

      The Group’s revenue from external customers by location of operations and information about its non-current
      assets by location of assets are detailed below:

                                                                  Revenue from
                                                                external customers         Non-current assets
                                                                  2025           2024        2025              2024
                                                                HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000           HK$’000


      Hong Kong                                                 108,000         113,511       3,029              241
      The PRC                                                10,908,846       5,918,515   2,508,801        1,435,319


                                                             11,016,846       6,032,026   2,511,830        1,435,560

      Note: Non-current assets excluded investment in an associate.


      Information about major customers
      Revenue from customers contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


      Customer I1                                                                         1,489,220        1,225,209

      1
             Revenue from new energy and EPC.


6.    FINANCE COSTS

                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


      Interest on bank borrowings and other borrowings                                      48,489            51,265
      Interest on lease liabilities                                                         18,075               120


                                                                                            66,564            51,385




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   89
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     7.    PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX
           Profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


           Auditors’ remuneration                                                             1,580             1,580
           Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                    133,416          140,482
           Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                               57,398             1,599
           Reversal of impairment losses on trade receivables                                     –            (3,704)
           Rental expense from short-term leases                                              4,632           20,045
           Cost of inventories sold recognised as an expense                              8,904,794        5,575,515
           Staff costs (including directors’ emoluments)                                    133,039          184,483


     8.    EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES, INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

                                                                                             2025              2024
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


           Directors’ emoluments                                                              2,581            2,277
           Other staff costs                                                                117,989          164,437
           Retirement scheme contributions
           — defined contribution plan, excluding directors                                  12,469           17,769


                                                                                            133,039          184,483

           The Group operates defined contribution schemes in Hong Kong which comply with the requirements under
           the Mandatory Provident Fund (“MPF”) Schemes Ordinance. All assets under the scheme are held separately
           from the Group under independently administered funds. Contributions to the MPF scheme follow the MPF
           Schemes Ordinance.

           The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries established in the PRC are required to participate in a state-
           managed retirement benefit scheme operated by the PRC government. The Group is required to contribute
           a certain percentage of basic payroll costs to the retirement benefit scheme to fund the benefits. The only
           obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make the required contributions
           under the scheme.

           As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no forfeited contributions available to offset future employers’
           contributions to the schemes.




90   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



9.    BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS
      (a)    Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
             The remuneration of each director and the chief executive for the years ended 31 December 2025 and
             2024 are set out below:

                                                                      Salaries,
                                                                   allowances
                                                                     and other                 Retirement
                                                                       benefits Discretionary      scheme
                                                            Fee         in kind      bonuses contributions              Total
                                                        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000             HK$’000


             Year ended 31 December 2025
             Executive directors
             — Mr. Yu Zhuyun (“Mr. Yu”) (Note (i))             –            660                –              18           678
             — Mr. Li Menglin                                  –            605                –               –           605

             Non-executive directors
             — Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                                 –            165                –               –           165
             — Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                  –            293                –              15           308

             Independent non-executive directors
             — Dr. Li David Xianglin                        275                –               –               –           275
             — Mr. Wang Wenxing                             275                –               –               –           275
             — Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                           275                –               –               –           275

                                                            825           1,723                –              33         2,581

                                                                        Salaries,
                                                                    allowances
                                                                      and other                       Retirement
                                                                        benefits    Discretionary        scheme
                                                            Fee          in kind        bonuses     contributions        Total
                                                        HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000


             Year ended 31 December 2024
             Executive directors
             — Mr. Yu (Note (i))                               –            645                –              18           663
             — Mr. Li Menglin                                  –            591                –               –           591

             Non-executive directors
             — Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                                 –            108                –               –           108
             — Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                  –            108                –               –           108

             Independent non-executive directors
             — Dr. Li David Xianglin                        269                –               –               –           269
             — Mr. Wang Wenxing                             269                –               –               –           269
             — Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                           269                –               –               –           269

                                                            807           1,452                –              18         2,277

             During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors as an inducement to join or upon
             joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2024: Nil). Neither the chief executive nor any of
             the directors has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the year (2024: Nil).


                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025   91
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     9.    BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
           (a)    Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)
                  Note:


                  (i)     Mr. Yu is also the chief executive officer of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above including these for services
                          rendered by him as the chief executive officer.


           (b) Five highest paid individuals
                  Of the five individuals with the highest in the Group, two (2024: none) were directors, whose emoluments
                  are disclosed above. The emoluments paid to the remaining three (2024: five) individuals were as follows:

                                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000


                  Salaries and allowances                                                                            3,152                5,322
                  Discretionary bonuses                                                                                  –                    –
                  Retirement scheme contributions                                                                       92                    –


                                                                                                                     3,244                5,322

                  The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                                                    2025                  2024
                                                                                                             Number of              Number of
                                                                                                             individuals            individuals


                  Emolument bands (in HK$)
                  Nil–HK$1,000,000                                                                                        1                    2
                  HK$1,000,001–HK$1,500,000                                                                               2                    3

                  During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the above highest paid individuals as (i) an
                  inducement to join or upon joining the Group or (ii) as compensation for loss of office as a director or
                  management of any members of the Group (2024: nil).

     10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000


           Hong Kong Profits Tax
           — Current tax                                                                                             6,890                      –

           The PRC Enterprise Income Tax
           — Current tax                                                                                           14,668                 2,153

           Deferred tax (Note 31)                                                                                         –                   32


           Income tax expense                                                                                      21,558                 2,185




92   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
      On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
      2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28
      March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first
      HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will
      be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will
      continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

      Hong Kong Profits Tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits for both
      years. No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made for the year ended 31 December 2024 as the
      Group has available tax losses brought forward from prior periods.

      Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the
      EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.

      Pursuant to relevant PRC tax laws and regulations, the annual taxable income of a small low-profit enterprises
      (the “Small Low-profit Enterprises”) that is not more than RMB1 million shall be taxed at a 20% corporate
      income tax rate on 12.5% (2024: 12.5%) of their taxable income amount for the proportion of taxable income
      not exceeding RMB1 million; and taxed at a 20% corporate income tax rate on 50% (2024: 50%) of their
      taxable income amount of more than RMB1 million but not exceeding RMB3 million for the year.

      Taxation arising in other jurisdiction is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdiction.

      The tax charge for the year can be reconciled to profit before tax per consolidated statement of profit or loss
      and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                                   2025               2024
                                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000


      Profit before income tax                                                                     82,292            56,283


      Calculated at the statutory tax rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%)                                  13,578              9,287
      Income not subject to tax                                                                   (20,065)           (43,761)
      Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                     28,604             29,813
      Tax concession                                                                                 (650)               (13)
      Tax effect of share of profit of an associate                                                   (20)                 –
      Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognised                             23,128             20,120
      Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                         (27,825)           (27,356)
      Effect of different taxation rates in other jurisdictions                                     4,808             14,095


      Income tax expense                                                                           21,558              2,185




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   93
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     11. EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000

           Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company                                                          34,240              106,393
                                                                                                                                 ’000                  ’000

           Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
            calculating basic earnings per share                                                                            4,224,000           4,224,000
                                                                                                                             HK cent              HK cent

           Basic earnings per share                                                                                              0.81                  2.52

           No diluted earnings per share is presented for both years as there was no potential ordinary share outstanding.

     12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
           Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are set out as follows:

                                                Place of incorporation/                                Issued and fully
                                                operation and                                          paid-up capital/
           Name                                 kind of legal entity       Principal activities        registered capital        Percentage of interest held
                                                                                                                                       2025              2024

           中環低碳(安徽)新能源光伏科技                  PRC, limited                   Provision of new energy     Registered capital            53.33%           53.33%
             有限公司                             liability company              and EPC                     RMB1,500,000,000          (indirect)        (indirect)
           Zhonghuan Low Carbon (Anhui) New
             Energy Photovoltaic Technology
             Co. Ltd.* “Zhonghuan Low
             Carbon (Anhui) New Energy”
           中環低碳(安徽)新能源光伏組件                  PRC, limited                   Provision of new energy     Registered capital            53.33%           53.33%
             科技有限公司                           liability company              and EPC                     RMB200,000,000            (indirect)        (indirect)
           Zhonghuan Low Carbon (Anhui)
             New Energy Photovoltaic Module
             Technology Co., Ltd*
             “Photovoltaic Module”
           中環新能(安徽)先進電池制造                   PRC, limited                   Provision of new energy     Registered capital            53.33%           53.33%
             有限公司                             liability company              and EPC                     RMB200,000,000            (indirect)        (indirect)
           Zhonghuan Xin Neng (Anhui)
             Advanced Battery Manufacturing
             Co. Ltd.*
           中環(桐城)新能源科技有限公司                 PRC, limited                    Provision of new energy     Registered capital               71%              71%
            Central (Tongcheng) New Energy   liability company               and EPC                     RMB600,000,000            (indirect)        (indirect)
            Technology Co., Ltd.*
           中環低碳(鳳台)新能源科技有限公司 PRC, limited                                  Provision of new energy     Registered capital              100%             100%
           Zhonghuan Low Carbon (Fengtai)    liability company               and EPC                     RMB30,000,000             (indirect)        (indirect)
             New Energy Technology Co. Ltd.*
           中環數科(江蘇)智能科技有限公司                     PRC, limited               Provision of smart energy   Registered capital                  –            100%
            Central DigiTech (Jiang Su)           liability company          management services         RMB20,000,000                               (indirect)
            Intelligent Technology Inc.*
            (Note 37(ii))

           Notes:

           (a)      None of the subsidiaries had issued any listed securities at the end of the reporting period.

           (b)      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results or assets of
                    the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

           *        English translation of the name of a Chinese company is provided for identification purpose only.



94   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      The table below shows details of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group that has material non-controlling
      interest:

                                                                      Proportion of ownership
                                             Place of incorporation     interests and voting
                                             and principal place of        rights held by         Profit/(loss) allocated to        Accumulated
      Name of subsidiary                     business                 non-controlling interests   non-controlling interests    non-controlling interests
                                                                           2025           2024        2025           2024          2025           2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000


      Zhonghuan Low Carbon (Anhui)           PRC, limited liability      46.67%        46.67%         46,526       (49,916)      467,891        395,225
        New Energy and its subsidiaries        company

      Central (Tongcheng) New Energy         PRC, limited liability         29%           29%       (19,490)         (2,183)       73,426        28,032
        Technology Co., Ltd.                   company

      Individually immaterial subsidiaries                                                             (542)          (196)          (702)         (339)
        with non-controlling interests


                                                                                                      26,494       (52,295)      540,615        422,918

      The non-controlling interests in respect of the others is not material.

      Summarised financial information on subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests
      Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling
      interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup
      eliminations.

      Zhonghuan Low Carbon (Anhui) New Energy and its subsidiaries

      Summarised consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                                      2025                      2024
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                   HK$’000


      Current assets                                                                                              2,964,823                  1,808,140


      Non-current assets                                                                                          1,298,669                  1,310,177


      Current liabilities                                                                                        (2,436,844)             (1,837,602)


      Non-current liabilities                                                                                       (220,668)                 (305,027)


      Net assets                                                                                                  1,605,980                   975,688




                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025      95
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           Summarised financial information on subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests
           (Continued)
           Zhonghuan Low Carbon (Anhui) New Energy and its subsidiaries (Continued)

           Summarised consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

                                                                                         2025         2024
                                                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000


           Revenue                                                                    2,561,801    2,672,193


           Profit/(loss) for the year                                                   99,692      (106,955)


           Profit/(loss) attributable to the non-controlling interests                  46,526       (49,916)


           Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year                            56,010       (36,311)


           Other comprehensive income/(expense) attributable to the
             non-controlling interests                                                  26,140       (16,947)


           Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year                           155,702      (143,266)


           Total comprehensive income/(expense) allocated to
             non-controlling interests                                                  72,666       (66,863)

           Summarised consolidated statement of cash flows

                                                                                         2025         2024
                                                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000


           Net cash (outflow)/inflow from operating activities                         (303,372)    275,392


           Net cash outflow from investing activities                                   (35,065)    (660,759)


           Net cash inflow from financing activities                                   614,756      632,018


           Net cash inflow                                                             276,319      246,651




96   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Summarised financial information on subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests
      (Continued)
      Central (Tongcheng) New Energy Technology Co., Ltd

      Summarised consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000

      Current assets                                                                  218,090            268,272

      Non-current assets                                                              859,168             99,410

      Current liabilities                                                             (298,681)         (166,099)

      Non-current liabilities                                                         (287,911)                  –

      Net assets                                                                      490,666            201,583

      Summarised consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000

      Revenue                                                                         453,418                    –

      Loss for the year                                                                (67,209)            (7,529)

      Loss attributable to the non-controlling interests                               (19,490)            (2,183)

      Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year                                 10,889             (5,581)

      Other comprehensive income/(expense) attributable to
        the non-controlling interests                                                    3,158             (1,619)

      Total comprehensive expense for the year                                         (56,320)           (13,110)

      Total comprehensive expense allocated to non-controlling interests               (16,332)            (3,802)

      Summarised consolidated statement of cash flows

                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000

      Net cash outflow from operating activities                                       (93,286)         (174,176)

      Net cash outflow from investing activities                                          (742)                (91)

      Net cash (outflow)/inflow from financing activities                              (99,635)          361,955

      Net cash (outflow)/inflow                                                       (193,663)          187,688

13. DIVIDENDS
      No dividend was proposed or paid by the Board for the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: Nil).




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   97
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2025



     14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                           Furniture,
                                            Machinery                   fixtures and
                                                  and     Leasehold            office      Motor      Construction
                                            equipment improvements        equipment      vehicles      in progress       Total
                                              HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000

           Cost
           At 1 January 2024                     854,480        424            6,470       5,922                 –     867,296
           Additions                             657,880          –            9,704         669            26,631     694,884
           Transfer from construction in
             progress                              12,209     1,610                –             –         (13,819)           –
           Disposals of subsidiaries              (38,075)     (427)            (627)      (5,454)               –      (44,583)
           Disposal                               (20,564)        –             (226)        (398)               –      (21,188)
           Exchange adjustments                   (47,110)        –             (480)          (28)           (733)     (48,351)

           At 31 December 2024                  1,418,820     1,607          14,841          711            12,079    1,448,058

           Accumulated depreciation
           At 1 January 2024                       37,330       424            1,001        4,951                –      43,706
           Charge for the year                   137,862        208            1,980          432                –     140,482
           Disposals of subsidiaries              (31,121)     (428)            (514)      (4,851)               –     (36,914)
           Eliminated on disposals                    (847)        –              (31)       (398)               –       (1,276)
           Exchange adjustments                     (4,028)       (6)             (79)          (8)              –       (4,121)

           At 31 December 2024                   139,196        198            2,357         126                 –     141,877

           Net book value
           At 31 December 2024                  1,279,624     1,409          12,484          585            12,079    1,306,181

           Cost
           At 1 January 2025                    1,418,820     1,607          14,841          711           12,079     1,448,058
           Additions                              170,422         –          16,495            –          152,683       339,600
           Transfer from construction in
             progress                             53,790           –                –           –          (53,790)           –
           Transfer from leasehold
             improvement                            1,607     (1,607)              –            –                –            –
           Disposals of subsidiaries                    –          –             (20)           –                –          (20)
           Disposal                              (126,246)         –          (9,492)           –                –     (135,738)
           Exchange adjustments                    68,228          –             897           34            3,055       72,214

           At 31 December 2025                  1,586,621          –         22,721          745          114,027     1,724,114

           Accumulated depreciation
           At 1 January 2025                     139,196        198            2,357         126                 –     141,877
           Charge for the year                   130,506          –            2,770         140                 –     133,416
           Transfer from leasehold
              improvement                             198      (198)               –            –                –            –
           Disposals of subsidiaries                    –         –              (10)           –                –          (10)
           Eliminated on disposals                (15,820)        –              (38)           –                –      (15,858)
           Exchange adjustments                     9,761         –              190           10                –        9,961

           At 31 December 2025                   263,841           –           5,269         276                 –     269,386

           Net book value
           At 31 December 2025                  1,322,780          –         17,452          469          114,027     1,454,728

           As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s certain machinery and equipment with a carrying amount of
           approximately HK$694,712,000 (2024: approximately HK$601,946,000) have been pledged to secure the
           Group’s borrowings (Note 33).

98   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



15. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
      The Group leases certain properties as office premises, machinery and equipment and leasehold land for its
      operations. Leases contracts are entered into for fixed terms from three to fifty years (2024: three to eight
      years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
      conditions.

                                                                        Machinery
                                                             Office           and       Leasehold
                                                          premises      equipment            land               Total
                                                           HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000             HK$’000


      At 31 December 2025
      Carrying amount                                         3,029        827,171          39,081            869,281


      At 31 December 2024
      Carrying amount                                           241         11,275                 –           11,516


      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      Depreciation charge                                     1,570         54,977             851             57,398


      For the year ended 31 December 2024
      Depreciation charge                                     1,442             157                –             1,599

                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000


      Finance costs (Note 6)                                                              18,075                   120

      Expense relating to short-term leases                                                4,632               20,045

      Total cash outflow for leases                                                      316,507               22,004

      Addition to right-of-use assets                                                    891,539               11,429

      The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for certain office premises, office equipment and leasehold
      land.

      The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leases assets that
      are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   99
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      16. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                             HK$’000


            FAIR VALUE
            At 1 January 2024                                                                                 222,310
            Disposal of a subsidiary                                                                         (206,296)
            Net decrease in fair value recognised in profit or loss                                            (10,044)
            Exchange adjustments                                                                                 (5,970)


            At 31 December 2024, 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025                                                 –

                                                                                              2025             2024
                                                                                            HK$’000          HK$’000


            Unrealised loss on properties revaluation included in profit or loss                   –          (10,044)

            The fair value of the Group’s investment properties located in the PRC have been arrived at on the basis
            of a valuation carried out on the respective dates by Peak Vision Appraisals Limited, independent qualified
            professional valuers not connected to the Group.




100   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



17. INTANGIBLE ASSET

                                                                                          Goodwill                 Licence                  Total
                                                                                           HK$’000                 HK$’000                HK$’000
                                                                                                                      (Note)


      At 1 January 2024                                                                           217                  2,772                  2,989
      Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 37)                                                         (217)                (2,747)                (2,964)
      Acquired assets through acquisition of a subsidiary                                           –                    530                    530
      Exchange adjustments                                                                          –                     (25)                   (25)

      As at 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                                                      –                   530                     530
      Exchange adjustments                                                                           –                     25                     25

      As at 31 December 2025                                                                         –                   555                     555

      Note: The licence represents a second class main contractor in general construction works licence (建築工程施工總承包貳級) in the PRC.

             The licence is considered by the management of the Group as having an indefinite useful life as it is expected to generate economic
             benefit to the Group indefinitely. The licence will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite.

             As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of the licence is approximately HK$555,000. During the year ended 31 December 2025,
             the management performed impairment review for the licence. The recoverable amount of the licence has been determined by a value-
             in-use calculation based on the cash flow forecast derived from the most recent financial budgets and estimated future cash flows
             covering a 5-year period as approved by management. The CGU’s cash flows are extrapolated using a steady 2% growth rate. This
             growth rate is based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant
             industry. All cash flows are using a pre-tax discount rate of 18.36%, that reflect the risks specific to the licence. No impairment loss
             was recognised for year as the recoverable amount to the licence exceeded its carrying amount.

             In November 2024, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party regarding the acquisition
             of a subsidiary at the consideration of RMB500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$530,000). As at 31 December 2024, the carrying
             amount of the licence is approximately HK$530,000. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the management performed
             impairment review for the licence. The recoverable amount of the licence has been determined by a value-in-use calculation based
             on the cash flow forecast derived from the most recent financial budgets and estimated future cash flows covering a 5-year period as
             approved by management. The CGU’s cash flows are extrapolated using a steady 2% growth rate. This growth rate is based on the
             relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. All cash flows are
             using a pre-tax discount rate of 18.91% , that reflect the risks specific to the licence. No impairment loss was recognised for year as the
             recoverable amount to the licence exceeded its carrying amount.


18. DEPOSIT AND PREPAYMENT FOR LIFE INSURANCE POLICY
      The Group entered into a life Insurance policy with an insurance company to insure Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin in
      2017. Under the policy, Wise Trend Engineering is the beneficiary and policy holder and the total insured sum is
      US$1,080,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$8,424,000). Wise Trend Engineering is required to pay upfront
      deposits of approximately US$388,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,026,000). Wise Trend Engineering
      can terminate the policy at any time and receive cash back based on the cash value of the policy at the date
      of withdrawal, which is determined by the upfront payments of approximately US$388,000 (equivalent to
      approximately HK$3,026,000) plus accumulated interest earned and minus the accumulated insurance charge
      and policy expense charge. In addition, if withdrawal is made at any time during the first to the eighteenth
      policy year, as appropriate, a pre-determined specified amount of surrender charge would be imposed. The
      insurance company will pay Wise Trend Engineering a guaranteed interest of 3.55% per annum for the first
      year, followed by guaranteed interest of 2% per annum or above per annum for the following years.

      Included in sundries income for the year ended 31 December 2024 was amount of approximately HK$53,000 in
      respect of income on deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy.

      In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the surrender cash value (including guaranteed interest)
      reported by the financial institution on a regular basis is the best approximation of its fair value, which is
      categorised within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.


                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025       101
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      19. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                                         2025           2024
                                                                                                                       HK$’000        HK$’000


            Equity securities listed in Hong Kong                                                                        5,586               –
            Equity securities listed in the United States                                                                    –               3


                                                                                                                         5,586               3

            The fair value of the listed securities are determined based on quoted market bid price available on the relevant
            stock exchange.

            Details of disclosure for fair value measurement are set out in Note 3.3.

      20. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE

                                                                                                                                        2025
                                                                                                                                      HK$’000


            Cost of investment in an associate, unlisted (Note)                                                                              –
            Share of post-acquisition profit and other comprehensive income                                                                 80
            Exchange adjustment                                                                                                              2


                                                                                                                                            82

            Detail of the Group’s associate as at 31 December 2025 is as follows:

                                                                                                               Particulars of
                                                                                                                      issued
                                                       Place of                                               shares capital/
                                                       incorporation/                                             registered     Percentage of
            Name                                       operation               Principal activity                     capital     interest held


            中環雲鑫供應鏈管理（四川）                 PRC                                  Smart energy                     Registered                30%
              有限公司                                                              management                          capital
            Zhonghuan Yunxin Supply Chain                                                                    RMB20,000,000
              Management (Sichuan)
              Co., Ltd*

            Note: The paid up capital of the associate to be injected will be RMB10,000 in which 30% is held by 中環鴻欣控股(深圳)有限公司, an indirectly
                   wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The amount of RMB3,000, representing the capital of the associate to be injected by 中環
                   鴻欣控股(深圳)有限公司, is thus shown as capital commitment of the Group as at 31 December 2025. During the year ended 2025, no
                   capital of the associate has been injected by 中環鴻欣控股(深圳)有限公司. The remaining capital commitment is therefore RMB3,000 as
                   at 31 December 2025.


            *      English translation of the name of a Chinese company is provided for identification purpose only.




102   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



20. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE (Continued)
      Summarised financial information of an associate
      Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s associate is set out below. The summarised
      financial information below represents amounts shown in the associate’s financial statements prepared in
      accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards.

      The associate is accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.

                                                                                                             2025
                                                                                                           HK$’000


      Current assets                                                                                          5,892


      Non-current assets                                                                                           –


      Current liabilities                                                                                    (5,617)


      Non-current liabilities                                                                                      –


      Revenue                                                                                               12,814


      Profit for the year                                                                                       268


      Other comprehensive income                                                                                   7


      Total comprehensive income                                                                                275

      Reconciliation of the above summarised financial information to the carrying amount of the investment in an
      associate recognised in the consolidated financial statements:

                                                                                                             2025
                                                                                                           HK$’000


      Net asset of an associate                                                                                 275
      Proportion of the Group’s ownership investment in an associate                                           30%
      Carrying amount of the interest in an associate




      Carrying amount of the investment in an associate                                                          82




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   103
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000


            Financial assets
            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                5,586                 3
            Derivative financial asset at fair value through profit and loss                       188                 –


            Total                                                                                5,774                 3


            Financial assets at amortised cost
            Trade, bills and other receivables excluding prepayments and
              deposits paid for acquisition of non-current assets                             2,273,045       1,433,252
            Pledged bank deposits                                                               816,431         824,863
            Cash and bank balances                                                              324,216         265,887


            Total                                                                             3,413,692       2,524,002


            Financial liabilities
            Derivative financial liabilities at fair value through profit and loss               1,964                 –


            Total                                                                                1,964                 –


            Financial liabilities at amortised cost
            Trade and other payables                                                          1,685,958         872,798
            Borrowings                                                                        1,928,464       1,980,304
            Lease liabilities                                                                   617,925          11,589


            Total                                                                             4,232,347       2,864,691


      22. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL ASSETS/(LIABILITIES) AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT
          OR LOSS

                                                                                                 2025             2024
                                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000


            Derivative financial assets at fair value through profit or loss not under
              hedge accounting interest rate swaps                                                 188                 –
            Derivative financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss not under
              hedge accounting interest rate swaps                                               (1,964)               –

            The fair value of the above derivative financial instruments is calculated using discounted cash flow analysis
            based on the applicable interest rates.




104   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



23. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                 2025               2024
                                               HK$’000            HK$’000


      Trade receivables                       1,837,060           959,165
      Less: Provision for impairment losses      (2,400)           (2,292)


                                              1,834,660           956,873


      Bills receivables (note d)               255,417            101,897
      Less: Provision for impairment losses       (832)              (794)


                                               254,585            101,103


      Sub-total                               2,089,245         1,057,976


      Other receivables (notes (e) and (f))    140,689            328,742
      Deposits                                  52,403             46,646
      Less: Provision for impairment losses       (117)              (112)


                                               192,975            375,276


      Prepayments                              767,591            427,388


      Total                                   3,049,811         1,860,640


      Analysed as:
        Non-current                             187,266           117,333
        Current                               2,862,545         1,743,307


                                              3,049,811         1,860,640




                                                           Annual Report 2025   105
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      23. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
            Notes:


            (a)      The credit terms granted to customers are varied and are generally the result of negotiations between individual customers and the
                     Group. The credit period granted to customers is generally 7 to 270 days (2024: 7 to 270 days).


            (b)      The ageing analysis of the trade receivables, before netting off provision for impairment losses, (excluding bills receivables) based on
                     invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                                                                            HK$’000                HK$’000


                     0–30 days                                                                                            1,824,655                767,746
                     31–60 days                                                                                                3,547                52,315
                     61–90 days                                                                                                2,904               100,496
                     Over 90 days                                                                                              5,954                38,608


                                                                                                                          1,837,060                959,165


            (c)      As at 31 December 2025, trade receivables of approximately HK$16,433,000 (2024: approximately HK$81,142,000) were past due. Out
                     of the past due balances, approximately HK$5,954,000 (2024: approximately HK$14,771,000) has been past due 90 days or more and is
                     not considered as in default. Based on past experience and forward-looking estimates, the amounts are considered as recoverable.


            (d)      Bills receivables are received from customers under ordinary course of business. All of the bills receivables are bank acceptance notes
                     with a maturity period within six months.


            (e)      As at 31 December 2024, included in other receivables is a promissory note as consideration received secured by share charge
                     over the entire share capital of Central Property Group Ltd, interest bearing at 8% per annum and repayable at a principal sum of
                     HK$115,000,000 on or before 31 August 2025.


            (f)      As at 31 December 2024, included in other receivables is a promissory note as consideration received secured by share charge over the
                     entire share capital of Steer Vision Limited, interest bearing at 8% per annum and repayable at a principal sum of HK$25,000,000 on or
                     before 31 August 2025.


            (g)      The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.


            (h)      Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables, bills receivables, other receivables and deposits for the years ended 31
                     December 2025 and 2024 are set out in Note 3.1.




106   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



24. INVENTORIES
      Inventories in the consolidated statements of financial position comprise:

                                                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                                                             HK$’000              HK$’000


      Raw materials                                                                                           54,376                39,901
      Working in process                                                                                          35                14,682
      Finished goods                                                                                         124,650               102,562


                                                                                                             179,061               157,145


25. CASH AND BANK BALANCES/PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS

                                                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                                                             HK$’000              HK$’000


      Cash at banks                                                                                          324,216               265,887
      Cash on hand                                                                                                 –*                    –


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                              324,216               265,887

      Notes:


      (a)      As at 31 December 2025, pledged bank deposits held at banks of approximately HK$816,431,000 (2024: approximately
               HK$824,863,000) were denominated in RMB, which were reserves provided for bills payables.


      (b)      As at 31 December 2025, included in cash and cash equivalents of the Group was approximately HK$177,779,000 (2024: approximately
               HK$263,658,000) of bank balances denominated in RMB placed with banks in the PRC, which are not freely convertible into other
               currencies.


      (c)      Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.


      *        Less than HK$1,000




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     107
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      26. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                               Number of              Share
                                                                                                  shares             capital
                                                                                                    ’000            HK$’000


            Ordinary shares of HK$0.000625 (2024: HK$0.000625) each

            Authorised:
            At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024, 1 January 2025 and
              31 December 2025                                                                 80,000,000             50,000


            Issued and fully paid:
            At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024, 1 January 2025 and
              31 December 2025                                                                  4,224,000              2,640


      27. SHARE OPTION SCHEME
            The Company’s share option scheme (the “Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on 13
            March 2018 as to attract and retain the best available personnel and to provide additional incentive to the
            eligible participants under the Scheme.

            Under the Scheme, the directors of the Company may at their absolute discretion and subject to the terms
            of the Scheme, grant options to any employees (full-time or part-time), directors, consultants or advisors,
            substantial shareholder, distributors, contractors, suppliers, agents, customers, business partners or service
            providers of the Group, to subscribe for shares of the Company. The eligibility of any participants to the grant of
            any options shall be determined by the directors from time to time on the basis of the directors’ opinion as to
            their contribution to the development and growth of the Group.

            The aggregate number of the Company’s shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
            granted and yet to be exercised under the Scheme and any other share options schemes of the Company
            must not exceed 30% of the Company’s shares in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under
            the Scheme or any other share options schemes of the Company if this will result in the limit being exceeded.
            The maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Scheme and
            any other share option schemes of the Company as from the adoption date must not in aggregate exceed
            10% of all the shares in issue upon the date on which the shares are listed and permitted to be dealt in the
            Stock Exchange. The 10% limit may be refreshed at any time by approval of the Company’s shareholders in
            general meeting provided that the total number of the Company’s shares which may be issued upon exercise
            of all options to be granted under the Scheme and any other share options schemes of the Company must not
            exceed 10% of the Company’s shares in issue as at the date of approval of the refreshed limit.




108   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



27. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
      The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each participant
      (including both exercised and outstanding options) under the Scheme or any other share option schemes of
      the Company in any 12-month period up to date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the shares of the Company in
      issue. Where any further grant of options to a participant under the Scheme would result in the shares issued
      and to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such participant (including exercised,
      cancelled and outstanding options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant
      representing in aggregate over 1% of the shares in issue, such further grant must be separately approved by
      shareholders of the Company in general meeting with such participant and his/her close associates abstaining
      from voting.

      Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of
      their respective associates must be approval by the independent non-executive directors of the Company
      (excluding any independent non-executive director who is the grantee). Where any share options granted to a
      substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or any of their respective
      close associates would result in the total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options
      already granted and to be granted (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) under the Scheme
      and any other share option schemes of the Company to such person in any 12-month period up to and including
      the date of such grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue and having
      an aggregate value in excess of HK$5 million must be approved by the Company’s shareholders at the general
      meeting of the Company, with voting to be taken by way of poll.

      The offer of a grant of share options might be accepted in writing within 7 days from the date of the offer.
      An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Scheme at any time during a period as the
      directors may determine which shall not exceed ten years from the date of grant subject to the provisions of
      early termination thereof. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable on acceptance of the grant of an option
      with a remittance in favour of the Company within such time as may be specified in the offer (which shall not
      be later than 7 days from the date of the offer).

      The subscription price shall be a price solely determined by the board of directors of the Company and notified
      to a participant and shall be at least the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares as stated in
      the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the offer date; (ii) the average closing prices of the Company’s
      shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the 5 business days immediately
      preceding the date; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company’s share on the offer date.

      The Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing on 13 March 2018, subject to
      early termination provisions contained in the Scheme.

      No share options were granted since the adoption of the Scheme and there were no share option outstanding
      as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   109
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      28. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                  2025            2024
                                                                                                HK$’000         HK$’000


            Contract liabilities                                                                444,287          50,605

            As at 1 January 2024, contract liabilities amount to approximately HK$65,269,000.

            Included in contract liabilities as at 31 December 2025 were in relation to the types of service or goods
            as the followings: (i) amounted to nil (2024: approximately HK$397,000) for installation of smart energy
            equipments services; (ii) amounted to approximately HK$293,179,000 (2024: approximately HK$50,208,000) for
            manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC; and (iii) amounted to HK$151,108,000 (2024: nil) for
            sales of healthcare products and healthy food.

            Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities
            The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to carried-forward
            contract liabilities:

                                                                                                  2025            2024
                                                                                                HK$’000         HK$’000


            Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities
              balance at the beginning of the year                                               50,605          65,269




110   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



29. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000


      Lease liabilities payable:

      Within one year                                                                  185,638              1,192
      Within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years                307,359              1,248
      Within a period of more than two years but not exceeding five years               52,903              4,170
      More than five years                                                              72,025              4,979


                                                                                       617,925            11,589
      Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
        current liabilities                                                           (185,638)            (1,192)


      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
       non-current liabilities                                                         432,287            10,397

      The weighted average incremental borrowing rate applied to lease liabilities range from 2.3% to 6.1% (2024:
      5.5%).

30. LIABILITIES FOR LONG SERVICE PAYMENTS
      Under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance, the Group is obligated to make lump sum payments on
      cessation of employment in certain circumstances to certain employees who have completed at least five
      years of service with the Group. The amount payable is dependent on the employees’ final salary and years
      of service and is reduced by entitlements accrued under the Group’s retirement plan that are attributable to
      contributions made by the Group. The Group does not set aside any assets to fund any remaining obligations.
      The long service payments are paid out from the Group’s cash at banks when such payments are required.

                                                                                                           Total
                                                                                                         HK$’000


      At 1 January 2024                                                                                     1,104
      Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                             (1,104)


      At 31 December 2024, 1 January 2025 and 31 December 2025                                                   –




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   111
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      31. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/LIABILITIES
            For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
            and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
            purposes:

                                                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000


            Deferred tax assets                                                                                      –                 –
            Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                 –                 –


                                                                                                                     –                 –

            The components of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statements of financial
            position and the movements during the years are as follows:

                                                                Accelerated           Land
                                                                        tax    appreciation    Right-of-use          Lease
                                              ECL provision    depreciation             tax          assets      liabilities        Total
                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


            At 1 January 2024                           765          (1,087)         (6,863)          (277)              309       (7,153)
            Disposal of subsidiaries                   (765)          1,087           6,676              –                 –        6,998
            Credited/(charged) to profit or
               loss (Note 10)                             –               –              –             277               (309)        (32)
            Exchange realignment                          –               –            187               –                  –        187


            At 31 December 2024 and
              1 January 2025                              –               –               –              –                  –           –
            Credited/(charged) to profit or
              loss (Note 10)                              –               –               –            499            (499)             –


            At 31 December 2025                           –               –               –            499            (499)             –

            Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned
            by the PRC subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the
            consolidated financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to profits earned by the
            PRC subsidiaries amounting to approximately HK$255,675,000 as at 31 December 2025 (2024: approximately
            HK$505,215,000) as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it
            is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

            At the end of the reporting period, the Group has estimated unused tax losses of approximately
            HK$147,884,000 (2024: approximately HK$116,998,000) available for offsetting against future profits. No
            deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of these estimated unused tax losses due to unpredictability
            of future profit streams. The losses may be carried forward indefinitely.




112   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



32. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                    2025                  2024
                                                                                                                  HK$’000               HK$’000


      Trade payables                                                                                            1,538,605                799,335
      Accruals and other payables                                                                                 147,353                 73,463


                                                                                                                1,685,958                872,798

      Notes:


      (a)      Payment terms granted by suppliers are generally 7 to 365 days (2024: 7 to 270 days) from the invoice date of the relevant purchases.


      (b)      The ageing analysis of trade payables based on the invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                                                        2025                   2024
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000


               0–30 days                                                                                             648,552               609,431
               31–60 days                                                                                            386,591               115,741
               61–90 days                                                                                            259,765                 24,019
               Over 90 days                                                                                          243,697                 50,144


                                                                                                                   1,538,605               799,335


33. BORROWINGS

                                                                                                                    2025                  2024
                                                                                                                  HK$’000               HK$’000


      Bank borrowings — secured                                                                                   788,019                863,023
      Bank borrowings — unsecured                                                                                   3,330                      –
      Other borrowings — unsecured                                                                                      –                180,200
      Bills payables with full recourse                                                                         1,137,115                937,081


                                                                                                                1,928,464              1,980,304




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025     113
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      33. BORROWINGS (Continued)

                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000


            The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable:

            Within one year                                                                  1,702,043           1,668,775
            Within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years                   50,485              96,360
            Within a period of more than two years but not exceeding five years                105,858             130,369
            More than five years                                                                70,078              84,800


                                                                                             1,928,464           1,980,304
            Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
              current liabilities                                                            (1,702,043)         (1,668,775)


            Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
             non-current liabilities                                                           226,421             311,529

            The variable-rate bank borrowings of approximately HK$295,663,000 (2024: approximately HK$789,390,000)
            bear interest ranged from one year Loan Prime Rate (“LPR”) plus 0.08% to 1.55% per annum and five years
            LPR plus 1.15% per annum issued by The People’s Bank of China (2024: from one year LPR plus 0.15% to
            1.70% per annum and five years LPR plus 0.90% to 1.15% per annum issued by The People’s Bank of China
            and at HIBOR plus 0.55%).

            The effective interest rates of the fixed-rate bank borrowings of approximately HK$495,686,000 (2024:
            approximately HK$73,633,000) bear interest at 3.0% per annum and ranged from one year LPR plus 0.2% to
            one year LPR minus 1.62% per annum issued by The People’s Bank of China (2024: 3.05% per annum and
            ranged from one year LPR plus 1.75% to one year LPR minus 0.25% per annum issued by The People’s Bank
            of China).

            As at 31 December 2025, certain banking facilities of the Group were secured by corporate guarantees
            issued by the Company and personal guarantee provided by Mr. Yu Zhuyun, an executive director and the
            controlling shareholder of the Company. As at 31 December 2025, certain assets included in the property, plant
            and equipment of the Group with carrying amount of approximately HK$694,712,000 (2024: approximately
            HK$601,946,000) were pledged as security for certain of the Group’s bank borrowings.

            The other borrowings amounting approximately HK$180,200,000 are unsecured and non-interest bearing in
            2024.

            The Group has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowings during the reporting period.

            Borrowings that are denominated in currency other than the functional currency of the relevant group entities
            are set out below:

                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000


            HK$                                                                                      –             250,931
            JPY                                                                                414,189                   –




114   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



34. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      a.     Reconciliation of profit before income tax to net cash generated from/(used in)
             operations

                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                    HK$’000             HK$’000


             Profit before income tax                                                 82,292             56,283
             Adjustments for:
             Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                           133,416            140,482
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                      57,398              1,599
             Share of profit of an associate                                             (80)                 –
             Interest income                                                         (17,979)            (9,864)
             Reversal of impairment losses on trade receivables                            –             (3,704)
             Loss on fair value changes of investment properties                           –             10,044
             (Gain)/loss on fair value changes of financial assets at fair value
               through profit or loss                                                   (319)                   5
             Net loss on fair value changes of derivative financial instruments
               at fair value through profit or loss                                    1,728                   –
             Net gains on disposal of subsidiaries                                   (19,871)            (52,901)
             Net gains on deregistration of subsidiaries                                   –                (148)
             Net (gain)/losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment          (22,048)                908
             Finance costs                                                            66,564              51,385


             Operating profit before working capital changes                         281,101            194,089

             Increase in trade and other receivables                               (1,214,167)         (280,828)
             Decrease/(increase) in pledged bank deposits                               8,204          (446,732)
             (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                       (22,115)           46,290
             Increase in contract liabilities                                         383,458             4,502
             Increase in trade and other payables                                     865,628           115,512


             Net cash generated from/(used in) operations                            302,109           (367,167)




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   115
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      34. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)
            b.     Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

                                                               Amounts
                                                          due to related                                Lease
                                                             companies         Borrowings           liabilities           Total
                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000           HK$’000


                   As at 1 January 2024                                  –        1,121,305              1,876        1,123,181
                   Finance costs                                         –            51,265               120           51,385
                   Financing cash flow                            213,300           943,126             (1,959)       1,154,467
                   New leases entered                                    –                 –           11,428            11,428
                   Disposal of subsidiaries                        (31,680)          (94,520)                –         (126,200)
                   Deemed contribution from a
                     shareholder from extinguished
                     loan                                        (176,195)                 –                 –          (176,195)
                   Exchange adjustments                             (5,425)          (40,872)              124            (46,173)


                   As at 31 December 2024 and
                     1 January 2025                                      –        1,980,304            11,589         1,991,893
                   Finance costs                                        –            48,489            18,075            66,564
                   Financing cash flow                            301,184           (98,928)         (311,875)         (109,619)
                   New leases entered                                   –                 –           891,539           891,539
                   Disposal of subsidiaries                        (9,419)                –                 –            (9,419)
                   Deemed contribution from a
                     shareholder from extinguished
                     loan                                        (300,131)                 –                 –         (300,131)
                   Exchange adjustments                             8,366             (1,401)            8,597           15,562


                   As at 31 December 2025                                –        1,928,464           617,925         2,546,389


      35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control, jointly control or exert significant influence over
            the other party in making financial or operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
            subject to common control or joint control. Related parties may be individuals or other entities.

            Save as disclosed in Notes 33 to this report, the Group had the following significant related party transactions
            during the years are as follows:

            i.     The emoluments of the directors and senior executives (representing the key management personnel)
                   during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are disclosed in Note 9.


      36. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
            The Group, in the ordinary course of its business, is involved in various claims, suits, investigations, and legal
            proceedings that arise from time to time. Although the Group does not expect that the outcome in any of
            these legal proceedings, individually or collectively, will have a material adverse effect on its financial position
            or results of operations, litigation is inherently unpredictable. Therefore, the Group could incur judgements or
            enter into settlements of claims that could adversely affect its operating results or cash flows in a particular
            period.




116   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



37. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      i.     Disposal of Central Ke Chuang Investment Group (HK) Limited and its subsidiaries
             In June 2025, the Group disposed of its entire equity interests of Central Ke Chuang Investment Group (HK)
             Limited and its subsidiary (collectively named “Central Ke Chuang”), indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries
             of the Company, for HK$7,990,000 consideration to a third party. The aggregated net liabilities of Central
             Ke Chuang as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

             Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                             HK$’000


             Current assets
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                  3
             Trade and other receivables                                                                        1,166
             Cash and bank balances                                                                             1,029

             Current liability
             Trade and other payables                                                                          (7,618)


             Net liabilities disposal of                                                                       (5,420)

             Gain on disposal of Central Ke Chuang

                                                                                                             HK$’000


             Consideration received and receivable                                                              7,990
             Net liabilities disposed of                                                                        5,420
             Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
               Central Ke Chuang to profit or loss                                                                 81


             Gain on disposal                                                                                 13,491

             Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Central Ke
             Chuang

                                                                                                             HK$’000


             Consideration received in cash                                                                         –
             Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                          (1,029)


             Net cash outflow                                                                                  (1,029)




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   117
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      37. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
            For the year ended 31 December 2025 (Continued)
            ii.    Disposal of Central Logistic Group Limited and its subsidiaries
                   In November 2025, the Group disposed of its entire equity interests of Central Logistic Group Limited
                   and its subsidiary (collectively named “Central Logistic Group”), indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of
                   the Company, for HK$5,000,000 consideration to a third party. The aggregated net liabilities of Central
                   Logistic Group as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

                   Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                                HK$’000


                   Non-current assets
                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                      10

                   Current assets
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                   73,335
                   Tax recoverable                                                                                  140
                   Inventories                                                                                      791
                   Cash and bank balances                                                                           875

                   Current liabilities
                   Contract liabilities                                                                              (416)
                   Trade and other payables                                                                      (66,827)
                   Amount due to related companies                                                                 (9,419)


                   Net liabilities disposal of                                                                    (1,511)

                   Gain on disposal of Central Logistic Group

                                                                                                                HK$’000


                   Consideration received and receivable                                                           5,000
                   Net liabilities disposed of                                                                     1,511
                   Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
                     Central Logistic Group to profit or loss                                                       (131)


                   Gain on disposal                                                                                6,380

                   Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Central Logistic
                   Group

                                                                                                                HK$’000


                   Consideration received in cash                                                                      –
                   Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                         (875)


                   Net cash outflow                                                                                 (875)




118   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



37. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2024
      iii.   Disposal of Central Services Group (HK) Co., Limited and its subsidiaries
             In June 2024, the Group disposed of its entire equity interests of Central Services Group (HK) Co., Limited
             and its subsidiary (collectively named “Central Services Group”), indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of
             the Company, for nil consideration to a third party. The aggregated net liabilities of Central Services Group
             as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

             Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                               HK$’000


             Non-current assets
             Property, plant and equipment                                                                           39

             Current assets
             Trade and other receivables                                                                          7,522
             Cash and bank balances                                                                               1,281

             Current liabilities
             Trade and other payables                                                                           (31,096)
             Tax payables                                                                                          (109)
             Borrowings                                                                                          (2,140)

             Non-current liability
             Borrowings                                                                                           (5,350)


             Net liabilities disposal of                                                                        (29,853)

             Gain on disposal of Central Services Group

                                                                                                               HK$’000


             Cash consideration received                                                                              –
             Net liabilities disposed of                                                                         29,853
             Goodwill                                                                                              (217)
             Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
               Central Services Group to profit or loss                                                            (450)


             Gain on disposal                                                                                    29,186

             Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Central Services
             Group

                                                                                                               HK$’000


             Consideration received in cash                                                                            –
             Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                             (1,281)


             Net cash outflow                                                                                     (1,281)



                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   119
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      37. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
            For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Continued)
            iv.    Disposal of Steer Vision Limited and its subsidiary
                   In August 2024, the Group disposed of the entire equity interests of Steer Vision Limited and its
                   subsidiary (collectively named “Steer Vision Group”), direct wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company,
                   for consideration of HK$25,000,000 to a third party. The aggregated net assets of the Steer Vision Group
                   as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

                   Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                                                        HK$’000


                   Non-Current assets
                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                                            7,551
                   Deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy                                                                         3,415

                   Current assets
                   Contract assets                                                                                                        47,927
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                                            16,218
                   Tax recoverable                                                                                                           548
                   Cash and bank balances                                                                                                    555

                   Current liabilities
                   Trade and other payables                                                                                                (7,657)
                   Borrowings                                                                                                             (58,000)

                   Non-current liabilities
                   Liabilities for long service payments                                                                                   (1,104)
                   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                  (322)

                   Net assets disposal of                                                                                                   9,131

                   Gain on disposal of Steer Vision Group

                                                                                                                                        HK$’000


                   Consideration received in promissory note (Note)                                                                       25,000
                   Net assets disposed of                                                                                                  (9,131)

                   Gain on disposal                                                                                                       15,869

                   Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Steer Vision
                   Group

                                                                                                                                        HK$’000


                   Consideration received in cash                                                                                               –
                   Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                                                  (555)

                   Net cash outflow                                                                                                          (555)

                   Note: The promissory note with principal sum amounted HK$25,000,000 will be settled fully in cash by the purchaser on or before 31
                         August 2025.

120   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



37. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Continued)
      v.     Disposal of 安徽中之環建築工程有限公司 Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction Engineering
             Co., Ltd* (“Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction”)
             In October 2024, the Group disposed of its entire equity interests of Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction,
             an indirect wholly- owned subsidiary of the Company, for nil consideration to a third party. The aggregated
             net assets of Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

             Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                              HK$’000


             Non-current assets
             Intangible assets                                                                                   2,747

             Current assets
             Contract assets                                                                                   64,315
             Trade and other receivables                                                                       59,373
             Tax recoverable                                                                                      111
             Cash and bank balances                                                                                24

             Current liabilities
             Contract liabilities                                                                              (17,154)
             Trade and other payables                                                                          (74,849)
             Dividend payables                                                                                 (24,852)
             Borrowings                                                                                         (7,630)


             Net assets disposal of                                                                              2,085

             Loss on disposal of Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction

                                                                                                              HK$’000


             Cash consideration received                                                                             –
             Net assets disposed of                                                                             (2,085)
             Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
               Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction to profit or loss                                                   119


             Loss on disposal                                                                                   (1,966)




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   121
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      37. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
            For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Continued)
            v.     Disposal of 安徽中之環建築工程有限公司 Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction Engineering
                   Co., Ltd* (“Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction”) (Continued)
                   Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Anhui
                   Zhongzhihuan Construction

                                                                                                                  HK$’000


                   Consideration received in cash                                                                        –
                   Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                            (24)


                   Net cash outflow                                                                                    (24)


            vi.    Disposal of Central Property Group Ltd and its subsidiary
                   In November 2024, the Group disposed of the entire equity interests of Central Property Group Limited
                   and its subsidiary (collectively named “Central Property Group”), direct wholly-owned subsidiaries of the
                   Company, for consideration of HK$115,000,000 to a third party. The aggregated net assets of the Central
                   Property Group as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

                   Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                                  HK$’000


                   Non-current assets                                                                                   –
                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                       79
                   Investment properties                                                                          206,296

                   Current assets
                   Properties available for sale                                                                   23,115
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                     13,949
                   Cash and bank balances                                                                              68

                   Current liabilities
                   Trade and other payables                                                                        (44,335)
                   Dividend payable                                                                                (44,969)
                   Amounts due to related companies                                                                (31,680)
                   Borrowings                                                                                      (21,400)

                   Non-current liability
                   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                         (6,676)


                   Net assets disposal of                                                                          94,447




122   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



37. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Continued)
      vi.    Disposal of Central Property Group Ltd and its subsidiary (Continued)
             Gain on disposal of Central Property Group

                                                                                                                                   HK$’000


             Consideration received in promissory note (Note)                                                                       115,000
             Net assets disposed of                                                                                                  (94,447)
             Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
               Central Property Group to profit or loss                                                                             (11,225)


             Gain on disposal                                                                                                          9,328

             Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Central Property
             Group

                                                                                                                                   HK$’000


             Consideration received in cash                                                                                                 –
             Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                                                     (68)


             Net cash outflow                                                                                                             (68)

             Note: The promissory note with principal sum amounted HK$115,000,000 will be settled fully in cash by the purchaser on or before 31
                    August 2025.


      vii. Disposal of 中環鑫信匯（衢州）貿易有限公司 Zhonghuan Xinxinhui (Quzhou) Trading Co.,
           Ltd* (“Xinxinhui”)
             In December 2024, the Group disposed its entire equity interests of Xinxinhui, an indirect wholly-
             owned subsidiary of the Company, for consideration of approximately RMB20,000,000 (equivalent to
             approximately HK$21,800,000) to a third party. The aggregated net assets of Xinxinhui as at the date of
             disposal are set out as follows:

             Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                                                   HK$’000


             Current assets
             Trade and other receivables                                                                                             42,505
             Cash and bank balances                                                                                                     495

             Current liabilities
             Trade and other payables                                                                                               (21,535)
             Dividend payable                                                                                                         (2,478)


             Net assets disposal of                                                                                                  18,987




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      123
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      37. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
            For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Continued)
            vii. Disposal of 中環鑫信匯（衢州）貿易有限公司 Zhonghuan Xinxinhui (Quzhou) Trading Co.,
                 Ltd* (“Xinxinhui”) (Continued)
                   Gain on disposal of Xinxinhui

                                                                                                                 HK$’000


                   Cash consideration received                                                                     21,800
                   Net assets disposed of                                                                         (18,987)
                   Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
                     Xinxinhui to profit or loss                                                                   (2,333)


                   Gain on disposal                                                                                  480

                   Analysis of net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Xinxinhui

                                                                                                                 HK$’000


                   Consideration received in cash                                                                 21,800
                   Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                         (495)


                   Net cash inflow                                                                                21,305


            viii. Disposal of 上海中環雲彩萬物供應鏈有限公司 Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai Wanwu Supply
                  Chain Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai”)
                   In November 2024, the Group disposed its entire equity interests of Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai, an
                   indirect wholly- owned subsidiary of the Company, for nil consideration to a third party. The aggregated
                   net liabilities of Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

                   Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                                 HK$’000


                   Current assets
                   Cash and bank balances                                                                              29

                   Current liabilities
                   Other payables                                                                                     (33)


                   Net liabilities disposal of                                                                         (4)




124   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



37. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Continued)
      viii. Disposal of 上海中環雲彩萬物供應鏈有限公司 Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai Wanwu Supply
            Chain Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai”) (Continued)
             Gain on disposal of Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai

                                                                                                                                  HK$’000


             Cash consideration received                                                                                                  –
             Net liabilities disposed of                                                                                                  4
             Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
               Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai to profit or loss                                                                                – **


             Gain on disposal                                                                                                             4

             Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Shanghai
             Zhonghuan Yuncai

                                                                                                                                  HK$’000


             Consideration received in cash                                                                                               –
             Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                                                   (29)


             Net cash outflow                                                                                                           (29)

             *     English translation of the name of a Chinese company is provided for identification purpose only.


             **    Less than HK$1,000.


38. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000


      Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of property,
        plant and equipment and right-of-use assets contracted for
        but not provided in the consolidated financial statements                                                222,623          842,687

      Contracted but not provided for formation of an associate                                                        3                  –


                                                                                                                 222,626          842,687




                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025    125
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2025



      39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
          COMPANY
            (a)    Statement of financial position

                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                             HK$’000          HK$’000

                   ASSETS
                   Non-current assets
                   Investment in subsidiaries                                                     840              850
                   Right-of-use assets                                                          3,029                –

                                                                                                3,869              850

                   Current assets
                   Other receivables                                                               66         140,075
                   Amounts due from subsidiaries                                            2,198,245         434,863
                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                   95,353           1,092

                                                                                            2,293,664         576,030

                   Total assets                                                             2,297,533         576,880

                   EQUITY
                   Capital and reserves
                   Share capital                                                               2,640            2,640
                   Reserves                                                                  873,670          571,475

                   Total equity                                                              876,310          574,115

                   LIABILITIES
                   Non-current liability
                   Lease liabilities                                                            1,742                –

                   Current liabilities
                   Other payables                                                               2,506            2,037
                   Amounts due to subsidiaries                                              1,415,462              728
                   Lease liabilities                                                            1,513                –

                                                                                            1,419,481            2,765

                   Total liabilities                                                        1,421,223            2,765

                   Total equity and liabilities                                             2,297,533         576,880

                   Net current assets                                                        874,183          573,265

                   Total assets less current liabilities                                     878,052          574,115

                   The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 31 March
                   2026 and signed on its behalf by:

                                        Mr. Yu Zhuyun                                  Mr. Li Menglin
                                            Director                                      Director



126   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2025



39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
    COMPANY (Continued)
      (b) Reserve movement

                                                                            (Accumulated
                                                                                  losses)/
                                                        Share   Contributed      retained
                                                     premium        surplus      earnings              Total
                                                      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000             HK$’000


             Balance at 1 January 2024                 88,276       293,709        (65,848)          316,137

             Profit and total comprehensive income
               for the year                                 –             –        79,143             79,143
             Deemed contribution from a
               shareholder from extinguished loans          –       176,195              –           176,195


             Balance at 31 December 2024 and
               1 January 2025                          88,276       469,904        13,295            571,475

             Profit and total comprehensive income
               for the year                                 –             –         2,431               2,431
             Deemed contribution from a
               shareholder from extinguished loans          –       299,764              –           299,764


             Balance at 31 December 2025               88,276       769,668        15,726            873,670




                                                                                              Annual Report 2025   127
      Financial Summary


      The financial summary of the Group for the current year and last five financial years/period is set as follows:

      RESULTS
                                                                                                                                             For the
                                                                         For the         For the          For the           For the     nine months
                                                                     year ended      year ended       year ended        year ended            ended
                                                                   31 December     31 December      31 December       31 December       31 December
                                                                           2025            2024             2023              2022             2021
                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000

      Revenue                                                        11,016,846        6,032,026        4,028,299         1,613,641        1,086,236
      Direct costs                                                  (10,806,353)      (5,904,261)      (3,855,486)       (1,582,543)      (1,034,470)

      Gross profit                                                      210,493         127,765          172,813            31,098            51,766

      Other income and net gains                                        122,845         182,699            18,811            37,866           41,413
      (Loss)/gain on fair value changes of investment properties              –          (10,044)            5,185            (7,308)         45,254
      Share of profit of an associate                                        80                –                 –                 –                –
      Gain on disposal of investment properties                               –                –             1,637                 –                –
      Selling expenses                                                  (20,097)         (19,992)           (9,448)           (3,604)          (8,257)
      Administrative and other operating expenses                      (164,465)       (172,760)          (80,955)          (83,542)         (47,224)
      Finance costs                                                     (66,564)         (51,385)         (25,190)            (5,520)          (3,413)

      Profit/(loss) before income tax                                    82,292          56,283            82,853           (31,010)          79,539
      Income tax (expense)/credit                                       (21,558)          (2,185)         (11,564)              682          (19,253)

      Profit/(loss) for the year/period                                  60,734           54,098           71,289           (30,328)          60,286
      Other comprehensive income/(expense), net of tax                   85,869          (35,054)         (15,746)          (24,324)           7,365

      Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the
        year/period attributable to owners of the Company               146,603          19,044           55,543            (54,652)          67,651

      Profit/(loss) attributables to:
        Owners of the Company                                            34,240         106,393           66,323            (27,843)          61,985
        Non-controlling interests                                        26,494         (52,295)           4,966              (2,485)          (1,699)

      Profit/(loss) for the year/period                                  60,734          54,098           71,289            (30,328)          60,286

      Total comprehensive income/(expense) attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                            90,832           90,031          54,125            (41,756)          67,887
        Non-controlling interests                                        55,771          (70,987)          1,418            (12,896)            (236)

      Total comprehensive income/(expense)                              146,603          19,044           55,543            (54,652)          67,651

                                                                          As at
                                                                   31 December                          As at 31 December
                                                                          2025           2024              2023           2022                2021
                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000              HK$’000

      Non-current assets                                              2,511,912       1,435,560        1,384,974           321,332           297,185
      Current assets                                                  4,238,248       3,041,055        2,111,310         1,169,706           474,996
      Non-current liabilities                                           658,708         321,926          296,720           407,334           148,209
      Current liabilities                                             4,043,114       2,615,015        1,888,329           895,531           392,758

      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                    1,507,723       1,116,756          850,530           188,292           230,048
      Non-controlling interests                                         540,615         422,918          460,705              (119)            1,166

      Total equity                                                    2,048,338       1,539,674        1,311,235           188,173           231,214


128   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
