CONTENTS
Corporate Information                              2

Chairman’s Statement                               3

Management Discussion and Analysis                 6

Biographies of Directors and Senior Management    12

Directors’ Report                                 16

Corporate Governance Report                       30

Independent Auditors’ Report                      43

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss          47
and Other Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position      48

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity       50

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows              51

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements    52

Financial Summary                                130
     Corporate
     Information

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
     Executive Directors                                     OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)   Unit 2102–03 & 10–12
     Mr. Li Menglin                                         21/F, K. Wah Centre
                                                            191 Java Road
     Non-executive Directors                                North Point
                                                            Hong Kong
     Mr. Qiao Xiaoge
     Ms. Zhu Yujuan
                                                            LEGAL ADVISER AS TO HONG KONG LAW
     Independent non-executive Directors                    Tung & Co.
                                                            Office 1601, 16/F, LHT Tower
     Dr. Li David Xianglin
                                                            31 Queen’s Road Central
     Mr. Wang Wenxing
                                                            Central
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng
                                                            Hong Kong

     AUDIT COMMITTEE                                        CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
     Mr. Wang Wenxing (Chairperson)                          REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
     Mr. Qiao Xiaoge
                                                            Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
     Dr. Li David Xianglin
                                                            Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
                                                            PO Box 1350
     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                 Grand Cayman KY1-1108
     Dr. Li David Xianglin (Chairperson)                    Cayman Islands
     Ms. Zhu Yujuan
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                     HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                             AND TRANSFER OFFICE
     NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                            Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairperson)                            2103B, 21/F
     Mr. Wang Wenxing                                       148 Electric Road
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                     North Point
                                                            Hong Kong
     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chief Executive Officer)                AUDITORS
     Ms. Hu Longzhi (Chief Financial Officer)               HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
                                                            Certified Public Accountants
     COMPANY SECRETARY                                      31st Floor, Gloucester Tower
     Mr. Tung Tat Chiu, Michael                             The Landmark
                                                            11 Pedder Street, Central
     AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                             Hong Kong
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun
     Mr. Tung Tat Chiu, Michael                             PRINCIPAL BANKERS
                                                            The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
     REGISTERED OFFICE IN CAYMAN ISLANDS                      Corporation Limited
     Windward 3, Regatta Office Park                        The Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
     PO Box 1350                                            Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
     Grand Cayman KY1-1108
     Cayman Islands                                         COMPANY WEBSITE
                                                            www.centralenergy.cn

                                                            STOCK CODE
                                                            1735



02   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Chairman’s
Statement




YU ZHUYUN
Chairman
     Chairman’s
     Statement

     Dear Shareholders,

     On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (“Director(s)”) of Central New Energy Holding Group Limited (the
     “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”), I would like to present to shareholders of the Company
     (“Shareholders”) the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 (the “Reporting Year”).

     REPORTING YEAR REVIEW
     In 2024, in the midst of global economic slowdown, intensifying climate change impact and growing market
     uncertainties, the Group demonstrated its strong resilience and innovation in the complicated and ever-changing
     international market through its firm conviction and forward-looking strategies.

     As confronted by numerous uncertainties in the global environment, the Group has consistently adhered to the core
     philosophy of “responsibility at the heart”, and unremittingly practised the concept of sustainable development. On
     one hand, the Group staunchly pursued the path of green development. In an active response to the national call,
     the Group strode towards high-end manufacturing during its transformation under the “dual carbon” goal. On the
     other hand, following years of ample research and market development, the Group, with a forward-looking strategic
     acumen, has actively explored the path of low-carbon transformation, making due contributions to the global green
     and low-carbon development.

     In light of these developments, the Group has been determined to scale down its operations in the construction
     sector, an industry that is currently facing headwinds due to market overcapacity and geopolitical tensions. This
     strategic retreat allows the Group to redirect its resources and focus more intently on its burgeoning renewable
     energy business, an area where the Board believes the future lies.

     The Group’s concentration on new energy solutions aligns not only with the global shift towards sustainability
     but also with its own aspirations for long-term growth and resilience. By pivoting towards renewables, the Group
     is positioning itself at the forefront of a sector that promises immense potential for innovation, job creation, and
     environmental stewardship.

     The Board reckons that this transformation necessitates bold actions and a willingness to embrace change. The
     Group’s dedicated teams are working tirelessly to ensure a seamless transition, harnessing advanced technologies
     and fostering collaborative partnerships that will accelerate its journey towards becoming a leading player in the
     renewable energy market.

     During the Reporting Year, the Group reached an important milestone. With the full production capacity of 3GW
     photovoltaic (“PV“) components and 6GW PV battery production, the Group achieved full-capacity operation,
     while sales of N-type batteries and PV components manifested strong growth momentum. The Group persisted
     in delivering reliable and efficient products and services to customers, while continuing to improve product quality.
     As a result, the Group’s product conversion efficiency, stability, and quality were recognised by customers and
     professional institutions. In terms of smart energy management services, the Group focused on fully satisfying
     customers’ requirements and expectations, by closely keeping abreast of technological innovation and industrial
     development, and quickly responding to and fulfilling the diverse needs of customers.

     In 2024, the Group was committed to implementing efficient governance measures to create sustainable value
     for Shareholders and stakeholders. The Group paid attention to employee welfare, providing employees with an
     equal, safe, healthy, and harmonious workplace to promote their career development. Taking it as the Group’s
     responsibility to practise sincere social responsibility, the Group actively participated in social welfare undertakings,
     and empowered education, charity and poverty alleviation to benefit the public, spreading warmth to society with the
     Group’s goodwill.




04   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Chairman’s
Statement

This year, the Group will disclose an Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) report in strict compliance with
the reporting framework of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Stock Exchange”). In a fair, transparent
and balanced manner, the Group will introduce to the Shareholders the measures taken and achievements made by
the Group in the ESG aspects over the Reporting Year.

The Group will consistently deliver the national “dual carbon” commitment through practical actions, maintain its
original goodwill towards the market, society and customers, and steadily advance towards a future of high-quality
sustainable development. The Group is willing to join forces with partners and stakeholders to contribute green
power to the global effort to address climate change and safeguard a healthy ecosystem, shaping a more sustainable
future together. The Group firmly believes that the extensive applications of solar energy will enable it to bring well-
being to mankind. With solar energy amassed and well utilised, the Group will build a bright future.




YU Zhuyun
Chairman
Hong Kong, 31 March 2025




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   05
     Management Discussion
     and Analysis

     BUSINESS REVIEW
     To align with evolving market dynamics and accelerate its transition to sustainable new energy business, the Group
     would implement a strategic reallocation of resources to prioritise renewable energy initiatives. This realignment will
     involve gradually scaling back its green construction operations while intensifying investments in emerging energy
     sectors.

     Since 2022, the Group has invested in the high-efficiency PV N-type battery and the advanced PV component in
     Fengtai County. As at the end of the Reporting Year, phase I and phase II construction of the 3GW PV component
     and the 6GW PV battery project were completed and put into production in 2024. Phase III construction of the 7.5GW
     PV battery and the 3.5GW component project is expected to be completed by the end of 2026.

     The transition would include but is not limited to: (i) redirecting capital, research and development efforts and human
     resources to strengthen capabilities in renewable energy technologies; (ii) establishing new energy solutions as
     the Group’s core growth driver while maintaining commitments to existing green construction projects; and (iii)
     implementing a phased approach to scale down green construction business line in 5-10 years.

     The Group is devoted to the concept of green development through PV power generation system and energy storage
     technology to create an energy-saving and sustainable living environment.

     During the Reporting Year, the Group was principally engaged in the business of (i) new energy and engineering,
     procurement, and construction (“EPC”); (ii) green building and construction related business; (iii) smart energy
     management services; (iv) health and wellness; and (v) food and beverage (“F&B”) supply chain. The Group seeks to
     achieve synergistic value amongst the segments in order to obtain higher returns and greater business opportunities
     for the Group.

     New energy and EPC
     During the Reporting Year, the new energy and EPC segment recorded a revenue of approximately HK$4,127.5
     million (the year ended 31 December 2023 (“Previous Reporting Year”): approximately HK$2,119.6 million), which
     accounted for approximately 68.4% (Previous Reporting Year: approximately 52.6%) of the Group’s total revenue.
     The increase was mainly driven by robust sales of PV products, supported by the full capacity of the 3GW PV
     component and the 6GW PV battery production during the Reporting Year.

     Green building and construction related business
     During the Reporting Year, the revenue from green building and construction related business segment was
     approximately HK$908.4 million (Previous Reporting Year: approximately HK$1,349.4 million), which accounted for
     approximately 15.1% (Previous Reporting Year: approximately 33.5%) of the Group’s total revenue. The decrease
     reflected the Group’s strategic shift to allocate more resources in the new energy and EPC segment during the
     Reporting Year.

     Smart energy management services
     During the Reporting Year, the revenue in smart energy management services segment was approximately HK$65.9
     million (Previous Reporting Year: approximately HK$16.0 million), which accounted for approximately 1.1% (Previous
     Reporting Year: approximately 0.4%) of the Group’s total revenue. The increase was mainly due to additional smart
     energy-saving lighting works for projects in Yangzhou and Hefei in the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”) during the
     Reporting Year.




06   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Management Discussion
and Analysis

Health and wellness
Health and wellness business includes provision of health and wellness services, which include the healthcare
consulting and supplying of healthcare products, green food and beauty products. During the Reporting Year,
the revenue in health and wellness business was approximately HK$925.3 million (Previous Reporting Year:
approximately HK$409.9 million), which accounted for approximately 15.3% (Previous Reporting Year: approximately
10.2%) of the Group’s total revenue. The increase was mainly due to growth in sales volume of green food products
during the Reporting Year.

F&B supply chain
F&B supply chain includes supply chain services of agriculture products, frozen meats and other F&B materials.
During the Reporting Year, the revenue from F&B supply chain segment was approximately HK$5.1 million (Previous
Reporting Year: approximately HK$133.4 million), which accounted for approximately 0.1% (Previous Reporting Year:
approximately 3.3%) of the Group’s total revenue. The decrease is consistent with the Group’s business strategy to
put more resources in the new energy and EPC segment during the Reporting Year.

FUTURE PLANS AND PROSPECTS
The Group will continue to seek new green energy business opportunities, and to develop its high-efficiency PV
N-type battery and advanced PV component supply business in Fengtai County and Tongcheng City. In particular, as
disclosed in the announcements of the Company respectively dated 28 June 2024 and 12 July 2024 (collectively, the
“Announcements”) as well as its circular dated 25 November 2024 (the “Circular”) in relation to, among others, the
entering into of four equipment lease agreements, under which the equipment to be leased are to be used mainly for
the purpose of production of PV battery in Tongcheng City, and is crucial to the Group’s business in manufacturing
and sales of PV battery.

Phase III construction of the 7.5GW PV battery and 3.5GW component project in Fengtai County is expected to be
completed and put into production in the fourth quarter of 2026.

Phase I construction of 6GW battery project in Tongcheng City is expected to be completed in the second quarter of
2025 and expected to increase to a total capacity of 12GW in the fourth quarter of 2026.

Subsequent to the entering into by the Group of certain framework agreements for cooperation in project
development, industrial investment, construction, operation and maintenance in the field of new energy as referred
to in the section headed “Future Plans and Prospects” in the interim report published by the Company on 27
September 2024, the Group has also entered into a cooperation framework agreement for strategic cooperation to
commence, develop and invest in new energy and PV power station related project(s) throughout Anhui province,
thereby allowing the Group to leverage its experience and capabilities in development and operation of new energy
projects. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 8 July 2024.




                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   07
     Management Discussion
     and Analysis

     FINANCIAL REVIEW
     Revenue
     The Group’s revenue for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$6,032.0 million, i.e. about 49.8% more
     than that of approximately HK$4,028.3 million for the Previous Reporting Year. The improvement was primarily
     due to the net increase in revenue from the new energy and EPC segment, which amounted to approximately
     HK$4,127.5 million, which was driven by strong growth in sales volume of N-Type battery and PV components during
     the Reporting Year (Previous Reporting Year: approximately HK$2,119.6 million).

                                                                                      Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                     31 December       31 December
                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


     New energy and EPC                                                                  4,127,452        2,119,585
     Green building and construction related business                                      908,398        1,349,387
     Smart energy management services                                                       65,863           16,055
     Health and wellness                                                                   925,256          409,875
     F&B supply chain                                                                        5,057          133,397


                                                                                         6,032,026        4,028,299


     Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
     The Group’s gross profit for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$127.8 million, representing a
     decrease of approximately 26.1% as compared with approximately HK$172.8 million for the Previous Reporting Year.
     The decrease was mainly due to the lower profit margin in sales of N-Type battery and PV components during the
     Reporting Year in the new energy and EPC segment.

     Other Income and Gains
     The Group’s other income and gains for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$182.7 million,
     representing an increase of approximately 871.2% as compared with approximately HK$18.8 million for the Previous
     Reporting Year. The increase was mainly due to the increase in government grants during the Reporting Year.

     Administrative and Other Operating Expenses
     The Group’s administrative and other operating expenses for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately
     HK$172.8 million, representing an increase of approximately 113.4% as compared with approximately HK$81.0
     million for the Previous Reporting Year. The increase was in line with the full capacity of the 3GW component and
     the 6GW battery production during the Reporting Year.

     Income Tax Expense
     The Group’s income tax expenses for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$2.2 million (Previous
     Reporting Year: approximately HK$11.6 million). Such decrease was due to the tax incentive available for and tax
     rebate received by the Group during the Reporting Year.




08   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Management Discussion
and Analysis

Net Profit
The Group reported a net profit for the Reporting Year of approximately HK$54.1 million as compared to the net
profit of approximately HK$71.3 million for the Previous Reporting Year. The decrease in net profit was primarily
attributable to (i) the lower profit margin in sales of N-Type battery and PV components; and (ii) the increase in
administrative and other operating expenses as a result of increase in production capacity of PV components and
battery production for the Reporting Year as compared with the Previous Reporting Year.

Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortisation (“EBITDA”)
Non-HKFRS measures are to supplement the Group’s financial results which are presented in accordance with Hong
Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”). EBITDA is used as an additional financial measure. The Group
believes that non-HKFRS measures provide useful information to investors and others to understand and evaluate
the Group’s consolidated results for the purpose of comparison across accounting periods and with those of its peer
companies.

The following table sets forth the Group’s non-HKFRSs financial data for the Reporting Year and the Previous
Reporting Year:

                                                                                   Year ended         Year ended
                                                                                  31 December       31 December
                                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000


Profit for the year                                                                      54,098            71,289
Interest income                                                                          (9,864)           (1,381)
Finance costs                                                                            51,385            25,190
Taxation                                                                                  2,185            11,564
Depreciation                                                                            142,081            18,696
Amortisation                                                                                  –                 –


EBITDA                                                                                  239,885           125,358

EBITDA for the Reporting Year amounted to a profit of approximately HK$239.9 million as compared with a profit of
approximately HK$125.4 million for the Previous Reporting Year.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   09
     Management Discussion
     and Analysis

     LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE
     During the Reporting Year, the Group funded its liquidity and capital requirements primarily through capital
     contributions and cash inflow generated from operating activities.

     As at the end of the Reporting Year, the Group had cash and bank balances of approximately HK$265.9 million
     (Previous Reporting Year: approximately HK$137.4 million). The increase was mainly due to (i) the robust sales of PV
     products; and (ii) new short-term facilities from financial institutions.

     As at the end of the Reporting Year, the share capital and equity attributable to owners of the Company amounted to
     approximately HK$2.6 million and HK$1,114.1 million, respectively (Previous Reporting Year: approximately HK$2.6
     million and HK$847.9 million, respectively).

     The current ratio was 1.2 times during the Reporting Year (Previous Reporting Year: 1.1 times).

     The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as the debts as at each year end
     divided by the total equity as at each year end. The gearing ratio of the Group as at the end of the Reporting Year
     was approximately 129.37% (Previous Reporting Year: approximately 85.66%).

     Foreign Exchange Risk
     The Group operates in Hong Kong and the PRC in 2024. Accordingly, all operating transactions and revenue are
     settled in Hong Kong dollars and Renminbi, subjecting the Group to foreign exchange risk. The Group has actively
     taken various measures to manage foreign exchange risk.

     MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
     Reference is made to the Announcements and the Circular in relation to, among others, the entering into of four
     equipment lease agreements. Unless otherwise stated, capitalised terms used below shall have the same meanings
     as those defined in the Circular.

     On 28 June 2024 and 12 July 2024, the Group as the Lessee has respectively entered into the Equipment Lease
     Agreements and the Equipment Lease Agreement 4 (collectively, the “New Equipment Lease Agreements”)
     with the Lessor in relation to the lease of the New Leased Equipment from the Lessor to the Lessee. Pursuant to
     HKFRS 16, as a result of the entering into of the New Equipment Lease Agreements, the Group shall recognise the
     relevant values of the right-of-use assets upon the receipts and acceptance in its consolidated financial statements.
     Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the New Equipment Lease Agreements will be regarded as
     acquisition of assets by the Group pursuant to Rule 14.04(1)(a) of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on
     the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”). As one of the applicable percentage ratios under Rule 14.07 of the Listing
     Rules in respect of the transactions contemplated under the New Equipment Lease Agreements, when aggregated
     with each other pursuant to Rule 14.22 of the Listing Rules, based on the respective estimated values of the right-
     of-use assets to be recognised by the Group thereunder pursuant to HKFRS 16, exceeds 25% but all of them are
     less than 100%, the entering into of the New Equipment Lease Agreements and the transactions contemplated
     thereunder constitute a major transaction of the Company. For details, please refer to the Announcements and the
     Circular.

     Save as disclosed above, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates or
     joint ventures during the Reporting Year.




10   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Management Discussion
and Analysis

CHARGES ON ASSETS
Save as disclosed in Notes 14, 25 and 32 of the Financial Statements, the Group did not have any significant charges
on its assets as at 31 December 2024.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENT
The Group did not hold any significant investments during the Reporting Year.

FUTURE PLANS FOR MATERIAL INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS
There was no specific future plan for material investments or capital assets as at 31 December 2024.

EMPLOYEES
The Group had 1,118 employees (including full-time and casual employees who are paid on a daily basis) as at
31 December 2024 (Previous Reporting Year: 1,469). Total staff costs including Directors’ emoluments, salaries,
wages and other staff benefits, contributions and retirement schemes, provisions for staff long service payment and
untaken paid leave for the Reporting Year amounted to approximately HK$184.5 million (Previous Reporting Year:
approximately HK$42.3 million). The remuneration policy and package of the Group’s employees are periodically
reviewed. Apart from mandatory provident fund and job training programs, salary increment and discretionary
bonuses may be awarded to employees upon approval by the Board according to the Group’s operating results,
individual performance and market situation.

CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
The Group had capital commitments for an acquisition of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets
amounted to approximately HK$842.4 million as at 31 December 2024 (Previous Reporting Year: approximately
HK$418.1 million).

CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
Subsidiaries of the Company are involved in a number of potential claims relating to employees’ compensation cases
and personal injury claims as well as summonses for safety-related incidents in the ordinary course of business as at
the date of this annual report. The Directors considered that the possibility of any outflow in settling (i) the potential
personal injury claims were remote as these claims were well covered by insurance; and (ii) the summonses will
be insignificant to the business of the Group. Accordingly, no provision for the contingent liabilities in respect of the
potential personal injury claims and the summonses is necessary after due consideration of each case.

FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board did not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Reporting Year (Previous Reporting Year: Nil).




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   11
     Biographies of Directors and
     Senior Management

     Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out as follows:

     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (余竹雲), aged 52, has been an executive Director and the chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”)
     since October 2019, and was appointed as the chief executive officer (the “CEO”) in April 2020. Mr. Yu is an
     entrepreneur with over 15 years of experience primarily in the property development and investment industry in the
     PRC. He founded Anhui Central Holding Group Co., Ltd.* (安徽中環控股集團有限公司) (“Anhui Central”) in 2004,
     which has now developed into a diversified enterprise engaging in a variety of businesses, including real estate
     development, commercial property leasing, environmentally friendly construction, cultural and creative business,
     smart logistics and trade development, as well as health and wellness business in the PRC. He is currently serving
     as the chairman of the board of directors of Anhui Central.

     Mr. Yu is a standing committee member of the All-China Youth Federation (中華全國青年聯合會), a council member
     of the China Society for Promotion of the Guangcai Program (中國光彩事業促進會), a council member of the China
     Young Volunteers Association (中國青年志願者協會), a standing council member of the China Mergers & Acquisitions
     Association (中國併購公會), the vice president of the Anhui Federation of Industry and Commerce (安徽省工商業聯
     合會), a member of the Anhui Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (中國
     人民政治協商會議安徽省委員會), the vice president of the Anhui Youth Federation (安徽省青年聯合會), a standing
     council member of the Anhui Overseas Friendship Association (安徽省海外聯誼會), and the honorary president of the
     Anhui Federation of Overseas Chinese Entrepreneurs (安徽省僑商聯合會).

     Mr. Yu obtained a Master of Business Administration from Hong Kong Baptist University in November 2007. He
     further obtained an Executive Master of Business Administration from Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business (長
     江商學院) in the PRC in September 2013.

     Mr. Li Menglin (李夢琳), aged 68, has been an executive Director since April 2020. Mr. Li has extensive experience
     in the banking and financial services sectors in the PRC. During the period from April 1998 to September 2017,
     he held various senior positions at the Anhui provincial branch of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China,
     including the president of Anqing branch, chief of the education department, chief manager of real estate financing
     department, head of stock reform office, chief manager of company services II department, and manager and senior
     manager of small-sized enterprises financing department. From September 2017 to July 2019, he served as the
     chairman of the board and the president of Anhui Xin’an Bank* (安徽新安銀行), and has been serving as a consultant
     of Anhui Xin’an Bank since June 2019.

     Mr. Li received the awards of Model Individual in Consumer Credits Management Works of 2005* (2005年度中國工
     商銀行消費信貸管理工作先進個人), Annual Excellent Performance by the Anhui Provincial Branch of the Industrial and
     Commercial Bank of China* (中國工商銀行省行本部年度考核優秀等次) in 2007, 2013 and 2015 and Model Worker in
     the Innovative Work in the Finance Sector in Anhui Province of 2010* (2010年度安徽省金融創新工作先進個人).

     Mr. Li obtained a Bachelor of Economics in Finance awarded by Anhui University of Finance and Economics in
     July 1982. He was awarded a Master of Business Administration (International) by the University of Hong Kong in
     December 2003 in the IMBA Programme co-organised by the University of Hong Kong and Fudan University (復旦大
     學) in the PRC.




12   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Biographies of Directors and
Senior Management

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Qiao Xiaoge (喬曉戈), aged 58, has been a non-executive Director since October 2019. Mr. Qiao is experienced
in the field of real estate development and construction. During the period from March 2000 to November 2003,
he served as a deputy general manager of the predecessor company of Wanda Commercial Properties (Group)
Co., Ltd.* (萬達商業地產(集團)有限公司), a private property developer. He then served as a vice president of Sunac
Huabei Development Group Co., Ltd.* (融創華北發展集團有限公司), a company principally engaged in real estate
development and commercial property leasing, from January 2004 to June 2006. He has been serving as the
president of Anhui Central since August 2011.

Mr. Qiao graduated from Hefei University (合肥學院) in the PRC in July 1991.

Ms. Zhu Yujuan (朱玉娟), aged 46, has been a non-executive Director since October 2019. Ms. Zhu joined Anhui
Central in February 2009. She had served in various positions in Anhui Central, including general manager of the
administrative and human resources management center and assistant to the president. She is currently serving as a
vice president of Anhui Central.

Ms. Zhu graduated from Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業大學) and the Institute of Psychology of the
Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院心理研究所) in the PRC in January 2009 and February 2011, respectively.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Dr. Li David Xianglin (李祥林), aged 62, has been an independent non-executive Director since October 2019. Dr.
Li is currently a professor of finance at the Shanghai Advanced Institute of Finance (上海高級金融學院), an associate
dean, the director of the risk management research center (風險管理研究中心) and the director of the FinTech
Research Center (金融科技研究中心) of the Chinese Academy of Financial Research (中國金融研究院), and a co-
director of the Master of Finance program in Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學) in the PRC. Prior to
joining Shanghai Jiao Tong University (上海交通大學), he had served in leading financial institutions for more than
two decades. He was the head of global credit derivatives research of Citigroup from October 2001 to June 2004,
the head of quantitative analysis of credit derivatives of Barclays Capital from June 2004 to April 2008, the chief
risk officer of China International Capital Corporation Limited from May 2008 to January 2012, the director of senior
management and the head of modeling for AIG Investments from January 2012 to March 2016, and the senior vice
president of investment and the person-in-charge of the risk analytics and methodology department of Prudential
Financial, Inc. from March 2016 to December 2017.

Dr. Li obtained a Master of Business Administration from Laval University in Canada in May 1991. He further
obtained a Master of Mathematics (Actuarial Science) and a Doctor of Philosophy (Statistics) from the University of
Waterloo in Canada in May 1992 and October 1995, respectively.

Dr. Li has served as an independent non-executive director of Lufax Holding Ltd, the shares of which are listed on
the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6623), since 2021.

Mr. Wang Wenxing (王文星), aged 56, has been an independent non-executive Director since October 2019.

Mr. Wang is currently serving as a senior tax consultant of Triangle Accounting Limited and an international tax
consultant of Mind & Sun Partners in Shanghai. He has also been serving as a senior partner, the chief accountant
and the quality control director of Anthony Chen CPA, PLLC since February 2009. During the period from May 1995
to March 2003, he served as a project manager in the Guangzhou Branch of the China Council for the Promotion of
International Trade (中國國際貿易促進委員會廣州市分會)(also known as the Guangzhou Chamber of Commerce of
the China International Chamber of Commerce (中國國際商會廣州市商會)). He was the chief tax accountant of the
high net value business department of AIA China from April 2015 to June 2017.

Mr. Wang obtained a Master of Science from the City University of New York in the United States in February 2008.
He has been enrolled to practice before the Internal Revenue Service of the Department of the Treasury of the
United States since November 2010.

Mr. Wang has served as an independent non-executive director of King’s Stone Holdings Group Limited (formerly
known as Silver Tide Holdings Limited), the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock
code: 1943), since 2022.



                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   13
     Biographies of Directors and
     Senior Management

     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng (周春生), aged 59, has been an independent non-executive Director since October 2019.

     Dr. Zhou is currently a professor of Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business (長江商學院) in the PRC. He has
     served as an independent non-executive director of Pine Technology Holdings Limited, the shares of which are listed
     on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1079), since 2017, an independent non-executive director
     of Transfar Zhilian Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002010), a director
     of Nanda Automation Technology Jiangsu Co., Ltd, a company then listed on the National Equities Exchange and
     Quotations Co., Ltd. (stock code: 834876), and an independent non-executive director of Kunwu Jiuding Investment
     Holdings Co., Limited (“Kunwu Holdings”), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code:
     600053). The Company was notified on 8 October 2021 that an announcement was made by Kunwu Holdings
     on 25 September 2021 in relation to, among other things, the receipt of a decision on administrative supervision
     measures《(中國證券監督管理委員會江西監管局行政監管措施決定書》) from Jiangxi Regulatory Bureau of China
     Securities Regulatory Commission (“CSRC”) (中國證券監督管理委員會江西監管局) by Kunwu Holdings and the
     secretary to the board of directors of Kunwu Holdings. To the Directors’ best knowledge, information and belief, Dr.
     Zhou is not involved in the day-to-day management of Kunwu Holdings, and has not been subject to any sanction,
     administrative penalty or criticism by the CSRC and the Shanghai Stock Exchange. For further details, please refer
     to the announcement of the Company dated 11 October 2021. He has also been a director of Guanghua Tiancheng
     Investments Co., Ltd. since March 2007, and an independent non- executive director of Hua Chuang Securities
     Brokerage Co., Ltd. and China Southern Fund Management Co., Ltd. since June 2007.

     Dr. Zhou served as an independent non-executive director of Zhonghong Holdings Co., Limited (“Zhonghong
     Holdings”), a company then listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000979), from May 2008 to April
     2020. The Board was informed by Dr. Zhou on 23 October 2019 that Zhonghong Holdings, a company of which
     Dr. Zhou has been serving as an independent non-executive director, received an Investigation Notice (《調查通
     知書》) from the CSRC on 14 August 2018. To the best knowledge, information and belief of the Board, Dr. Zhou
     is not involved in the day-to-day management of Zhonghong Holdings, and has not been subject to any censure,
     administrative penalty or criticism by the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and the CSRC. For further details, please
     refer to the announcement of the Company dated 25 October 2019. Dr. Zhou also served as an independent non-
     executive director of China ITS (Holdings) Co., Ltd., the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock
     code: 1900), from September 2008 to June 2018, an independent non-executive director of Green Leader Holdings
     Group Limited, the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 61), from June 2013 to August
     2019, an independent non-executive director of Guosheng Financial Holding Inc., a company listed on the Shenzhen
     Stock Exchange (stock code: 002670), from July 2015 to April 2020, and an independent director of Leshan City
     Commercial Bank from August 2012 to January 2019.

     Dr. Zhou was an economist of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board from April 1995 to September 1997, where he was
     responsible for the analysis, control and management of financial risks, an assistant professor at the University of
     California (Riverside) from September 1997 to April 2001, an associate professor of the Business School of the
     University of Hong Kong from July 2000 to July 2001, a commissioner of the Development and Strategy Committee
     of the CSRC (中國證券監督管理及規劃委員會委員) from April 2001 to December 2001, and a finance professor of the
     Guanghua School of Management at Peking University (北京大學) from July 2001 to December 2006.

     Dr. Zhou obtained a Master of Science from Peking University (北京大學) in the PRC in July 1988, and a Doctor of
     Economics from Princeton University in the United States in May 1995.




14   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Biographies of Directors and
Senior Management

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Ms. Hu Longzhi (胡龍芝), aged 49, was the financial controller of the Group since 2019 and was subsequently
promoted to the chief financial officer of the Group in 2023. She is currently tasked with the Group's corporate affairs
and overall management of the financial management center. She has more than 15 years of experience in auditing,
financing and financial management of listed companies. Meanwhile, she has a comprehensive financial knowledge
system, including financial and tax policy, operation analysis, budget management, cost control and accounting.
During Ms. Hu's tenure, she has improved and standardised the Group’s financial control system, established and
enhanced the Group’s financing system and financing model.

Mr. Tung Tat Chiu (佟達釗), aged 62, was appointed as the company secretary of the Company (“Company
Secretary") on 3 May 2023. Mr. Tung is the senior partner of Tung & Co., the Company’s legal advisers as to Hong
Kong laws. He holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in law and accounting from The University of Manchester, the United
Kingdom. He has over 30 years of experience as practising lawyer in Hong Kong. He is also a China-Appointed
Attesting Officer. Mr. Tung currently serves as a joint company secretary of Jiangxi Copper Company Limited (stock
code: 358), Harbin Electric Company Limited (stock code: 1133) and Qingling Motors Co. Ltd (stock code: 1122),
respectively, and as the sole company secretary of Quantum Thinking Limited (stock code: 8050). He is an external
service provider engaged by the Company to provide company secretarial services.

English translation of names in Chinese which is marked with “*” in this annual report is for identification purposes only.




                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   15
     Directors’
     Report

     The Board is pleased to present the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the
     Group for the Reporting Year (the “Financial Statements”).

     CORPORATE REORGANISATION
     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on 29 March 2017. The Company
     completed the corporate reorganisation (the “Reorganisation”) on 8 March 2018 in preparation for the listing of the
     shares of the Company (the “Shares”) on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, pursuant to which the Company
     became the holding company of the companies now comprising the Group. Details of the Reorganisation are set out
     in the section headed “History and Development — Reorganisation” in the prospectus of the Company dated 19
     March 2018.

     The Company has a principal place of business in Hong Kong at Unit 2102–03 & 10–12, 21/F, K. Wah Centre, 191
     Java Road, North Point, Hong Kong.

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in Note 12 to
     the Financial Statements.

     SUBSIDIARIES
     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries during the Reporting Year are set out in Note 12 to the Financial
     Statements.

     BUSINESS REVIEW
     The business review and outlook of the Group for the Reporting Year are set out in the section headed “Management
     Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.

     SEGMENTAL INFORMATION
     Details of segment reporting are set out in Note 5 to the Financial Statements.

     RESULTS
     The results of the Group for the Reporting Year and the financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2024 are
     set out in the Financial Statements on pages 47 to 49 of this annual report.

     FINAL DIVIDENDS
     The Board did not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Reporting Year (Previous Reporting Year: Nil).




16   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The annual general meeting (the “AGM”) of the Company will be held in the manner required under the Listing Rules
on Friday, 27 June 2025. A notice convening the AGM will be issued and sent to the Shareholders in due course.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
In order to establish entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM to be held on Friday, 27 June 2025, the register of
members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 24 June 2025 to Friday, 27 June 2025, both days inclusive,
during which period no transfer of Shares will be effected. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM,
all transfer of Shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the
Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited, at 2103B, 21/F, 148
Electric Road, North Point, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 23 June 2025.

KEY RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The Group’s financial condition, results of operation, business and prospects may be affected by a number of risks
and uncertainties. The followings are the key risk and uncertainties identified by the Group relating to its business:

A significant portion of the Group’s revenue was generated from contracts awarded by a
limited number of customers, and any significant decrease in the number of projects with major
customers may materially and adversely affect its financial condition and operating results
A significant portion of the Group’s revenue was derived from a limited number of customers during the Reporting
Year. There is no assurance that the Group will continue to obtain contracts from its major customers, and in the
event that it is unable to secure suitable projects of a comparable size and quantity as replacements from other
customers, the Group’s financial condition and operating results would be materially and adversely affected. In
addition, in the event that the Group’s major customers experience any liquidity problem, they may delay or default
in their payments to the Group, in which case the Group’s business, financial positions and prospects could be
materially and adversely affected.

Any failure to accurately estimate the project costs in tenders and/or any delay in completion of
projects may lead to cost overruns or even result in losses
The Group’s ability to submit tender proposals at a competitive price with adequate profit margin to maintain its
profitability depends on various factors. The Group determines the tender price by taking into account factors
including the scope and complexity of the project, site conditions, project time frame, estimated construction
materials costs, labour and machinery requirements and capacity, extent of subcontracted works required,
relationship with customers and prevailing market conditions. In addition, the Group may be subject to liquidated
damages due to delay in completing the projects, calculated on the basis of a fixed sum per day or according to
certain mechanism as stipulated under the contracts. Any material inaccurate estimation in the time and costs
involved in a project may give rise to delays in completion of works and/or costs overruns, which in turn may
materially and adversely affect the Group’s financial condition, profitability and liquidity.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   17
     Directors’
     Report

     The Group is required to comply with various environmental, safety and health laws and
     regulations which are extensive and the compliance of which may be onerous or expensive
     As part of the Group’s construction business operation in the PRC, it is required to comply with various and
     extensive environmental as well as health and safety laws and regulations promulgated by the PRC government
     and the governments of other overseas jurisdictions in which it operates. If the Group fails to comply with these
     laws and regulations, it could be exposed to penalties, fines, suspension or revocation of its licenses or permits to
     conduct business, administrative proceedings and litigation. Given the magnitude and complexity of these laws and
     regulations, compliance with them or the establishment of effective monitoring systems may be onerous or require
     a significant amount of financial and other resources. As these laws and regulations continue to evolve, there can be
     no assurance that the PRC government or the governments of other overseas jurisdictions in which the Group has
     operations will not impose additional or more onerous laws or regulations, compliance with which may cause it to
     incur significantly increased costs, which it may not be able to pass on to its customers.

     The Group requires permits or licenses to undertake its business operations and any loss, termination or non-renewal
     of these permits or licenses could have a significant and adverse impact on its business.

     The Group requires permits and licenses issued by the relevant government agencies to conduct its business and it
     must comply with the restrictions and conditions imposed by various levels of government to maintain its permits
     and licenses. If the Group fails to comply with any of the regulations required for the maintenance of its permits and
     licenses, its permits and licenses could be temporarily suspended or even revoked.

     The Group’s property development business is dependent on the growth of the real estate market
     in the PRC
     Demand for properties and property prices in the PRC, including Zhejiang Province, may fluctuate and may continue
     to be affected by macro-economic control measures implemented by the PRC government from time to time.

     The Group’s property development business in the PRC is subject to extensive governmental
     regulations and policies and, in particular, it is susceptible to policy changes in the PRC property
     industry
     The Group’s business is subject to extensive governmental regulations and policies. As with other PRC property
     developers, it must comply with various requirements mandated by the PRC laws and regulations, including
     the policies and procedures established by local authorities designed to implement such laws and regulations.
     In particular, the PRC government exerts considerable direct and indirect influence on the development of the
     PRC property sector by imposing industry policies and other economic measures, which, among other things,
     control foreign exchanges, taxation, foreign investment and the supply of land for property development. Through
     these policies and measures, the PRC government may raise the benchmark interest rates of commercial banks,
     place additional limitations on the ability of commercial banks to make loans to property developers and property
     purchasers, impose additional taxes and levies on property sales, restrict foreign investment in the PRC property
     sector and restrict or reduce the supply of land for property development.




18   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

The Group may not be able to complete or deliver its development projects on time and face
substantial development risks before it realises any benefits from them
Property development projects require substantial capital expenditures prior to and during the construction period.
It may take longer than a year from the commencement of construction before a property development project can
generate cash flow through pre-sales, sales or leases. The progress and costs of a property development project can
be materially and adversely affected by many factors, including, without limitation to:

i)      Delays in obtaining necessary licenses, permits or approvals from government agencies or authorities;

ii)     Relocation of existing residents or demolition of existing structures;

iii)    Increase in costs of materials, equipment, contractors and skilled labour;

iv)     Availability and cost of financing;

v)      Failure of contractors or suppliers to provide products and services as anticipated, due to financial difficulties or
        other reasons;

vi)     Labour disputes;

vii)    Construction accidents;

viii)   Natural catastrophes;

ix)     Adverse weather conditions; and

x)      Changes in government policies.

The Group cannot assure that it will not experience any significant delays in the completion or delivery of any of its
property development projects or that it will not be subject to any liabilities for any such delays. Such disruptions may
materially and adversely affect its business, results of operations and financial position.

The Group’s trading of construction materials business are exposed to credit risk of its customers
The Group generally does not grant any credit period for enterprises which are subject to litigation in respect of
construction material agreements disputes, administrative penalty and outstanding tax arrears. Depending on factors
including but not limited to their scale of operation, prospect and size of future sales, trading and payment history
and the Group’s business relationship with them, it generally grants its customers a credit period of 7 days to 270
days.

The Group cannot assure that any of its customers which have been granted credit period can fulfil their obligations
under the construction material agreements entered into with them. Any default by the Group’s customers on their
obligations under such agreements with them may have an adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial position
and results of operations.

The Group may be affected by overcapacity in the PV new energy sector
Rapid expansion and supply-demand imbalance in the PRC resulted in a surge in the PRC’s PV manufacturing
capacity, with production of polysilicon, wafers, cells, and modules exceeding 1,000 GW by 2023, while global
demand is projected to reach only 400–500 GW annually. This mismatch risks severe oversupply, leading to price
collapses and reduced profitability. Intense competition among manufacturers, particularly in low-margin segments
like modules, has triggered price wars. Module prices fell by 50% between 2022 and 2023, squeezing margins and
forcing smaller players to exit the market.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   19
     Directors’
     Report

     The Group may be affected by changes in government subsidy policies
     PRC’s 2024 policy mandates full marketisation of renewable energy pricing, phasing out fixed feed-in tariffs. This
     exposes PV projects to volatile electricity prices, particularly during midday supply peaks when solar generation is
     high but prices are low. Historical issues like delayed subsidy payouts (e.g., under the “Golden Sun” program) and
     retroactive policy adjustments have eroded investor confidence. For instance, subsidies for distributed PV in Beijing
     are set to expire by 2025, creating uncertainty for new projects.

     PRC governments are prioritising subsidies for advanced technologies (e.g., perovskite cells) and integrated projects
     (e.g., solar + storage), leaving traditional models at a disadvantage.

     The PV sector faces dual pressures from cyclical overcapacity and evolving subsidy regimes. While market forces
     will drive consolidation, proactive measures, technological innovation, policy engagement and global diversification
     are critical to sustaining competitiveness. Subsidy withdrawals without incentives for high-quality growth from the
     government may destabilise the industry.

     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years/period is set out
     on page 130 of this annual report.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Year are set out in
     Note 14 to the Financial Statements.

     INTANGIBLE ASSETS
     Details of the movements in the intangible assets of the Group during the Reporting Year are set out in Note 17 to
     the Financial Statements.

     SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of movements during the Reporting Year in the share capital of the Company are set out in Note 26 to the
     Financial Statements.

     DEBENTURES
     The Company did not issue any debenture during the Reporting Year.

     RESERVES
     Details of movements in the reserves of the Group during the Reporting Year are set out in Note 38 to the Financial
     Statements.

     As at 31 December 2024, the Company had reserves amounting to approximately HK$571.5 million available for
     distribution as calculated in accordance with statutory provisions applicable in the Cayman Islands (31 December
     2023: approximately HK$316.1 million).




20   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

DIRECTORS
The Directors who held office during the Reporting Year and up to the date of this annual report are:

Executive Directors
Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Li Menglin

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Qiao Xiaoge
Ms. Zhu Yujuan

Independent non-executive Directors
Dr. Li David Xianglin
Mr. Wang Wenxing
Dr. Zhou Chunsheng

The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
Management” in this annual report.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACT
Each of the Directors has entered into an appointment contract with the Company for a term of three years, subject
to retirement by rotation at the AGM, and each of them shall be eligible for re-election in accordance with the second
amended and restated articles of association of the Company (the “Restated Articles”). Mr. Yu Zhuyun, Mr. Li
Menglin and Ms. Zhu Yujuan shall retire from office by rotation and, being eligible, shall offer themselves for re-
election at the AGM.

Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors, including the Directors being proposed to be re-elected at the
AGM, has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable within one year without payment of
compensation, other than statutory compensation.

CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent non-executive
Directors pursuant to the Listing Rules. The Company considers the independent non-executive Directors to be
independent pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts, other than the appointment contracts and employment contracts, concerning the management and
administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed
during the Reporting Year.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   21
     Directors’
     Report

     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SECURITIES
     As at 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of each Director and chief executive of the Company
     in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of the associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong (the “SFO”))
     which have been notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
     SFO (including any interest or short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the
     SFO) or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or have
     been, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
     contained in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules, notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange were as follows:

     (i)    Long positions in the Shares

                                                                                                             Number of               Approximate
                                                                                                           Shares held/             percentage of
                                                                                                           interested in               interest in
            Name of Director                  Capacity/Nature of interest                                        Note 1             the Company


            Mr. Yu Zhuyun                     Interest in a controlled corporation                    2,890,378,320 (L)                      68.43%
                                                                                                                Note 2                        Note 2

            Ms. Zhu Yujuan                    Beneficial owner                                                480,000 (L)                     0.01%

            Mr. Li Menglin                    Beneficial owner                                                320,000 (L)                     0.01%

            Note:


            1.      “L” denotes long position.


            2.      Mr. Yu Zhuyun holds the entire issued share capital in Central Culture Resource Group Limited (“Central Culture”) and Central Culture
                    holds approximately 68.43% of the total number of issued Shares. Therefore, Mr. Yu Zhuyun is taken to be interested in the number of
                    Shares held by Central Culture pursuant to Part XV of the SFO.


     (ii)   Long positions in the ordinary shares of associated corporations of the Company

                                                                                                                    Number of         Percentage of
                                                                                       Capacity/                   shares held/        issued share
            Name of Director           Name of associated corporation                  Nature of interest            interested              capital


            Mr. Yu Zhuyun              Central Culture                                 Beneficial owner                   50,000                100%

     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
     interests and/or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or any associated
     corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which were required to be notified to the Company and the
     Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which
     they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or pursuant to the Model Code and which were
     required to be entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO.




22   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

Substantial Shareholders’ interests and short positions in Shares and underlying Shares
As at 31 December 2024, so far as is known to the Directors, the following persons (not being a Director or chief
executive of the Company) had interest or short position in Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be
disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or
which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to the section 336 of the SFO:

Long positions in the Shares

                                                                                   Number of          Approximate
                                                                                 Shares held/        percentage of
                                                                                 interested in          interest in
Name of Shareholder                Capacity/Nature of interest                           Note        the Company


Central Culture                    Beneficial owner                          2,890,378,320 (L)              68.43%

Note: “L” denotes long position.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2024, the Directors were not aware of any person or corporation (other
than the Directors and the chief executives) who had any interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares
which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or
pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company.

ARRANGEMENTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests in Securities” above and
the paragraph headed “Share Option Scheme” below, at no time during the Reporting Year were rights to acquire
benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their
respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the
Company, its holdings company, or and any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, a party to any arrangement to
enable the Directors, or their respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights by means of
the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company of any other body corporate.

DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS,
ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in the paragraphs headed “Connected Transactions” below and in Note 34 to the Financial
Statements, there was no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance, to which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, its parent company, or its parent company’s subsidiaries was a party, and in which a Director or
any entity connected with a Director had a material interest, whether directly and indirectly, subsisting as at 31
December 2024 or any time during the Reporting Year, nor was there any other transaction, arrangement or contract
of significance in relation to the Group’s business between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and a controlling
Shareholder or any of its subsidiaries.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   23
     Directors’
     Report

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
     Pursuant to the Restated Articles, every Director shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company
     against all losses or liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her
     office or otherwise in relation thereto.

     The Company has maintained appropriate Directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in respect of legal actions against
     them arising out of corporate activities and such permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors are
     currently in force.

     MAJOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS
     For the Reporting Year, the aggregate purchase attributable to the Group’s largest supplier and the five largest
     suppliers accounted for approximately 9.1% and 23.5%, respectively, of the Group’s total purchases for the
     Reporting Year (Previous Reporting Year: approximately 22.2% and 50.6%, respectively). For the Reporting Year,
     revenue attributable to the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers in aggregate accounted
     for approximately 20.4% and 41.1% respectively, of the Group’s total revenue for the Reporting Year (Previous
     Reporting Year: approximately 12.0% and 34.4%, respectively).

     To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, none of the Directors, their close associates or any Shareholders (which,
     to the best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the number of issued share capital of the Company)
     had an interest in the Group’s five largest suppliers or customers.

     KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND OTHERS
     Employees
     The Group recognises employees as its valuable assets. The Group provides competitive remuneration packages
     to attract, motivate and retain appropriate and suitable personnel. The Group has also adopted an annual review
     system to assess the performance of its staff, which forms the basis of the Group’s decisions with respect to salary
     increment and promotions.

     Customers
     The Group has maintained long-standing business relationship with the majority of its five largest customers. The
     Group endeavors to accommodate its customers’ demands to the extent its resources allow in order to capture more
     opportunities for larger scale projects in the future.

     Suppliers and subcontractors
     The Group has an approved list of suppliers and selects suppliers from the list based on the quality of products or
     services, timeliness of delivery, experience of and length of partnership with suppliers, competitiveness of pricing
     and reputation of suppliers.

     Subject to the Group’s capacity and resource level and depending on the types of construction works as well as cost
     effectiveness and complexity of the projects, the Group may subcontract certain works to other subcontractors.
     The Group maintains an internal list of approved subcontractors and selects them based on their experience, quality
     of works, timeliness of completion for past projects, reputation in the industry, past performances, pricing and the
     Group’s relationship with them.




24   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES
The Group’s operations at work sites are subject to certain environmental requirements pursuant to the laws of Hong
Kong. The laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group include, among others, Air Pollution
Control Ordinance (Chapter 311 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Air Pollution Control (Non-road Mobile Machinery)
(Emission) Regulation (Chapter 311Z of the Laws of Hong Kong), Noise Control Ordinance (Chapter 400 of the
Laws of Hong Kong), Water Pollution Control Ordinance (Chapter 358 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Waste Disposal
Ordinance (Chapter 354 of the Laws of Hong Kong), and Waste Disposal (Charges for Disposal of Construction
Waste) Regulation (Chapter 354N of the Laws of Hong Kong).

In order to comply with the applicable environmental protection laws, the Group has implemented an environmental
management system which was certified to be in compliance with the standard required under ISO 14001 since
November 2010. Apart from complying with the environmental protection policies formulated by its customers, the
Group has established an environmental management policy to ensure proper management of environmental matters
and compliance with environmental laws and regulations by both its employees and workers of its subcontractors
on, among others, air pollution control, noise pollution control and waste disposal. During the Reporting Year, the
Group did not incur any material costs on environmental compliance.

COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
During the Reporting Year, to the best of knowledge of the Directors, there was no material breach of or non-
compliance with the applicable laws and regulations by the Group that had a significant impact on the businesses
and operations of the Group.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING YEAR
Subsequent to the Reporting Year, the Group entered into an equipment lease agreement (the “2025 Equipment
Lease Agreement”) in relation to the lease of certain equipment for production of PV battery. The lease period is
from 10 September 2025 to 10 June 2028, for a period of 33 months.

The rent payable by the Group to the lessor under the 2025 Equipment Lease Agreement amounts to
RMB108,492,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$115,002,000).

The transaction contemplated under the 2025 Equipment Lease Agreement, when aggregated with the completed
transaction contemplated under the New Equipment Lease Agreements, would remain as a major transaction.
Since the Company has complied with the major transaction requirements in respect of the New Equipment
Lease Agreements, the Company is not required to reclassify the 2025 Equipment Lease Agreement and the New
Equipment Lease Agreements by aggregating them. The transaction contemplated under the 2025 Equipment Lease
Agreement, on a standalone basis, would not constitute a notifiable transaction.

Save as disclosed above, there had been no significant event since the end of the Reporting Year and up to the date
of this annual report.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   25
     Directors’
     Report

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the
     Directors confirmed that the Company had maintained a sufficient amount of public float for its Shares as required
     under the Listing Rules during the Reporting Year and up to the date of this annual report.

     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     No purchase, sale or redemption of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares) was made
     by the Company or any of its subsidiaries during the Reporting Year. As at 31 December 2024 and the date of this
     annual report, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.

     INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
     None of the controlling Shareholders, the Directors or their respective close associates is or was interested in any
     business apart from the Group’s business that competes or competed or is or was likely to compete, either directly
     or indirectly, with the Group’s business at any time during the Reporting Year.

     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     Details of the related party transactions undertaken by the Group, which did not constitute connected transactions
     under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, are set out in Note 34 to the Financial Statements.

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     During the Reporting Year, the Group did not enter into any non-exempt one-off connected transactions or continuing
     connected transactions which should be disclosed pursuant to the requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules.




26   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

SHARE OPTION SCHEME
Pursuant to the written resolutions of the then sole Shareholder on 13 March 2018, the Company adopted a
share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) with effect from 13 March 2018. The terms of the Share
Option Scheme were summarised in Appendix IV to the prospectus of the Company dated 19 March 2018.
Unless otherwise terminated or amended, the Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years
commencing on the date of adoption. As at the date of this annual report, the remaining life of the Share Option
Scheme is approximately three years. The main purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to attract and retain the best
available personnel, to provide additional incentive to employees (full-time and part-time), Directors, consultants,
advisers, distributors, contractors, suppliers, agents, customers, business partners and services providers of the
Group, and to promote the business of the Group. Participants of the Share Option Scheme comprise employee
(full-time or part-time), Director, consultant or adviser of the Group, or any substantial shareholder of the Group, or
any distributor, contractor, supplier, agent, customer, business partner or service provider of the Group who, in the
absolute discretion of the Board, has contributed or may contribute to the development and growth of the Group.
An offer for the grant of options must be accepted within seven days inclusive of the day on which such offer was
made. The amount payable by the grantee of an option to the Company on acceptance of the offer for the grant of an
option is HK$1.00.

The subscription price of a Share in respect of any particular option granted under the Share Option Scheme shall be
a price solely determined by the Board and notified to a participant and shall be at least the highest of: (i) the closing
price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of offer for the grant of
the option, which must be a business day; (ii) the average of the closing prices of the Shares as stated in the Stock
Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant of the option;
and (iii) the nominal value of a Share on the date of offer for the grant of the option. An option may be exercised in
accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a period as the Board may determine
which shall not exceed ten years from the date of grant subject to the provisions of early termination thereof.

As at the date of this annual report, the total number of Shares available for issue under the Share Option Scheme
was 422,400,000 Shares, representing 10% of the entire issued share capital of the Company. The total number
of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of options granted to any participant (including both exercised
and outstanding options) under the Share Option Scheme or other share option schemes of the Company, in any
12-month period up to the date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue. Any further grant of options in
excess of such limit must be separately approved by the Shareholders in a general meeting with such grantee and
his close associates (or his associates if the grantee is a connected person) abstaining from voting.

No share option has been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed since the effective date of the Share Option
Scheme and up to the date of this annual report.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Save as disclosed in this annual report relating to the Share Option Scheme, no equity-linked agreements that (i) will
or may result in the Company issuing Shares; or (ii) will require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or
may result in the Company issuing Shares were entered into by the Company during the Reporting Year or subsisted
at the end of the Reporting Year.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   27
     Directors’
     Report

     DONATION
     Donations made by the Group during the Reporting Year amounted to HK$1,090,000 (Previous Reporting Year:
     HK$660,000).

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Restated Articles and there was no restriction against such
     rights under the laws of Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to
     the existing Shareholders.

     RELIEF FROM TAXATION
     The Directors are not aware of any relief from taxation available to which the Shareholders are entitled by reason of
     their holding of the Shares.

     REMUNERATIONS OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
     Details of the Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 9 to the Financial
     Statements.

     The emoluments of the Directors and senior management of the Group are determined by the remuneration
     committee of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”) with reference to their relevant qualifications,
     experience, competence and the prevailing market conditions. There was no arrangement under which the Directors
     waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the Reporting Year.

     EMOLUMENT POLICY
     The emolument policy of the Group is on the basis of the qualifications and contributions of individuals to the Group.
     The Company has adopted the Share Option Scheme as an incentive to eligible employees, details of which are set
     out in the paragraph headed “Share Option Scheme” above.

     The Directors’ fees are subject to Shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other emoluments are determined
     by the Board with reference to the Directors’ duties, responsibilities and performance, the results of the Group and
     comparable market practices.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Company is committed to maintaining the highest standard of corporate governance practices. Information on
     the corporate governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance Report in this
     annual report.

     DISCLOSURES UNDER RULES 13.20 TO 13.22 OF THE LISTING RULES
     As at 31 December 2024, the Group had no circumstances which would give rise to disclosure obligations under
     Rules 13.20 to 13.22 of the Listing Rules.




28   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Directors’
Report

AUDIT COMMITTEE
The audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) had reviewed, together with the management and
external auditor, the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group and the audited Financial Statements
for the Reporting Year.

AUDITORS
HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited acted as the auditor of the Group for the Reporting Year. The Financial
Statements have been audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, which shall retire in the forthcoming AGM
and, being eligible, will offer itself for re-appointment. A resolution for its re-appointment as the auditor for the
coming year will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM. There has been no change in auditors since the listing date of
the Company.




By Order of the Board

Yu Zhuyun
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

Hong Kong, 31 March 2025




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   29
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     The Board is committed to high standard of corporate governance with a view to safeguarding the interests of the
     Shareholders and achieving accountability as the Group recognises the importance of maximising Shareholders’
     value through effective corporate governance procedures.

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
     The Company had applied the principles and all the applicable code provisions (the “Code Provision(s)”) as set out
     under the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules during the
     Reporting Year. The Directors will periodically review the Company’s corporate governance policies and will propose
     any amendment, if necessary, to ensure compliance with the Code Provisions from time to time.

     During the Reporting Year, the Company had complied with all the applicable Code Provisions of the CG Code,
     except for Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code as explained below:

     Mr. Yu Zhuyun was appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company (the “CEO”) with effect from 30 April
     2020, and is currently serving as both the chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”) and the CEO. Such practice
     deviates from Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code. The Board believes that vesting the roles of both the Chairman
     and the CEO in the same person can facilitate the execution of the Group’s business strategies and enhance its
     operational efficiency. The Board is currently comprised of two executive Directors, two non-executive Directors
     and three independent non-executive Directors, which is appropriately structured to ensure that there is a balance
     of power to provide sufficient checks to protect the interests of the Company and the Shareholders. Therefore, the
     Board considers that the deviation from Code Provision C.2.1 of the CG Code is appropriate in such circumstance.

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY
     DIRECTORS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct for Directors’ securities transactions. In
     response to specific enquires by the Company, all Directors have confirmed that they have fully complied with the
     requirements set out in the Model Code during the Reporting Year.

     The senior management and staff of the Company have been individually notified and advised about the Model Code
     by the Company.




30   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board is responsible for determining the appropriate corporate governance practices applicable to the Company’s
circumstances and ensuring processes and procedures are in place to achieve the Company’s corporate governance
objectives.

The duties of the Board in performing its corporate governance functions under the CG Code include:

1.   developing and reviewing the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and making
     recommendations;

2.   reviewing and monitoring the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior
     management of the Company;

3.   reviewing and monitoring the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
     requirements;

4.   developing, reviewing and monitoring the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to the Directors
     and the Company’s employees; and

5.   reviewing the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.

The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance functions set out in Code Provision A.2.1 of the
CG Code. As at the date of this annual report, the Board had reviewed and monitored (a) the Company’s corporate
governance policies and practices; (b) training and continuous professional development of the Directors and senior
management of the Company; (c) the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements; (d) the Company’s code of conduct and compliance manuals applicable to the Directors and the
Company’s employees; and (e) the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate
Governance Report.

The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on the liabilities of the Directors in respect of any legal
actions taken against the Directors arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage will be reviewed on an
annual basis.

Directors’ Training and Professional Development
All Directors have been updated with the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and other applicable
regulatory requirements to ensure their compliance with these requirements and enhance their awareness of good
corporate governance. All Directors and employees of the Group are encouraged to attend relevant training courses
to keep abreast of the latest market and regulatory changes and developments. The Board may seek independent
professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses, in order to assist and ensure that the
Directors can duly discharge their duties.

In compliance with Code Provision C.1.4 of the CG Code, the Company has allocated and provided funding to all
Directors to participate in continuous professional development organised in the form of seminars and in-house
training and/or relevant reading materials on the latest development of applicable laws, the Listing Rules and
corporate governance practices.

All Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Code Provision C.1.4 of the CG Code. During the Reporting
Year, each of the Directors had participated in continuous professional development by attending seminars, courses
or conferences and reading relevant materials to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   31
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     THE BOARD
     Role and Function
     The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group. It oversees the Group’s strategic decisions and
     monitors its business and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day
     management and operations of the Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects
     of the Company’s affairs, the Board has established three Board committees, including the Audit Committee,
     the nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) and the Remuneration Committee (together, the
     “Board Committees”). The Board has delegated to the Board Committees responsibilities as set out in their
     respective terms of references. Further details of the Board Committees are set out in the paragraph headed “Board
     Committees” below.

     Composition
     As at the date of this annual report, the Board was chaired by Mr. Yu Zhuyun and comprised seven members,
     including two executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. The
     list of Directors is set out in the Directors’ Report in this annual report.

     There is a balance of skills and experience within the Board, which is appropriate for the requirements of the
     business of the Company. Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographies of
     Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report. The Directors and senior management of the Company
     have no financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationship with each other.

     Board Diversity Policy
     The Board has adopted a board diversity policy (the“Board Diversity Policy”), with view to achieving a sustainable
     and balanced development of the Group. In designing the Board’s composition, board diversity has been considered
     from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity,
     professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on
     meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, with due regard to the benefits of diversity
     on the Board. The Board Diversity Policy is reviewed annually by the Board to ensure effectiveness, and revisions
     will be made with the approval from the Board, where appropriate.

     As at 31 December 2024, there is one female Director on the Board. Given the current composition and gender
     diversity of the Board, the Board and the Nomination Committee are of the view that it is not necessary to set
     numerical targets and timeline for achieving gender diversity of the Board for the time being. In the future, the Board
     will continue to pay due regard to the importance of diversity in identifying potential candidates for directorships
     and continue to ensure that gender is one of the factors to be considered in appointing Directors by the Nomination
     Committee. Similar considerations will also be put in place to assess the candidacy of the senior management of the
     Company from time to time.

     The Board also recognises the importance of diversity at the workforce level. As at 31 December 2024, the gender
     ratio of the workforce of the Group (including the senior management of the Company) was approximately 64:36
     male to female.

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     During the Reporting Year, the Company was in compliance with Rules 3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing
     Rules. The Company had three independent non-executive Directors representing more than one-third of the Board,
     and Mr. Wang Wenxing is the independent non-executive Director with appropriate professional qualifications
     and accounting or related financial management expertise. No less than one third of the Directors are subject
     to retirement by rotation at each AGM in accordance with the Restated Articles. None of the independent non-
     executive Directors has served on the Board for more than nine years.




32   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

The independent non-executive Directors are considered by the Board to be independent of the management and
free of any relationship that could materially interfere with the exercise of their independent judgments. The Board
considered that each of the independent non-executive Directors brings his own relevant expertise to the Board
and its deliberations. None of the independent non-executive Directors has any business or financial interests in the
Group nor any relationship with other Directors.

The Company has received a written annual confirmation from each independent non-executive Director of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all independent non-executive
Directors to be independent in accordance with the independence guidelines as set out in the Listing Rules.

All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business
experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. Independent non-
executive Directors are invited to serve on the Board Committees.

Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors
The Company has established the Nomination Committee on 13 March 2018. The Nomination Committee has from
time to time identified individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and made recommendations to the
Board. The main consideration in selecting candidates for directorships is whether their characters, qualifications and
experiences are appropriate for the businesses of the Group.

Each of the executive, non-executive and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a contract for
appointment with the Company for a term of three years and is subject to the termination provisions therein and the
provisions on retirement by rotation of Directors as set out in the Restated Articles.

According to the Restated Articles, any Director so appointed by the Board shall hold office, in the case of filling a
casual vacancy, only until the next AGM or, in the case of an addition to their number, until the next AGM who shall
then be eligible for re-election at such general meeting. Every Director is appointed for a specific term and is subject
to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

In accordance with Article 108(a) of the Restated Articles, at each AGM, at least one third of the Directors for the
time being, or, if the number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one
third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term)
shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-
election.

Nomination Policy
The Board has adopted a nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) on 31 December 2018 which sets out the
criteria and process in the nomination and appointment of Directors, and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance
of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company as well as the Board’s continuity and
appropriate leadership. The Nomination Committee shall identify candidates who are qualified or suitable to become
members of the Board and make recommendations to the Board on the selection of candidates nominated for
directorships. The selection of candidates will be based on a range of selection criteria as set out in the Nomination
Policy, including but not limited to, character and integrity, qualification, potential contribution the candidate can bring
to the Board in terms of qualifications, skill, experience and gender diversity, the candidate’s willingness and ability
to devote adequate time to discharge his/her duties as a member of the Board.

For the appointment of Directors, the Nomination Committee will first identify individual(s) suitably qualified to
become Board members and, where appropriate, assess their independence. Then, the Nomination Committee
will make recommendations to the Board for the Board to consider, having regard to the Board Diversity Policy
and the Nomination Policy. The Board will confirm the appointment of the suitable candidate(s) or recommend the
candidate(s) to stand for election at a general meeting of the Company. The candidate(s) who is/are appointed by the
Board to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the existing Board will be subject to re-election by Shareholders at
the next AGM after initial appointment in accordance with the Restated Articles.


                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   33
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     For the re-appointment of Directors, the Nomination Committee will also consider the retiring Directors based on
     the Board Diversity Policy and the Nomination Policy and, where appropriate, assess their independence before the
     Nomination Committee makes a recommendation to the Board. After the Board considers each retiring director, the
     Board will recommend the suitable retiring director(s) to stand for re-election at the AGM in accordance with the
     Restated Articles. The Shareholders will approve the re-election of Directors at the AGM.

     The Nomination Committee shall review the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board at least annually
     to ensure that it has a balance of expertise, skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate for the
     business of the Company.

     Board Meetings
     Pursuant to Code Provision C.5.1 of the CG Code, the Board should meet regularly and board meetings should
     be held at least four times per year. The Board meets regularly to formulate the Group’s overall strategies as well
     as discuss the Group’s operation and financial performance. Additional meetings would be arranged if and when
     required. Directors may participate either in person or through electronic means of communication. During the
     Reporting Year, there were four Board meetings and one general meetings. The attendance record of each member
     of the Board of the Board meetings and the general meeting is set out below:

                                                                         Meetings attended/       Meetings attended/
                                                                          number of general         number of Board
     Name of Director                                                             meetings                 meetings


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)                                  1/1                      4/4
     Mr. Li Menglin                                                                        1/1                      4/4

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                                                                       1/1                      4/4
     Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                                                        1/1                      4/4

     Independent non-executive Directors
     Dr. Li David Xianglin                                                                 1/1                      4/4
     Mr. Wang Wenxing                                                                      1/1                      4/4
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                                                    1/1                      4/4

     Access to Information
     The Directors may, at the Company’s expenses, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances.
     The Company will, upon request, provide separate independent professional advice to Directors to assist the relevant
     Directors to discharge their duties to the Company.

     The Board is supplied with relevant information by the senior management of the Company pertaining to matters
     to be brought before the Board for decision as well as reports relating to the Group’s operational and financial
     performance before each Board meeting. Where any of the Directors requires more information than is volunteered
     by the senior management of the Company, each Director has the right to separately and independently access the
     Company’s senior management for further enquiries, if necessary.




34   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

BOARD COMMITTEES
In accordance with the Restated Articles and the Listing Rules, the Board has established Board Committees,
namely, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee, for overseeing
particular aspects of the Group’s affairs. All Board Committees are established with defined terms of reference
relating to their respective authorities and duties, which have been approved by the Board and are reviewed
periodically. The terms of reference of the Board Committees are posted on the websites of the Company and the
Stock Exchange, and are available to Shareholders upon request.

Audit Committee
The Company established the Audit Committee on 13 March 2018 in accordance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules
with the written terms of reference (which have been revised and adopted by the Board on 31 December 2018) in
compliance with the CG Code.

The Audit Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Wang Wenxing, Mr. Qiao Xiaoge and Dr. Li David
Xianglin. Mr. Wang Wenxing currently serves as the chairperson of the Audit Committee.

The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee include: (i) making recommendations to the Board on the
appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditors; (ii) reviewing and monitoring the external auditors’
independence and objectivity; (iii) reviewing the effectiveness of the Company’s audit process in compliance with
applicable standards, internal control and risk management systems; (iv) developing and implementing policy on
engaging external auditors to supply non-audit services, and reviewing and monitoring the extent of the non-audit
works undertaken by external auditors; and (v) monitoring the integrity of the financial statements, annual reports
and accounts and half-year reports and reviewing significant financial reporting judgments contained in them.

The Audit Committee has explicit authority to investigate any activity within its terms of reference and the authority
to obtain outside legal or other independent professional advice, if necessary. It is given access to and assistance
from the employees and reasonable resources to discharge its duties properly.

During the Reporting Year, the Audit Committee held three meetings to review the annual and interim financial
results of the Group for submission to the Board for approval, review the internal control and risk management
systems of the Group, oversee the audit process and make recommendations on the re-appointment of the external
auditors. During the Reporting Year and up to the date of this annual report, there had been no disagreement
between the Board and the Audit Committee.

The attendance record of each member of the Audit Committee during the Reporting Year is set out below:

                                                                                             Meeting(s) attended/
Audit Committee                                                                                 Eligible to attend


Mr. Wang Wenxing (Chairperson)                                                                                    3/3
Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                                                                                                   3/3
Dr. Li David Xianglin                                                                                             3/3




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   35
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     Nomination Committee
     The Company established the Nomination Committee on 13 March 2018 in accordance with Rule 3.27A of the
     Listing Rules with written terms of reference (which have been revised and adopted by the Board on 31 December
     2018) in compliance with the CG Code. The Nomination Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Yu
     Zhuyun, Mr. Wang Wenxing and Dr. Zhou Chunsheng. Mr. Yu Zhuyun currently serves as the chairperson of the
     Nomination Committee.

     The primary responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include: (i) reviewing the structure, size, composition and
     diversity of the Board in accordance with the Board Diversity Policy at least annually; (ii) identifying individuals suitably
     qualified to become Board members; (iii) assessing the independence of independent non-executive Directors;
     (iv) making recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating to the appointment or re-appointment of
     Directors and succession planning for Directors; and (v) making recommendations to the Board regarding candidates
     to fill vacancies on the Board and/or senior management of the Company.

     The Nomination Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Year to review the structure, size and
     composition of the Board in accordance with the Board Diversity Policy, assess the independence of the independent
     non-executive Directors and make recommendations to the Board on the proposal of re-appointment of Directors at
     the forthcoming AGM.

     The attendance record of each member of the Nomination Committee during the Reporting Year is set out below:

                                                                                                        Meeting(s) attended/
     Nomination Committee                                                                                  Eligible to attend


     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairperson)                                                                                             1/1
     Mr. Wang Wenxing                                                                                                        1/1
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                                                                                      1/1

     In evaluating and selecting any candidate for directorship, the Nomination Committee would consider the following
     criteria, including but not limited to: his/her character and integrity, qualifications (cultural and educational background,
     professional experience, skills, knowledge and diversity aspects under the Board Diversity Policy), potential
     contributions the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills, diversity and independence, and
     his/her willingness and ability to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/or Board
     committee(s). Upon evaluating a/the candidate(s) for directorship, the Nomination Committee would recommend to
     the Board the appropriate candidate(s) by order of preference (if applicable) based on the needs of the Company for
     the Board’s consideration.

     Remuneration Committee
     The Company established the Remuneration Committee on 13 March 2018 in accordance with Rule 3.25 of the
     Listing Rules with written terms of reference (which has been revised and adopted by the Board on 14 December
     2022) in compliance with the CG Code. The Remuneration Committee consists of three members, namely, Dr. Li
     David Xianglin, Dr. Zhou Chunsheng and Ms. Zhu Yujuan. Dr. Li David Xianglin currently serves as the chairperson of
     the Remuneration Committee.




36   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include: (i) reviewing and making recommendations to the Board
on the overall remuneration policy and structure relating to all Directors and senior management of the Group; (ii)
making recommendation to the Board on the remuneration of independent non-executive Directors; (iii) reviewing
and making recommendations to the Board on other remuneration-related matters, including benefits-in-kinds,
pension rights and the compensation payable to the Directors and the Group’s senior management; (iv) reviewing
performance-based remuneration and establishing a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies
in relation to remuneration; (v) considering the salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and
responsibilities and employment conditions elsewhere in the Company and its subsidiaries; and (vi) reviewing and/or
approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

The remuneration of the Directors and the Group’s senior management is determined with reference to the
responsibilities, the workload, the time devoted and the performance of the Directors and the Group’s senior
management. The Remuneration Committee also ensures that no individual will be involved in determining his/her
own remuneration.

The remuneration of the Group’s senior management during the Reporting Year is listed below by band:

Band of remuneration                                                                                 No. of person(s)


Nil to HK$1,000,000                                                                                                   2

Further details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid individuals is set out in Note 9 to the
Financial Statements.

During the Reporting Year, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting to, among others, review the policy
for the remuneration of executive Directors, assess the performance of executive Directors, approve the terms
of executive Directors’ service contracts, review the remuneration packages of individual Directors and senior
management of the Company and made recommendations to the Board on the above matters.

The attendance record of each member of the Remuneration Committee during the Reporting Year is set out below:

                                                                                               Meeting(s) attended/
Remuneration Committee                                                                            Eligible to attend


Dr. Li David Xianglin (Chairperson)                                                                                 1/1
Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                                                                                      1/1
Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                                                                                  1/1

AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
The Audit Committee is responsible for considering the appointment and re-election of the Company’s external
auditor and reviewing any non-audit functions performed by the external auditors, including whether such non-audit
functions could lead to any potential material adverse effect to the Company.

For the Reporting Year, the remuneration paid/payable to the external auditors, HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng
Limited, in respect of its audit services and non-audit services was approximately HK$1,580,000 and HK$635,000,
respectively. The non-audit services related to assisting in reviewing the disclosure of interim financial report and the
investment circular reporting of the Company and certain subsidiaries during the Reporting Year.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   37
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Mr. Tung Tat Chiu, Michael (“Mr. Tung”), was appointed as the Company Secretary on 3 May 2023. During the
     Reporting Year, Mr. Tung had taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29
     of the Listing Rules. The biography of Mr. Tung is set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
     Management” in this annual report.

     Mr. Tung is an external service provider engaged by the Company as the Company Secretary and Ms. Hu Longzhi,
     the chief financial officer of the Company, will be the key contact person with whom Mr. Tung can contact.

     DIRECTORS’ AND AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     The Directors acknowledge and understand their responsibility in relation to the preparation of the Financial
     Statements and seek to ensure that the Financial Statements are prepared in a manner which give a true and fair
     view of the state of affairs of the Group as a going concern and are in compliance with the relevant accounting
     standards and principles, applicable laws and disclosure requirements under the Listing Rules. In presenting the
     Financial Statements, announcements and other financial disclosures required under the Listing Rules, the Directors
     aim to present a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of the position and prospects of the Group. The
     Directors are of the view that the Financial Statements were prepared on this basis. The Directors were not aware of
     any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern.

     The statement by the auditors of the Group regarding their reporting responsibilities on the Financial Statements is
     set out in the Independent Auditors’ Report in this annual report.

     DIVIDEND POLICY
     The Company has established a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) on 31 December 2018 with an aim to strike
     a balance between maintaining sufficient capital to develop and operate the business of the Group and rewarding the
     Shareholders. According to the Dividend Policy, in deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the
     dividend amount, the Board shall take into account the following factors:

     (a)   the Company’s operating results, actual and expected financial performance;

     (b)   retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

     (c)   the level of the Group’s debt-to-equity ratio, return on equity and the relevant financial covenants;

     (d)   any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders;

     (e)   the Group’s expected working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion
           plans;

     (f)   the Group’s liquidity position;

     (g)   general economic conditions, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal and external factors
           that may have an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

     (h)   any other factors that the Board may deem appropriate and relevant.




38   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

The declaration and payment of dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies
Laws of the Cayman Islands, any applicable laws, rules and regulations and the Restated Articles. The declaration
and payment of future dividend under the Dividend Policy are subject to the Board’s determination that the same
would be in the best interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole. The Board will review the Dividend
Policy from time to time and may exercise at its sole and absolute discretion to update, amend and/or modify the
Dividend Policy at any time as it deems fit and necessary.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the Company’s risk management and internal control systems, and for
reviewing its effectiveness. The Board oversees the Group’s overall risk management and internal control systems
on an ongoing basis. At the same time, the Group endeavors to identify risks (including ESG risks), control impact
of the identified risks and facilitate the implementation of coordinated mitigating measures. The risk management
and internal control systems are compatible with the principles in the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of
Treadway Commission (COSO) — Integrated Framework 2013, which are designed to manage rather than eliminate
the risk of failures in order to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute
assurance against material misstatement or loss.

The Group has established a risk management policy which sets out the process of identification, evaluation and
management of the principal risks affecting the business. Each division is responsible for identifying and assessing
principal risks within itself and establishing mitigation plans to manage the risks identified. The senior management
of the Company is responsible for overseeing the Group’s risk management and internal control activities, attending
meetings with each division to ensure principal risks are properly managed, and new risks are identified and
documented. The Board is responsible for reviewing and approving the effectiveness and adequacy of the Group’s
risk management and internal control systems.

The Company currently does not have an internal audit function. During the Reporting Year, the Company has
engaged an external risk management and internal control review consultant (the “Consultant”) to conduct a review
of the Group’s risk management and internal control covering the period from 1 January 2024 to 31 December
2024. Such review is conducted annually. The scope of the Consultant’s review was previously determined and
approved by the Board and covered internal controls in relation to the Group’s property development and investment
business, property management business, fixed asset management, human resources and payroll management.
The Consultant has reported findings and areas for improvement to the Board. The Board is of the view that there
has been no material risk management and internal control deficiency noted. All recommendations given by the
Consultant will be properly followed up by the Group to ensure that they are implemented within a reasonable period
of time.

The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control systems of the Group and ensuring review of
the effectiveness of these systems has been conducted annually. Several areas have been considered during the
Board’s review, which include but not limited to (i) the changes in the nature and extent of significant risks since the
last annual review, and the Group’s ability to respond to changes in its business and the external environment; (ii) the
scope and quality of management’s ongoing monitoring of risks and of the internal control systems.

The Board, through its review and the review made by the Consultant and Audit Committee, concluded that the risk
management and internal control systems were effective and adequate. Such systems, however, are designed to
manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and
not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss. It is also considered that the resources, qualifications
and experience of the relevant staff were adequate and the training programs and budget provided were sufficient.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   39
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     INSIDE INFORMATION POLICY
     The Group has adopted a policy on disclosure of insider information with the aim to ensure that the insiders are
     abiding by the confidentiality requirements and are fulfilling the disclosure obligations of the inside information.

     WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY
     The Company has put in place a whistleblowing policy (the “Whistleblowing Policy”) which applies to all the
     directors and employees of the Group and any parties who deal with the Group. The policy is designed to provide the
     employees and any external parties with confidential whistleblowing channels to report to the Group the actual or
     suspected illegal activities and misconducts in corporate financial reporting, internal control or other areas.

     Whistleblowers are able to contact the Board directly through the contact method provided on the Company’s
     website. The identity of the whistleblower and all the concerns or irregularities raised will be treated with
     confidentiality and every effort will be made to ensure that confidentiality is maintained throughout the process.

     The Audit Committee, which is responsible for overseeing and monitoring of the Whistleblowing Policy and its
     mechanism, will make decisions on further actions (if needed).

     The Company is also committed to ensuring the protection of the whistleblowers against detrimental or unfair
     treatment.

     ANTI-CORRUPTION
     The Company does not tolerate any corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud or money laundering during the course of
     its business activities. The Company strictly adheres to the relevant regulations and laws, such as the Prevention
     of Bribery Ordinance (Chapter 201 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist
     Financing Ordinance (Chapter 615 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Anti-Unfair Competition Law of the PRC, Criminal
     Law of the PRC, and other laws and regulations related to commercial bribery. The Company has formulated an anti-
     corruption policy (the “Anti-Corruption Policy”) which prohibits all forms of corruption practice by making reference
     to the relevant laws and regulations. The Anti-Corruption Policy forms an integral part of the Company’s corporate
     governance framework, which sets out the specific behavioural guidelines that the employees of the Group must
     follow to combat corruption. The Anti-Corruption Policy is reviewed and updated on a regular basis to align with the
     applicable laws and regulations as well as the industry best practices. All the employees of the Group are informed
     and expected to act with integrity, impartiality and honesty.




40   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Corporate Governance
Report

COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company considers that effective communication with the Shareholders and potential investors is essential
for facilitating investor relations and enhancing their understanding of the Group’s business, performance and
strategies. The Company has adopted the Shareholders’ communication policy with the objective of ensuring
that the Shareholders and potential investors are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and
understandable information about the Company (including financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material
development, governance and risk profile). The Company also recognises the importance of timely and non-selective
disclosure of information, which will enable the Shareholders and potential investors to make informed investment
decisions.

To promote effective communication, the Company maintains the website of www.centralenergy.cn , where up-
to-date information of the Company’s business operations and developments, financial information, corporate
governance practices and other information is available for public access. Latest information of the Group, including
annual and interim reports, announcements and other corporate communications which will be sent to Shareholders
and/or published, are updated on the website of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk ) and the Company
(www.centralenergy.cn ) in a timely fashion.

For procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board, please refer to the subsection headed “Procedures by
which enquiries may be put to the Board” below.

The Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the investor relations policy of the Company.
Having considered that diverse channels of communication have been put in place, the Board is satisfied that an
effective investor relations policy has been properly implemented throughout the Reporting Year.

The forthcoming AGM of the Company will be held on Friday, 27 June 2025. The notice of the AGM, setting out
the details of each proposed resolution, voting procedures and other relevant information, will be sent to the
Shareholders at least 21 days before the date of the AGM.

SHAREHOLDER’S RIGHTS
Procedures for convening general meetings by Shareholders
The Company’s general meeting provides an opportunity for communication between the Shareholders and the
Board. In accordance with Article 72 of the Restated Articles, at any general meeting, a resolution put to the vote
of the meeting shall be decided by poll save that the chairman of the meeting may, in good faith, allow a resolution
be voted by a show of hands. The chairman of the meeting will explain such rights and procedures during the AGM
before voting on the resolutions.

Pursuant to Article 64 of the Restated Articles, Shareholders can make a requisition to convene an extraordinary
general meeting (the “EGM”). The procedure for the Shareholders to convene an EGM are as follows:

1.   any one or more shareholders (the “Requisitionist”) holding, at the date of deposit of requisition, not less
     than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings shall have
     the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary, to require an EGM to be called by the
     Board for the transaction of any business or resolution specified in such requisition; and

2.   such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such
     deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the Requisitionist(s) himself/themselves may do
     so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the Requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of
     the Board shall be reimbursed to the Requisitionist(s) by the Company.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   41
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     Procedures for putting forward proposals at Shareholders’ meetings
     Shareholders are requested to follow Article 64 of the Restated Articles for including a resolution at an EGM. The
     requirements and procedures are set out in the paragraph headed “Procedures for Convening General Meetings by
     Shareholders” above.

     Shareholders are welcomed to suggest proposals relating to the operations, strategies and/or management of the
     Group at Shareholders’ meetings. Proposals shall be sent by written requisition of his/her proposal (the “Proposal”)
     together with his/her detailed contact information to the Board or the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal
     place of business in Hong Kong as set out in the section headed “Corporation Information” in this annual report.

     The request will be verified with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong and upon their confirmation
     that the request is proper and in order, the Board will be asked to include the Proposal in the agenda for the general
     meeting.

     The notice period to be given to the Shareholders for consideration of the Proposal raised by the Shareholder
     concerned at the general meeting varies according to the nature of the Proposal as follows:

     —     at least 21 days’ notice in writing if the Proposal requires approval by way of resolution in any AGM; and

     —     at least 14 days’ notice in writing if the Proposal requires approval by way of resolution in any EGM.

     Procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board
     For matters in relation to the Board, Shareholders may send their enquiries and concerns to the Board by addressing
     them to the Board or the Company Secretary by mail to the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong set
     out in the section headed “Corporation Information” in this annual report.

     For share registration related matters, such as share transfers and registrations, change of name or address, loss of
     share certificates or dividend warrants, the registered Shareholder can contact:

     Branch Share Registrar and Transfer Office in Hong Kong
     Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
     2103B, 21/F
     148 Electric Road
     North Point
     Hong Kong
     Tel: (852) 2153-1688
     Fax: (852) 3020-5058

     SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
     There had been no significant changes in the constitutional documents of the Company during the Reporting Year.




42   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Independent
Auditors’ Report




TO THE MEMBERS OF CENTRAL NEW ENERGY HOLDING GROUP LIMITED
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Central New Energy Holding Group Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 47 to 129, which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2024, and the consolidated statement
of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the
consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements,
including material accounting policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   43
     Independent
     Auditors’ Report

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
     the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters.

      Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter


      Expected credit loss of trade receivables

      Refer to Notes 2.11, 2.14, 3.1, 4 and 23 to the            Our procedures included, amongst others:
      consolidated financial statements
                                                                 •     Discussing with management on the estimation
      The balances of trade receivables as at 31 December              involved in determining the amount of expected
      2024 were approximately HK$956,873,000, which                    credit loss allowance regarding the trade
      were material to the consolidated financial statements.          receivables;
      The Group has applied the simplified approach in
      calculating the expected credit loss for trade             •     Testing the integrity of information used by
      receivables.                                                     management for the assessment, including ageing
                                                                       analysis of trade receivables, on a sample basis, by
                                                                       comparing individual items in the analysis with the
                                                                       relevant underlying documents;

                                                                 •     Testing, on a sample basis, the collection of
                                                                       receivables after the year end from the customers;

                                                                 •     Assessing the reasonableness of the basis and
                                                                       judgement of the management in determining
                                                                       credit loss allowance on trade receivables; and

                                                                 •     Evaluating the competence, capabilities and
                                                                       objectivity of the valuation expert engaged by the
                                                                       management.

     OTHER INFORMATION IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’
     report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
     based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
     we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




44   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Independent
Auditors’ Report

RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR
THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to
cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our
opinion, solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is
not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when
it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate,
they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
     intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   45
     Independent
     Auditors’ Report

     AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS (Continued)
     •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
           the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
           significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
           uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the
           consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
           are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or
           conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
           disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
           events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
           information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group
           financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed
           for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
     timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we
     identify during our audit.

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
     reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
     safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of
     most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
     audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure
     about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated
     in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
     interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Lo Kin Kei.




     HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
     Certified Public Accountants

     Lo Kin Kei
     Practising Certificate Number: P06413

     Hong Kong, 31 March 2025




46   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                          Notes            HK$’000             HK$’000


Revenue                                                                     5              6,032,026         4,028,299
Direct costs                                                                              (5,904,261)       (3,855,486)


Gross profit                                                                                127,765            172,813
Other income and net gains                                                  5               182,699             18,811
(Loss)/gain on fair value changes of investment properties                                  (10,044)             5,185
Gain on disposal of investment properties                                                         –              1,637
Selling expenses                                                                            (19,992)            (9,448)
Administrative and other operating expenses                                                (172,760)           (80,955)
Finance costs                                                               6               (51,385)           (25,190)


Profit before income tax                                                     7               56,283              82,853
Income tax expense                                                          10               (2,185)            (11,564)


Profit for the year                                                                          54,098             71,289


Other comprehensive (expense)/income
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
— Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                         (48,904)            (15,668)
— Reclassification of cumulative translation
    reserve upon disposal of foreign operations                                              13,850                  (78)


Other comprehensive expense for the year, net of tax                                        (35,054)            (15,746)


Total comprehensive income for the year                                                      19,044             55,543


Profit/(loss) for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                     106,393             66,323
  Non-controlling interests                                                                 (52,295)             4,966


                                                                                             54,098             71,289


Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                      90,031             54,125
  Non-controlling interests                                                                 (70,987)             1,418


                                                                                             19,044             55,543


                                                                                          HK Cents            HK Cents

Earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company
— Basic and diluted earnings per share                                      11                  2.52               1.57

Details of dividends are disclosed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   47
     Consolidated Statement of
     Financial Position
     As at 31 December 2024




                                                                       2024        2023
                                                            Notes    HK$’000     HK$’000


     ASSETS
     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                           14     1,306,181    823,590
     Right-of-use assets                                     15        11,516      1,683
     Investment properties                                   16             –    222,310
     Intangible assets                                       17           530      2,989
     Deposits                                                23       117,333    330,996
     Deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy        18             –      3,374
     Deferred tax assets                                     30             –         32


                                                                    1,435,560   1,384,974


     Current assets
     Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss    19             3           8
     Properties available for sale                           20             –      36,200
     Contract assets                                         22             –      92,705
     Trade and other receivables                             23     1,743,307   1,229,460
     Inventories                                             24       157,145     209,772
     Tax recoverable                                                   49,850         634
     Pledged bank deposits                                   25       824,863     405,159
     Cash and bank balances                                  25       265,887     137,372


                                                                    3,041,055   2,111,310


     Total assets                                                   4,476,615   3,496,284


     EQUITY
     Capital and reserves
     Share capital                                           26         2,640      2,640
     Reserves                                                       1,114,116    847,890


     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                   1,116,756    850,530
     Non-controlling interests                                        422,918    460,705


     Total equity                                                   1,539,674   1,311,235




48   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position
As at 31 December 2024




                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                        Notes           HK$’000             HK$’000


LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                        28                 10,397              275
Liabilities for long service payments                                    29                      –            1,104
Borrowings                                                               32                311,529          288,156
Deferred tax liabilities                                                 30                      –            7,185


                                                                                           321,926          296,720


Current liabilities
Contract liabilities                                                     22               50,605             65,269
Trade and other payables                                                 31              872,798            967,744
Lease liabilities                                                        28                1,192              1,601
Borrowings                                                               32            1,668,775            833,149
Tax payables                                                                              21,645             20,566


                                                                                       2,615,015          1,888,329


Total liabilities                                                                      2,936,941          2,185,049


Total equity and liabilities                                                           4,476,615          3,496,284


Net current assets                                                                         426,040          222,981


Total assets less current liabilities                                                  1,861,600          1,607,955

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 31 March
2025:




                         Mr. Yu Zhuyun                                          Mr. Li Menglin
                             Director                                              Director




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   49
     Consolidated Statement of
     Changes in Equity
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                                      Non-
                                                 Share       Share     Merger Contributed        Other Translation         Retained             controlling       Total
                                                capital   premium     reserve     surplus      reserve     reserve         earnings   Sub-total   interests      equity
                                               HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000
                                              (Note 26)              (Note (a))               (Note (b))  (Note (c))

     Balance at 1 January 2023                   2,640      88,276    11,010            –            –           (5,719)     92,085    188,292         (119)    188,173
     Profit for the year                             –           –         –            –            –                –      66,323     66,323        4,966      71,289
     Other comprehensive expense
       Exchange differences arising on
          translation of foreign operations          –           –         –            –            –       (12,120)             –     (12,120)     (3,548)     (15,668)
       Reclassification of cumulative
          translation reserve upon disposal
          and deregistration of foreign
          operations                                 –           –         –            –            –              (78)          –         (78)          –          (78)

     Total comprehensive (expense)/income
       for the year                                  –           –         –            –            –       (12,198)        66,323     54,125        1,418      55,543
     Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 36)              –           –         –            –            –             –              –          –         (489)       (489)
     Deregistration of subsidiaries                  –           –         –            –            –             –              –          –         (135)       (135)
     Deemed disposal of partial interest in
       a subsidiary without losing control
       (Note 12)                                     –           –         –            –      309,970                –           –    309,970      460,030     770,000
     Deemed contribution from a
       shareholder from extinguished loans           –           –         –      298,143            –                –           –    298,143            –     298,143

     Balance at 31 December 2023 and
       1 January 2024                            2,640      88,276    11,010      298,143      309,970       (17,917)       158,408    850,530      460,705    1,311,235


     Profit/(loss) for the year                      –           –         –            –            –                –     106,393    106,393      (52,295)     54,098

     Other comprehensive (expense)/income
       Exchange differences arising on
         translation of foreign operations           –           –         –            –            –       (30,212)             –     (30,212)    (18,692)     (48,904)
       Reclassification of cumulative
         translation reserve upon disposal
         and deregistration of foreign
         operations                                  –           –         –            –            –           13,850           –     13,850            –      13,850

     Total comprehensive (expense)/income
       for the year                                  –           –         –            –            –       (16,362)       106,393     90,031      (70,987)     19,044
     Deregistration of subsidiaries                  –           –         –            –            –             –              –          –          798         798
     Deemed contribution from a shareholder
       from extinguished loans                       –           –         –      176,195            –                –           –    176,195            –     176,195
     Capital contributions from
       non-controlling interests                     –           –         –            –            –                –           –           –      32,402      32,402

     Balance at 31 December 2024                 2,640      88,276    11,010      474,338      309,970       (34,279)       264,801   1,116,756     422,918    1,539,674

     Notes:

     (a)       The merger reserve represents the reserve arose pursuant to the reorganisation for the purpose of listing the shares of the Company.

     (b)       The other reserve represents the difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted and the consideration
               received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company regarding the changes in the Group’s ownership interests in
               the subsidiary that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiary.

     (c)       The translation reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations.



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

50   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Consolidated Statement of
Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                         2024                  2023
                                                                        Notes          HK$’000               HK$’000


Cash flows from operating activities
Net cash used in operations                                              33a           (367,167)          (1,000,285)
Income tax paid                                                                         (30,111)              (1,662)
Income tax refunded                                                                          87                  209


Net cash used in operating activities                                                  (397,191)          (1,001,738)


Cash flows from investing activities
Interest received                                                                            9,864              1,381
Proceeds on disposal of financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                                                      –                  877
Proceeds on disposal of investment properties                                                 –                7,821
Net cash inflow from disposal of subsidiaries, net of cash disposed                      19,348                8,847
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                                         –                    (7)
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                             (694,884)            (766,928)
Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                    19,004                     –
Acquired assets through acquisition of a subsidiary                                        (530)                    –


Net cash used in investing activities                                                  (647,198)            (748,009)


Cash flows from financing activities
Interest paid                                                                              (51,385)           (25,190)
Proceeds on disposal of partial interest in a subsidiary without
  losing control                                                                              –              385,000
Advanced from related companies                                                         213,300                      –
Capital contributions from non-controlling interests                                     32,402                      –
Repayments to related companies                                                               –               (91,901)
Repayments of borrowings                                                             (1,633,492)            (105,614)
New loans raised                                                                      2,627,883            1,146,810
Principal elements of lease payments                                                     (1,839)                (1,380)


Net cash generated from financing activities                                          1,186,869            1,307,725


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                       142,480          (442,022)

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                                         137,372           613,996
Effects of foreign exchange rate changes                                                   (13,965)           (34,602)


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                               265,887           137,372


Analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents
Cash and bank balances                                                   25                265,887           137,372



The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   51
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     1.    GENERAL INFORMATION
           The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 29 March 2017 as an exempted company with
           limited liability under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and its shares (the “Shares”) have been listed
           on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) with effect from 29 March 2018. As
           at 31 December 2024, its parent and ultimate holding company is Central Culture Resource Group Limited,
           a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) with limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. Yu
           Zhuyun (“Mr. Yu”), the controlling shareholder of the Company.

           The Company’s registered office address is Windward 3, Regatta Office Park, PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman
           KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, and the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong is Unit 2102–03 &
           10–12, 21/F, K. Wah Centre, 191 Java Road, North Point, Hong Kong. The Company is an investment holding
           company. The Group is principally engaged in the business of (i) new energy and engineering, procurement,
           and construction (“EPC”); (ii) green building and construction related business in Hong Kong and the People’s
           Republic of China (the “PRC”); (iii) smart energy management services; (iv) health and wellness; and (v) food
           and beverage (“F&B”) supply chain.

           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), unless otherwise stated.

     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set
           out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the current year and prior year presented, unless
           otherwise stated.

           2.1 Basis of preparation
                  The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong
                  Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
                  Accountants (“HKICPA”). For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements,
                  information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made
                  by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required
                  by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (the “Listing
                  Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The consolidated financial statements have been
                  prepared under the historical cost convention, except as otherwise stated in the accounting policies
                  below.

                  The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKFRSs requires the use
                  of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the
                  process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement
                  or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial
                  statements, are disclosed in Note 4.

           2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
                  (i)   Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
                        In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the
                        HKICPA for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after
                        1 January 2024 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

                        Amendments to HKFRS 16                            Lease Liabilities in a Sale and Leaseback
                        Amendments to HKAS 1                              Classification of Liabilities as Current or
                                                                            Non-current and related amendments to
                                                                            Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)
                        Amendments to HKAS 1                              Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                        Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                  Supplier Finance Arrangements


52   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (Continued)
             (i)    Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year (Continued)
                    Except as described below, the application of the amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has
                    had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current year and
                    prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

                    Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-
                    current and related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020) (the “2020 Amendments”)
                    and Amendments to HKAS 1 Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)

                    The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current,
                    including what is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the
                    end of the reporting period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity
                    will exercise its right to defer settlement. The amendments also clarify that a liability can be settled
                    in its own equity instruments, and that only if a conversion option in a convertible liability is itself
                    accounted for as an equity instrument would the terms of a liability not impact its classification.
                    The 2022 Amendments further clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from a loan
                    arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect
                    the classification of that liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are required for
                    noncurrent liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12
                    months after the reporting period.

                    The Group has reassessed the terms and conditions of its liabilities as at 1 January 2023 and 31
                    December 2023 and concluded that the classification of its liabilities as current or noncurrent
                    remained unchanged upon initial application of the amendments. Accordingly, the amendments did
                    not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.

             (ii)   New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
                    The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been
                    issued but are not yet effective:

                    Amendments to HKFRS 9 and                   Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                     HKFRS 7                                      Financial Instruments3
                    Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                     HKAS 28                                      Associate or Joint Venture1
                    Amendments to HKFRS                         Annual Improvement to HKFRS Accounting Standards —
                     Accounting Standards                         Volume 113
                    Amendments to HKAS 21                       Lack of Exchangeability2
                    HKFRS 18                                    Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements4

                    1
                          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
                    2
                          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.
                    3
                          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026.
                    4
                          Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027.


                    The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all new and amendments to HKFRSs
                    will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.




                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   53
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.3 Principles of consolidation
                  2.3.1 Subsidiaries
                        Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The
                        Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
                        involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
                        entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group.
                        They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.

                        The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations by the Group.

                        Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                        companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                        evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been
                        changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                        Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
                        consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the statement of
                        changes in equity and the consolidated statement of financial position, respectively.

                  2.3.2 Changes in ownership interest in subsidiaries
                        The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control
                        as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an
                        adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect
                        their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to
                        non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve
                        within equity attributable to owners of the Company.

                        When the Group ceases to consolidate for an investment because of a loss of control, any retained
                        interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the change in carrying amount recognised
                        in profit or loss. This fair value becomes the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently
                        accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition,
                        any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are
                        accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may
                        mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit
                        or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs.




54   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.3 Principles of consolidation (Continued)
             2.3.3 Business combination
                   The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration
                   transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities
                   incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group. The
                   consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent
                   consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities
                   assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.

                   The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition
                   basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and entitle their
                   holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation are measured
                   at either fair value or the present ownership interests’ proportionate share in the recognised
                   amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests
                   are measured at their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by
                   HKFRS.

                   Acquisitions failed to meet the definition of business combination are treated as acquisitions of
                   assets and liabilities instead of business combination.

                   Acquisition-related costs are expenses as incurred.

                   The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
                   acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the
                   fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total of consideration
                   transferred, non-controlling interest recognised and previously held interest measured is less than
                   the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the
                   difference is recognised directly in the profit or loss.

             2.3.4 Separate financial statements
                   Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct
                   attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on
                   the basis of dividend received and receivable.

                   Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from
                   these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the
                   period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial
                   statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s
                   net assets including goodwill.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024    55
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.4 Segment reporting
                  Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
                  operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources
                  and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the board of directors that
                  makes strategic decisions.

           2.5 Foreign currency translation
                  Functional and presentation currency
                  Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
                  currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”).
                  The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Company’s functional and the
                  Group’s presentation currency.

                  Transactions and balances
                  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                  prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange
                  gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end
                  exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the
                  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                  Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated statement
                  of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, within “finance cost”. All other foreign exchange gains
                  and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
                  within ‘other income and net gains/(loss)’.

                  Group companies
                  The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a
                  hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
                  translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                  •     assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing
                        rate at the date of that statement of financial position;

                  •     income and expenses for each statement of comprehensive income are translated at average
                        exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of
                        the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at
                        the rate on the dates of the transactions); and

                  •     all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                  Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
                  liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate. Currency transaction differences arising
                  are recognised in other comprehensive income.




56   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.6 Property, plant and equipment
             The property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and
             accumulated impairment losses, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to
             the acquisition of the items.

             Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
             appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow
             to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component
             accounted for as a separate is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance costs are
             charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

             Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost over their estimated useful
             lives or lease term, where applicable, as follows:

             Machinery and equipment                                                                           10%–20%
             Leasehold improvements                                                                                20%
             Furniture, fixtures and office equipment                                                              20%
             Motor vehicles                                                                                        20%

             The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
             reporting period.

             An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
             amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

             Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and
             are recognised in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

      2.7 Investment properties
             Investment property, principally comprising leasehold land, is held for long-term rental yields or for
             capital appreciation or both, and are not occupied by the Group. It also includes properties that are being
             constructed or developed for future use as investment properties.

             Investment property is initially measured at cost, including related transaction costs and where applicable
             borrowing costs. After initial recognition, investment property is carried at fair value. Fair value is based
             on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature, location or condition of
             the specific asset. Changes in fair values are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
             and other comprehensive income within “Gain/(loss) on fair value changes of investment properties”.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   57
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.8 Intangible assets
                  2.8.1 Goodwill
                        Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration
                        transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquirees and the acquisition date fair
                        value of any previous equity interest in the acquirees over the fair value of the identified net assets
                        acquired.

                        For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to
                        each of the cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from
                        the synergies of the combination. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated
                        represents the lowest level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
                        management purposes. The Group’s goodwill is monitored at the operating segment level.

                        Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes
                        in circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of the CGU containing the
                        goodwill is compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair
                        value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised immediately as an expense and is not
                        subsequently reversed.

                  2.8.2 Intangible assets acquired separately
                        Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any
                        subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

           2.9 Impairment of non-financial assets
                  Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for
                  impairment. Assets that are subject to amortisation or depreciation are reviewed for impairment
                  whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
                  An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its
                  recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal
                  and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels
                  for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other
                  than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each
                  reporting date.

           2.10 Properties available for sale
                  Properties available for sale are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of properties
                  available for sale comprises the acquisition cost of land, aggregate cost of development and other direct
                  expenses capitalised. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of
                  business less estimated costs to be incurred in selling the properties.

                  The amount of any write down of properties available for sale is recognised as an expense in the year
                  write down or loss occurs. The amount of any reversal of any write down arising from an increase in net
                  realisable value is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
                  income in the year in which the reversal occurs.




58   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.11 Financial assets
             2.11.1 Classification
                    The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                   •      those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income
                          (“OCI”) or through profit or loss), and

                   •      those to be measured at amortised cost.

                   The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                   contractual terms of the cash flows.

                   For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI.
                   For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the
                   Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity
                   investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).

                   The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
                   those assets changes.

             2.11.2 Recognition and derecognition
                    Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on
                    which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the
                    rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the
                    Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

             2.11.3 Measurement
                    At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
                    financial asset not at fair value through profit of loss (“FVPL”), transaction costs that are directly
                    attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at
                    FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

                   Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                   whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   59
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.11 Financial assets (Continued)
                  2.11.3 Measurement (Continued)
                         Debt instruments
                         Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
                         managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement
                         categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                        •      Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
                               flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
                               Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective
                               interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit
                               or loss and presented in other gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and losses.
                               Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.

                        •      FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial
                               assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are
                               measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the
                               recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and
                               losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the
                               cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss
                               and recognised in other gains/(losses). Interest income from these financial assets is included
                               in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses
                               are presented in other gains/(losses) and impairment expenses are presented as separate line
                               item in the statement of profit or loss.

                        •      FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL.
                               A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised in
                               profit or loss and presented net within other gains/(losses) in the year in which it arises.

                        Equity instruments
                        The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                        management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI,
                        there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the
                        derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in
                        profit or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                        Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) in the
                        statement of profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on
                        equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.




60   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.11 Financial assets (Continued)
             2.11.4 Impairment
                    The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses (“ECL”) associated with
                    its debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied
                    depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                   For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by
                   HKFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the
                   receivables and contract assets.

                   Impairment on other receivables is measured as either 12-month ECL or lifetime ECL, depending
                   on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If a significant
                   increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is
                   measured as lifetime ECL.

                   The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of an asset and whether there
                   has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.
                   To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk the Group compares the risk of a
                   default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial
                   recognition. It considers available reasonable and supporting forwarding-looking information.

                   Especially the following indicators are incorporated:

                   —      internal credit rating

                   —      external credit rating

                   —      actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                          that are expected to cause a significant change to the borrower’s ability to meet its obligations

                   —      actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the borrower

                   Macroeconomic information (such as market interest rates or growth rates) is incorporated as part
                   of the internal rating model.

                   Regardless of the analysis above, a significant increase in credit risk is presumed if a debtor is more
                   than 30 days past due in making a contractual payment.

                   A default on a financial asset is when the counterparty fails to make contractual payments within 90
                   days of when they fall due.

                   Financial assets are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery, such as
                   a debtor failing to engage in a repayment plan with the Group. The Group categorises a loan or
                   receivable for write off when a debtor fails to make contractual payments more than 365 days
                   past due. Where loans or receivables have been written off, the Group continues to engage in
                   enforcement activity to attempt to recover the receivable due. Where recoveries are made, these
                   are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   61
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.12 Offsetting financial instruments
                  Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated financial
                  position where the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and
                  there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The
                  legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal
                  course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Group or the counterparty.

           2.13 Financial guarantee contracts
                  Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The
                  liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:

                  •     the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9 Financial
                        Instruments; and

                  •     the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income
                        recognised in accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers

                  The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash
                  flows between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that
                  would be required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party
                  for assuming the obligations. Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are
                  provided for no compensation, the fair values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of
                  the cost of the investment.

           2.14 Trade and other receivables
                  Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary
                  course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the
                  normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are
                  presented as non-current assets.

                  Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional
                  unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The
                  Group holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore
                  measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for
                  impairment.

           2.15 Cash and cash equivalents
                  In the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits
                  held at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months
                  or less, and bank overdrafts (if any).




62   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.16 Share capital
             Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

             Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
             deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

      2.17 Trade and other payables
             Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course
             of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if the payment
             is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are
             presented as non-current liabilities.

             Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
             cost using the effective interest method.

      2.18 Borrowings
             Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
             settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

             Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
             subsequently carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
             and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
             effective interest method.

      2.19 Borrowing costs
             General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
             production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get
             ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets
             are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

             Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
             on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

             All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the year in which they are incurred.

      2.20 Current and deferred income tax
             The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit or
             loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly
             in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity,
             respectively.

             Current income tax
             The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
             at the end of each reporting period in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable
             income. Management periodically evaluate positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in
             which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on
             the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   63
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.20 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)
                  Deferred income tax
                  Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences, arising
                  between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
                  statements. However, the deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if it arises from initial recognition
                  of goodwill, the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset
                  or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
                  neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws)
                  that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period and are expected to
                  apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred taxation liability is settled.

                  The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is determined
                  assuming the property will be recovered entirely through sale.

                  Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit
                  will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

                  Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset
                  current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes assets and liabilities
                  relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different
                  taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

           2.21 Employee benefits
                  (i)     Employee leave entitlements
                          Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision
                          is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up
                          to the end of each reporting period.

                          Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

                  (ii)    Retirement benefits
                          The Group operates defined contribution plans and pays contributions to privately administered
                          pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Group has no further
                          payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as
                          employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset
                          to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available. There were no
                          forfeited contributions available to offset future employer’s contributions to the schemes.

                  (iii)   Termination benefits
                          Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal
                          retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these
                          benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed to a
                          termination when the entity has a detailed formal plan to terminate the employment of current
                          employees without possibility of withdrawal. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary
                          redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected
                          to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of each reporting period
                          are discounted to present value.




64   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.21 Employee benefits (Continued)
             (iv)   Bonus plans
                    The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses when the Group has a present legal
                    or constructive obligation as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable estimate of
                    such obligation can be made.

             (v)    Long service payments
                    Under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance, the Group is required to make long service payments
                    to its employees upon the termination of their employment or retirement on ground of old age
                    when the employee fulfils certain conditions and the termination meets the required circumstances.
                    Further, where accrued benefits (excluding any part attributable to the employee’s contributions)
                    have been paid to the employee, or is being held in a mandatory provident fund scheme by the
                    employee, which is the case for most of the eligible employees of the Group, the long service
                    payment is offset against the aforementioned amount of benefits to the extent that they relate to
                    the employee’s years of service for which the long service payment is payable.

                    Based on the Group’s past experience and the directors’ knowledge of the business and work force,
                    the Group makes its estimates of its obligations to make long service payments to its employees in
                    the event of termination of their employment or retirement. The Group’s obligations to make such
                    long service payments are recognised in the financial statements as long service payment liabilities
                    at the present value (where the effect of discounting is material) of the long service payment
                    obligations, which are estimated after deducting the entitlements accrued under the Group’s
                    defined contribution retirement scheme that are attributable to contributions made by the Group.
                    Service cost, net interest on the long service payment liabilities (where discounting to present value
                    is adopted because the effect of discounting is material) and premeasurements of the long service
                    payment liabilities are recognised in profit or loss.

      2.22 Provisions
             Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of
             past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the
             amounts have been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

             Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
             settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised
             even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations
             may be small.

             Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the
             obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
             the risks specific to the obligations. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as
             interest expense.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   65
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.23 Earnings per share
                  (i)    Basic earnings per share
                         Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing:

                         •     the profit attributable to owners of the Company, excluding any costs of servicing equity other
                               than ordinary shares

                         •     by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year,
                               adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary shares issued during the year and excluding treasury
                               shares.

                  (ii)   Diluted earnings per share
                         Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basis earnings per share
                         to take into account:

                         •     the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with dilutive
                               potential ordinary shares; and

                         •     the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding
                               assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

           2.24 Contingent liabilities and contingent assets
                  A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be
                  confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within
                  the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised
                  because it is not probable that outflow of economic resource will be required or the amount of obligation
                  cannot be measured reliably.

                  A contingent liability is not recognised but is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial
                  statements. When a change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, it will then
                  be recognised as a provision.

                  A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
                  only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain events not wholly within the control
                  of the Group.

                  Contingent assets are not recognised but are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial
                  statements when an inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually certain, an asset is
                  recognised.




66   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.25 Revenue from contracts with customers
             The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
             the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

             A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or
             a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

             Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
             towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
             met:

             •     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                   performance as the Group performs;

             •     the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                   performs; or

             •     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
                   Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

             Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
             good or service.

             A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that
             the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment
             in accordance with HKFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
             consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   67
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.25 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                  A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which
                  the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

                  A contract asset and a contract liability relating to a contract are accounted for and presented on a net
                  basis.

                  (i)   Foundation works and superstructure building works
                        Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
                        performance obligation
                        Output method
                        The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on
                        output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value
                        of the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or
                        services promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring
                        control of goods or services.

                        Variable consideration
                        For contracts that contain variable consideration (variation order of construction work), the Group
                        estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled using either (a) the expected value
                        method or (b) the most likely amount, depending on which method better predicts the amount of
                        consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

                        The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the
                        extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal
                        in the future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently
                        resolved.

                        At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
                        updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to
                        represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in
                        circumstances during the reporting period.

                        Costs to fulfil a contract
                        The Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract in its construction contracts. The Group first assesses
                        whether these costs qualify for recognition as an asset in terms of other relevant standards, failing
                        which it recognises an asset for these costs only if they meet all of the following criteria:

                        •      the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can
                               specifically identify;

                        •      the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in
                               continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and

                        •      the costs are expected to be recovered.

                        The asset so recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
                        consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate.
                        The asset is subject to impairment review.




68   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.25 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
             (ii)    Sale of properties
                     Revenue arising from the sale of properties developed for sales in the ordinary course of business is
                     recognised when legal assignment is completed, which is the point in time when the customer has
                     the ability to direct the use of the property and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits of
                     the property. Deposits and instalments received on properties pre-sold prior to the date of revenue
                     recognition were included in the consolidated statement of financial position under “contract
                     liabilities”.

             (iii)   Property management services
                     Revenue arising from property management services is recognised over time in the accounting
                     period in which the services are rendered. The Group bills a fixed amount for services provided to
                     the customers and recognises as revenue in the amount to which the Group satisfies performance
                     obligations by transferring the services to its customers.

             (iv)    Trading of construction materials/Sales of healthcare products and healthy food/Sales of
                     agricultures products, food and beverage materials/Sales of smart energy equipments
                     Revenue from sales of goods is recognised when control of the products has transferred, being
                     when the products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled obligations that could
                     affect the customers’ acceptance of the products. A delivery occurs when the products have been
                     delivered to the specific location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the
                     customer, and either the customer has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract,
                     or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

                     A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that
                     consideration is unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment is
                     due.

             (v)     Manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC
                     Revenue from the manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC directly to the
                     customers is recognised at the point that the control of the finished products has passed to the
                     customers, which is primarily upon the delivery of the products to the customers.

             (vi)    Installation of smart energy equipments services
                     The performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the
                     customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Revenue for these services is therefore
                     recognized over-time using output method, i.e. by reference to the progress towards complete
                     satisfaction of a performance obligation of the end of the reporting period, measured based on the
                     completion report signed by the customers.

      2.26 Leases
             Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased
             asset is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance
             cost. The finance cost is charged to consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
             income over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining
             balance of the liability for each period.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   69
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.26 Leases (Continued)
                  Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
                  include the net present value of fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease
                  incentives receivable.

                  Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in
                  the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices. However,
                  for leases of real estate for which the Group is a lessee, it has elected not to separate lease and non-
                  lease components and instead accounts for these as a single lease component.

                  Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
                  conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interest in the
                  leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing
                  purposes.

                  The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot
                  be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental
                  borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds
                  necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment
                  with similar terms, security and conditions.

                  To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

                  •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting
                        point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received,

                  •     uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases
                        held by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing, and

                  •     makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.

                  Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the amount of the initial measurement of lease
                  liability and any lease payments made at or before the commencement date. Depreciation on right-of-use
                  assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to their residual values over their
                  estimated lease period.

                  Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-
                  line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or
                  less.

                  Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
                  measurement of the liability. Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is
                  recognised in income on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining
                  an operating lease are added to carrying amount of the underlying asset and recognised as expense
                  over the lease term on the same basis as lease income. The respective leased assets are included in the
                  balance sheet based on their nature.




70   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      2.27 Dividend distribution
             Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s
             consolidated financial statements in the year in which the dividends are approved by the Group’s
             shareholders or directors, where appropriate.

      2.28 Deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy
             Life insurance policy that can be terminated at any time is determined by the upfront payments plus
             accumulated interest earned and minus the accumulated insurance charge and policy expense charge. If
             withdrawal is made, a pre-determined specified amount of surrender charge would be imposed.

      2.29 Government grants
             Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that
             the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions. Government grants
             relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the profit or loss over the period necessary to match
             them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

      2.30 Interest income
             Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and financial assets at FVOCI calculated using the
             effective interest method is recognised in profit or loss as part of other income.

             Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
             financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit impaired
             financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after
             deduction of the loss allowance).

      2.31 Inventories
             Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories include
             construction materials, agriculture products, food and beverage materials, healthcare products and
             healthy food and smart energy equipments which are determined on a first-in, first-out method and costs
             of inventories include photovoltaic products and EPC which are determined by weighted average method.
             Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all estimated costs of
             completion and costs necessary to make the sale. Costs necessary to make the sale include incremental
             costs directly attributable to the sale and non-incremental costs which the Group must incur to make the
             sale.

      2.32 Related parties
             A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

             (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person:

                   (i)     has control or joint control of the Group;

                   (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                   (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   71
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           2.32 Related parties (Continued)
                  or

                  (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                        (i)     has control or joint control of the Group;

                        (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or
                                fellow subsidiary of the other entity);

                        (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                        (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                                entity;

                        (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group
                                or an entity related to the Group;

                        (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                        (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of key
                                management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                        (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                               services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

                  Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence or
                  be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

     3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
           3.1 Financial risk factors
                  The Group’s activities exposed it to a variety of financial risks: foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk,
                  credit risk and liquidity risk.

                  The Group’s overall risk management programmed focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets
                  and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

                  (i)   Foreign exchange risk
                        The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk primarily arising from monetary assets and liabilities
                        of certain subsidiaries denominated in foreign currencies other than their functional currencies. The
                        currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily HK$, Renminbi and the United States Dollar.




72   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
             (i)    Foreign exchange risk (Continued)
                    The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk
                    arising from forecast transactions or recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other
                    than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate.

                                                                        Assets                         Liabilities
                                                                    2024            2023            2024                2023
                                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000             HK$’000


                    HK$                                                 –*              –         250,931            153,037
                    Renminbi (“RMB”)                                  128           2,064               –                  –
                    United States Dollar (“US$”)                      919           3,405               –                  –

                    *   Less than HK$1,000


                    Sensitivity analysis
                    If RMB has been appreciated/depreciated 5% against the foreign currency and all other variable
                    were held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year would decrease/increase by
                    approximately HK$6,000 (2023: decrease/increase by approximately HK$103,000). No sensitivity
                    analysis is presented for foreign currency fluctuation between US$ against HK$ because HK$ is
                    pegged to US$ and assumed that the rate would not be materially affected by any changes in
                    movement in value of the HK$ against other currencies.

             (ii)   Interest rate risk
                    Other than bank balances with variable interest rate, the Group has no other significant interest-
                    bearing assets. Management does not anticipate significant impact to interest-bearing assets
                    resulted from the changes in interest rates, because the interest rates of bank balances are not
                    expected to change significantly.

                    The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to variable-rates bank borrowings and
                    fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate other borrowings and lease liabilities. The Group
                    is not exposed to significant cash flow interest rate risk. The Group currently does not have interest
                    rate hedging policy. However, the management monitors interest rate exposure and will consider
                    hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arise.

                    Sensitivity analysis
                    The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for
                    variable-rate bank borrowing. It is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 100 basis points in
                    interest rates, with all other variables held constant, the Group’s profit for the year would decrease/
                    increase by approximately HK$632,000 (2023: approximately HK$1,778,000).

                    The Group’s exposure to interest rates on financial liabilities are detailed in the liquidity risk
                    management section of this note.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   73
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                  (iii)   Credit risk
                          Credit risk arises mainly from trade receivables, contract assets, bills receivables, other receivables
                          and deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank balances. The Group’s maximum exposure to credit
                          risk in the event of the counterparties’ failure to perform their obligations as at the reporting dates in
                          relation to each class of recognised financial assets is the carrying amount of those assets as stated
                          in the consolidated statements of financial position.

                          In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible
                          for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that
                          follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. The credit quality of the debtors is assessed
                          based on their financial position, past experience and other factors. The Group has policies in
                          place to ensure credit terms are granted to reliable debtors. In addition, the Group reviews the
                          recoverable amount of each individual debt at the end of each of the reporting period to ensure that
                          adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the management of
                          the Group considers that the credit risk is significantly reduced.

                          As at 31 December 2024, there were four (2023: five) customers which individually contributed
                          over 10% of the Group’s trade receivables. The aggregate amounts of trade receivables from these
                          customers amounted to 74% respectively (2023: 77%) of the Group’s total trade receivables as at
                          31 December 2024.

                          The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there
                          has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.
                          To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a
                          default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial
                          recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information.

                          Trade receivables and contract assets
                          The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits
                          the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables and contract assets. To
                          measure the ECL, trade receivables and contract assets have been assessed collectively using
                          a provision matrix with appropriate groupings based on same risk characteristics and the days
                          past due. The Group has performed historical analysis and identified the key economic variables
                          impacting credit risk and expected credit loss. The ECL also incorporate forward-looking information
                          such as actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions
                          that are expected to cause a significant change to the debtor’s ability to meet its obligations.




74   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
             (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                     Trade receivables and contract assets (Continued)
                     As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the loss allowance for trade receivables and contract assets
                     were determined as follows:

                                                                          1 to 30    31 to 60    61 to 90      Over 90
                                                                             days       days        days          days
                                                              Current    past due   past due    past due      past due       Total

                     31 December 2024

                     Expected loss rate                           –%          –%         –%             –%       13.4%

                     Gross carrying amount —
                       trade receivables (HK$’000)            878,023      45,384     14,952          3,743     17,063     959,165

                     Loss allowance (HK$’000)                       –           –          –              –      2,292       2,292

                     31 December 2023

                     Expected loss rate                        0.36%       0.10%       0.95%      8.59%          100%

                     Gross carrying amount —
                       trade receivables (HK$’000)            723,225       1,022    115,203      19,428         6,881     865,759
                     Gross carrying amount —
                       contract assets (HK$’000)               93,895           –          –              –          –      93,895

                     Loss allowance (HK$’000)                   2,938          1       1,094          1,668      6,881      12,582

                     The estimated loss rate are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected
                     life of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue
                     cost or effect.

                     The Group uses four categories for bills receivables, other receivables and deposits, pledged bank
                     deposits and bank balances which reflect their credit risk and how the loss provision is determined
                     for each of those categories. These internal credit risk ratings are aligned to external credit ratings.

                     The Group’s internal credit risk grading comprises the following categories:

                                                                                                          Basis for recognition
                     Category             Group definition of category                                    of ECL

                     Performing           There have low risk of default and has not been any             12-month ECL
                                            significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition
                     Doubtful             There have been significant increase in credit risk since       Lifetime ECL —
                                            initial recognition                                              not credit impaired
                     Default              There is credit impaired when one or more events that    Lifetime ECL —
                                            have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash    credit impaired
                                            flows
                     Write-off            There is evidence indicating that the debtor is in severe       Amount is written off
                                            financial difficulty and the Group has no realistic
                                            prospect of recovery

                     Bills receivables
                     The internal credit rating of bills receivables were performing. Management has measured the loss
                     allowances of these financial assets at 12m ECL. The Group uses past due information and forward-
                     looking information to assess whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition.


                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   75
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                  (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                          Other receivables and deposits
                          For other receivables and deposits, the management makes periodic individual assessment on
                          the recoverability of other receivables and deposits based on historical settlement records, past
                          experience, and also quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportive
                          forward-looking information.

                          Pledged bank deposits and bank balances
                          The credit risk of pledged bank deposits and bank balances is considered not material as such
                          amounts are placed in reputable banks with high credit rating assigned by international credit-rating
                          agencies. There has been no recent history of default in relation to these banks and thus the risk of
                          default is regarded as low.

                          The movement in the loss allowances for trade receivables, contract assets, bills receivables and
                          other receivables and deposits during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                    Trade              Trade         Contract
                                                                              receivables       receivables             assets                         Other
                                                                            Life-time ECL     Life-time ECL     Life-time ECL            Bills   receivables
                                                                               (not credit            (credit      (not credit    receivables   and deposits
                                                                                impaired)         impaired)         impaired) (12-month ECL) (12-month ECL)
                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


                          As at 1 January 2023                                      1,205            34,796             463                –           1,821
                          Transfer to credit-impaired                                   (6)               6               –                –               –
                          Provision for/(reversal of) loss allowance
                             recognised in profit or loss during the year           3,347            (27,260)           744             832           (1,488)
                          Disposal of subsidiaries                                       –*                –*              –*              –                –*
                          Exchange realignment                                         (35)             (661)            (17)             (8)             (64)


                          As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                 4,511              6,881           1,190            824             269
                          Transfer to credit-impaired                                (181)               181               –               –               –
                          Reversal of loss allowance recognised in
                             profit or loss during the year                             –             (3,704)              –               –               –
                          Disposal of subsidiaries                                 (4,297)              (970)         (1,182)              –            (154)
                          Exchange realignment                                        (33)               (96)             (8)            (30)             (3)


                          As at 31 December 2024                                         –             2,292               –            794             112

                          *       Less than HK$1,000


                          The creation and release of provision for impaired trade receivables, contract assets and bills and
                          other receivables and deposits have been included in administrative and other operating expenses
                          in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. Amounts charged
                          to the allowance account are generally written off, when there is no expectation of recovering
                          additional cash.




76   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
             (iv)   Liquidity risk
                    The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that
                    it maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet their liquidity requirements in the short and long
                    term. Management believes there is no significant liquidity risk as the Group has sufficient financial
                    resources to fund their operations.

                    The following table details the remaining contractual maturities at the end of each reporting period
                    of the Group’s financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
                    interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating based on current rates at the end
                    of each reporting period) and the earliest date the Group may be required to pay:

                                                  On demand      Between     Between                       Total         Total
                                                    or within     one and     two and    More than undiscounted       carrying
                                                    one year    two years   five years   five years  cash flows      amounts
                                                     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000


                    At 31 December 2024
                    Trade and other payables          872,798           –           –            –       872,798      872,798
                    Borrowings                      1,689,363     109,180     152,225       94,483     2,045,251    1,980,304
                    Lease liabilities                   1,773       1,759       5,278        5,363        14,173       11,589


                                                    2,563,934     110,939     157,503       99,846     2,932,222    2,864,691


                    At 31 December 2023
                    Trade and other payables         967,744            –           –            –       967,744      967,744
                    Borrowings                       862,919       53,208     162,855      130,255     1,209,237    1,121,305
                    Lease liabilities                  1,656          276           –            –         1,932        1,876


                                                    1,832,319      53,484     162,855      130,255     2,178,913    2,090,925




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   77
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.2 Capital risk management
                  The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue
                  as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders, to support the Group’s
                  stability and growth; to earn a margin commensurate with the level of business and market risks in the
                  Group’s operations and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

                  In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the number of dividends paid to
                  shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares, obtain new borrowings or sell assets to
                  reduce debt.

                  The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as the debts as at
                  each year end divided by the total equity as at each year end.

                  The gearing ratios of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                                      2024                   2023
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000


                  Debts (Note)                                                                                     1,991,893             1,123,181
                  Total equity                                                                                     1,539,674             1,311,235


                  Gearing ratio                                                                                     129.37%                 85.66%

                  Note: The increase in gearing ratio is primarily attributable to the increase in bank borrowings and lease liabilities. Debt comprises
                         borrowings and lease liabilities as detailed in Notes 28 and 32.


           3.3 Fair value estimation
                  The Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 by level of the
                  inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised into three levels
                  within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

                  •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

                  •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                         either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

                  •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                         inputs) (level 3).




78   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.3 Fair value estimation (Continued)
             (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis
                    Some of the Group’s financial assets are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting
                    period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these financial assets are
                    determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and inputs used).

                                                            Fair value as at
                                                                                                  Valuation                 Significant
                                                                                     Fair value   technique(s)              unobservable
                    Financial assets                        2024             2023    hierarchy    and key input(s)          input(s)
                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000


                    Listed equity securities classified         3               8    Level 1      Quoted bid prices in an   N/A
                      as financial assets at fair value                                            active market
                      through profit or loss

                    There were no transfers between Level 1, 2 and 3 in current and prior years.

             (ii)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair
                    value on recurring basis
                    The directors of the Company consider that the carrying amount of financial assets and financial
                    liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair
                    values.

4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
      Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are continually evaluated
      and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are
      believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
      seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a
      material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed
      below.

      Estimation of recoverability of trade receivables
      The directors of the Company estimate the amount of loss allowance for trade receivable based on the credit
      risk of trade receivables. The loss allowance amount is measured as the difference between the asset’s
      carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows with the consideration of expected
      future credit losses. The assessment of the credit risk of trade receivables involves high degree of estimation
      and uncertainty as the directors of the Company estimates the loss rates for debtors by using past history,
      existing market conditions as well as forward-looking information. When the actual future cash flows are less
      than expected or more than expected, a material impairment loss or a material reversal of impairment loss may
      arise accordingly. For details of impairment assessment are set out in Note 3.1.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024    79
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           Revenue, other income and net gains recognised during the current year and prior year are as follows:

                                                                                               2024              2023
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


           Revenue
           New energy and EPC                                                               4,127,452         2,119,585
           Green building and construction related business                                   898,094         1,340,380
           Smart energy management services                                                    65,863            16,055
           Health and wellness                                                                925,256           409,875
           F&B supply chain                                                                     5,057           133,397


           Revenue from contracts with customers                                            6,021,722         4,019,292
           Rental income                                                                       10,304             9,007


                                                                                            6,032,026         4,028,299


           Other income and net gains
           Interest income                                                                      9,864               1,381
           (Loss)/gain on fair value change of financial assets at fair value
             through profit or loss                                                                (5)                  1
           Gain on disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                –                  81
           Net gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                52,901              11,745
           Net gain on deregistration of subsidiaries                                             148                   –
           Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                 (908)                  –
           Government grants                                                                  116,626               1,998
           Operating lease income                                                               3,074               1,814
           Sundry income                                                                          999               1,791


                                                                                              182,699              18,811

           Government grants of approximately HK$116,626,000 (2023: approximately HK$1,998,000) in respect of
           foreign enterprises and other business incentives from various government authorities in the PRC, which were
           recognised during the year as there were no unfulfilled conditions.




80   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                           2024              2023
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


      Timing of revenue recognition
      Over time                                                                          243,805           271,590
      A point in time                                                                  5,777,917         3,747,702


                                                                                       6,021,722         4,019,292


      Types of services or goods
      Foundation works and superstructure building works                                 113,511           210,926
      Sale of properties                                                                       –             2,271
      Property management services                                                        64,431            44,847
      Trading of construction materials                                                  720,152         1,082,336
      Sales of agriculture products, food and beverage materials                         686,340           133,397
      Sales of healthcare products and healthy food                                      243,973           409,875
      Manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC                         4,127,452         2,119,585
      Sales of smart energy equipments                                                         –               238
      Installation of smart energy equipments services                                    65,863            15,817


                                                                                       6,021,722         4,019,292


      Performance obligations for contracts with customers
      Foundation works and superstructure building works
      The performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the customer
      controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Revenue for these works is therefore recognised over time using
      output method, i.e. based on surveys of the relevant services completed by the Group to date with reference
      to certificates issued by customers or payment applications confirmed by internal surveyor. The directors of
      the Company consider that output method would faithfully depict the Group’s performance towards complete
      satisfaction of these performance obligations in these contracts under HKFRS 15.

      Sale of properties
      Revenue arising from the sale of properties developed for sale in the ordinary course of business is recognised
      when legal assignment is completed, which is the point in time when the customer has the ability to direct
      the use of the property and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits of the property. Deposits and
      instalments received on properties pre-sold prior to the date of revenue recognition were included in the
      consolidated statement of financial position under “contract liabilities”.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   81
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)
           Property management services
           Revenue arising from property management services is recognised over time in the accounting period in which
           the services are rendered. The Group bills the amount for services provided to the customers and recognises
           as revenue in the amount to which the Group satisfies performance obligations by transferring the services
           to its customers. The Group has elected the practical expedient for not disclosing the remaining performance
           obligations for these types of contracts.

           Trading of construction materials/Sales of healthcare products and healthy food/Sales of agricultures
           products, food and beverage materials/Sales of smart energy equipments
           Revenue from sales of goods is recognised when control of the products has transferred, being when the
           products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled obligations that could affect the customers’
           acceptance of the products. A delivery occurs when the products have been delivered to the specific location,
           the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customer, and either the customer has
           accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, or the Group has objective evidence that all
           criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

           A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that consideration is
           unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.

           Manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC
           Revenue from the manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC directly to the customers is
           recognised at the point in time that the control of the finished products has passed to the customers, which is
           primarily upon the delivery of the products to the customers.

           Installation of smart energy equipments services
           The performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the customer
           controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Revenue for these services is therefore recognized over-time
           using output method, i.e. by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance
           obligation of the end of the reporting period, measured based on the completion report signed by the
           customers.




82   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations from contracts with
      customers
      The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as
      at 31 December 2024 and 2023 and the expected timing of recognising revenue are as follows:

                                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000


      Provision of foundation works and superstructure building works
      Within one year                                                                              –          183,380
      Over one year                                                                                –           58,416


                                                                                                   –          241,796

      All property management services and installation of smart energy equipments services are for periods of one
      year or less. As permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not
      disclosed.

      Segment information
      The Group’s operating segments are determined based on information reported to the board of directors of the
      Company, being the chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and
      assessment of segment performance.

      Specifically, the Group’s reportable and operating segments under HKFRS 8 Operating Segments are as
      follows:

      (i)     New energy and EPC — manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC;

      (ii)    Green building and construction related business — provision of piling works, excavation and lateral
              support works, and pile cap construction and building works; development and sale of properties and
              holding of properties for investment and leasing purposes; provision of property management services,
              which include security, cleaning, greening, gardening, repair and maintenance; and supplying of
              construction materials;

      (iii)   Smart energy management services — provision of smart energy management system, which include
              sales and installation of energy-saving lighting, energy-saving equipment and information technology
              development services;

      (iv)    Health and wellness — provision of health and wellness services, which include the healthcare consulting
              and sales of healthcare products and healthy food; and

      (v)     F&B supply chain — provision of agriculture products, food and beverage materials supply chain business.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   83
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           Segment information (Continued)
           Segment revenue and results
           The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and result by operating segments:

           For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                          Green building
                                                                     and    Smart energy
                                             New energy     construction    management          Health            F&B
                                                and EPC related business        services   and wellness   supply chain      Total
                                                HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000


           REVENUE
           Revenue from external customers      4,127,452        908,398          65,863        925,256         5,057    6,032,026


           RESULT
           Segment profit/(loss)                  84,922          (7,260)           162           1,171            47      79,042


           Other income and net gains                                                                                       67,145
           Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                                  (38,519)
           Finance costs                                                                                                   (51,385)


           Profit before income tax                                                                                        56,283




84   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Segment information (Continued)
      Segment revenue and results (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                       Green building
                                                                  and    Smart energy
                                        New energy        construction   management          Health            F&B
                                          and EPC    related business        services   and wellness   supply chain          Total
                                          HK$’000            HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000


      REVENUE
      Revenue from external customers    2,119,585         1,349,387          16,055        409,875        133,397       4,028,299


      RESULT
      Segment profit                        53,366            41,308              95              6          9,777         104,552


      Other income and net gains                                                                                            18,811
      Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                                       (15,320)
      Finance costs                                                                                                        (25,190)


      Profit before income tax                                                                                              82,853

      Segment revenue reported above represents revenue generated from external customers. Inter-segment
      revenue is charged at prevailing market rates.

      The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. Segment
      results represent the profit/(loss) from each segment without allocation of certain of other income and net
      gains, unallocated corporate expenses and finance costs. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the
      purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.




                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   85
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           Segment information (Continued)
           Segment assets and liabilities

                                                                                                   2024              2023
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


           Segment assets
           New energy and EPC                                                                   2,952,469         2,303,966
           Green building and construction related business                                        33,668           557,371
           Smart energy management services                                                        71,690            24,404
           Health and wellness                                                                      3,107                94
           F&B supply chain                                                                         7,843            33,220


           Total segment assets                                                                 3,068,777         2,919,055
           Unallocated corporate assets                                                         1,407,838           577,229


           Consolidated total assets                                                            4,476,615         3,496,284


           Segment liabilities
           New energy and EPC                                                                   2,705,210         1,772,653
           Green building and construction related business                                         2,802           264,391
           Smart energy management services                                                        73,641            18,225
           Health and wellness                                                                        205             1,236
           F&B supply chain                                                                             –            18,811


           Total segment liabilities                                                            2,781,858         2,075,316
           Unallocated corporate liabilities                                                      155,083           109,733


           Consolidated total liabilities                                                       2,936,941         2,185,049

           For the purposes of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources between segments:

           •      all assets are allocated to operating segments other than deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy,
                  certain of right-of-use assets, deferred tax assets, tax recoverable, pledged bank deposits, cash and bank
                  balance and other unallocated corporate assets; and

           •      all liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than tax payables, certain of lease liabilities,
                  deferred tax liabilities, liabilities for long service payments and other unallocated corporate liabilities.




86   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Segment information (Continued)
      Other segment information
      For the year ended 31 December 2024

                                                                       Green building
                                                                                  and
                                                                         construction     Smart energy    Health       F&B
                                                            New energy        related     management          and    supply
                                                               and EPC      business          services   wellness     chain   Unallocated      Total
                                                               HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000


      Addition to non-current assets                           667,328             329             16           –         –        38,640    706,313
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment            136,064           3,926              4           –         –           488    140,482
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                            –               –              –           –         –         1,599      1,599
      Loss on fair value changes of investment
        properties                                                   –         (10,044)              –          –         –             –     (10,044)


      For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                                         Green building
                                                                                    and
                                                                           construction   Smart energy    Health       F&B
                                                            New energy          related   management          and    supply
                                                              and EPC         business        services   wellness     chain   Unallocated       Total
                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000


      Addition to non-current assets                           766,915               8              5           –         –             –    766,928
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment             10,444           6,802              1           –         –             7     17,254
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                            –               –              –           –         –         1,442      1,442
      Gain on fair value changes of investment properties            –           5,185              –           –         –             –      5,185




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024     87
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           Segment information (Continued)
           Geographical information
           The Group’s operations are located in both Hong Kong and the PRC.

           The Group’s revenue from external customers by location of operations and information about its non-current
           assets by location of assets are detailed below:

                                                                         Revenue from
                                                                       external customers                           Non-current assets
                                                                         2024                   2023                  2024             2023
                                                                       HK$’000                HK$’000               HK$’000          HK$’000


           Hong Kong                                                    113,511               187,379                    241           11,110
           The PRC                                                    5,918,515             3,840,920              1,435,319        1,370,458


                                                                      6,032,026             4,028,299              1,435,560        1,381,568

           Note: Non-current assets excluded deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy and deferred tax assets.


           Information about major customers
           Revenue from customers contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000


           Customer I1                                                                                             1,225,209            N/A2
           Customer II1                                                                                                N/A2          483,458

           1
                  Revenue from new energy and EPC.
           2
                  The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group in the respective year.


     6.    FINANCE COST

                                                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000


           Interest on bank borrowings and other borrowings                                                              51,265       25,052
           Interest on lease liabilities                                                                                    120          138


                                                                                                                         51,385       25,190




88   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



7.    PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX
      Profit before taxation has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000


      Auditors’ remuneration                                                             1,580             1,580
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                    140,482            17,254
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                1,599             1,442
      Reversal of impairment losses on trade receivables                                (3,704)          (23,913)
      Provision for impairment losses on bills receivables                                   –               832
      Provision for impairment losses on contract assets                                     –               744
      Reversal of impairment losses on other receivables and deposits                        –            (1,488)
      Rental expense from short-term leases                                             20,045               793
      Cost of properties and other inventories sold recognised as an expense         5,575,515         3,616,051
      Staff costs (including directors’ emoluments)                                    184,483            52,385


8.    EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES, INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000


      Directors’ emoluments                                                              2,277             2,118
      Other staff costs                                                                164,437            47,771
      Retirement scheme contributions
      — defined contribution plan, excluding directors                                  17,769              2,496


                                                                                       184,483            52,385

      The Group operates defined contribution schemes in Hong Kong which comply with the requirements under
      the Mandatory Provident Fund (“MPF”) Schemes Ordinance. All assets under the scheme are held separately
      from the Group under independently administered funds. Contributions to the MPF scheme follow the MPF
      Schemes Ordinance.

      The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries established in the PRC are required to participate in a state-
      managed retirement benefit scheme operated by the PRC government. The Group is required to contribute
      a certain percentage of basic payroll costs to the retirement benefit scheme to fund the benefits. The only
      obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make the required contributions
      under the scheme.

      As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, there were no forfeited contributions available to offset future employers’
      contributions to the schemes.




                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   89
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     9.    BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS
           (a)    Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
                  The remuneration of each director and the chief executive for the years ended 31 December 2024 and
                  2023 are set out below:

                                                                           Salaries,
                                                                        allowances
                                                                          and other                 Retirement
                                                                            benefits Discretionary      scheme
                                                                 Fee         in kind      bonuses contributions            Total
                                                             HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000           HK$’000


                  Year ended 31 December 2024
                  Executive directors
                  — Mr. Yu Zhuyun (“Mr. Yu”) (Note (i))             –            645                –              18        663
                  — Mr. Li Menglin                                  –            591                –               –        591

                  Non-executive directors
                  — Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                                 –            108                –               –        108
                  — Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                  –            108                –               –        108

                  Independent non-executive directors
                  — Dr. Li David Xianglin                        269                –               –               –        269
                  — Mr. Wang Wenxing                             269                –               –               –        269
                  — Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                           269                –               –               –        269

                                                                 807           1,452                –              18      2,277

                                                                             Salaries,
                                                                         allowances
                                                                           and other                       Retirement
                                                                             benefits    Discretionary        scheme
                                                                 Fee          in kind        bonuses     contributions      Total
                                                             HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000


                  Year ended 31 December 2023
                  Executive directors
                  — Mr. Yu (Note (i))                               –            600                –              18        618
                  — Mr. Li Menglin                                  –            550                –               –        550

                  Non-executive directors
                  — Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                                 –            100                –               –        100
                  — Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                  –            100                –               –        100

                  Independent non-executive directors
                  — Dr. Li David Xianglin                        250                –               –               –        250
                  — Mr. Wang Wenxing                             250                –               –               –        250
                  — Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                           250                –               –               –        250

                                                                 750           1,350                –              18      2,118

                  During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors as an inducement to join or upon
                  joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2023: Nil). Neither the chief executive nor any of
                  the directors has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the year (2023: Nil).


90   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



9.    BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
      (a)    Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)
             Note:


             (i)     Mr. Yu is also the chief executive officer of the Company and his emoluments disclosed above including these for services
                     rendered by him as the chief executive officer.


      (b) Five highest paid individuals
             Of the five individuals with the highest in the Group, none (2023: none) were directors, whose
             emoluments are disclosed above. The emoluments paid to the remaining five (2023: five) individuals were
             as follows:

                                                                                                              2024                 2023
                                                                                                            HK$’000              HK$’000


             Salaries and allowances                                                                            5,322                4,786
             Discretionary bonuses                                                                                  –                2,846
             Retirement scheme contributions                                                                        –                   97


                                                                                                                5,322                7,729

             The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                                               2024                  2023
                                                                                                        Number of              Number of
                                                                                                        individuals            individuals


             Emolument bands (in HK$)
             Nil–HK$1,000,000                                                                                        2                    1
             HK$1,000,001–HK$1,500,000                                                                               3                    1
             HK$1,500,001–HK$2,000,000                                                                               –                    1
             HK$2,000,001–HK$2,500,000                                                                               –                    2

             During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the above highest paid individuals as (i) an
             inducement to join or upon joining the Group or (ii) as compensation for loss of office as a director or
             management of any members of the Group (2023: nil).




                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024     91
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000


           The PRC Enterprise Income Tax
           — Current tax                                                                                 2,153           11,953

           Deferred tax (Note 30)                                                                           32             (389)


           Income tax expense                                                                            2,185           11,564

           On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
           2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28
           March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first
           HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will
           be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will
           continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

           Hong Kong Profits Tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits for both
           years. No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made for the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023
           as the Group has available tax losses brought forward from prior periods.

           Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the
           EIT Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for both years.

           Pursuant to relevant PRC tax laws and regulations, the annual taxable income of a small low-profit enterprises
           (the “Small Low-profit Enterprises”) that is not more than RMB1 million shall be taxed at a 20% corporate
           income tax rate on 12.5% (2023: 12.5%) of their taxable income amount for the proportion of taxable income
           not exceeding RMB1 million; and taxed at a 20% corporate income tax rate on 50% (2023: 50%) of their
           taxable income amount of more than RMB1 million but not exceeding RMB3 million for the year.

           Taxation arising in other jurisdiction is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdiction.

           The tax charge for the year can be reconciled to profit before tax per consolidated statement of profit or loss
           and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                                        2024              2023
                                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000


           Profit before income tax                                                                     56,283           82,853


           Calculated at the statutory tax rate of 16.5% (2023: 16.5%)                                   9,287           13,670
           Income not subject to tax                                                                   (43,761)           (7,176)
           Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                     29,813             2,091
           Tax concession                                                                                  (13)             (258)
           Effect of PRC land appreciation tax                                                               –               856
           Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognised                             20,120             2,101
           Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                         (27,356)             (808)
           Effect of different taxation rates in other jurisdictions                                    14,095             1,088


           Income tax expense                                                                            2,185           11,564




92   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



11. EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000


      Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                                                      106,393                66,323
                                                                                                                            ’000                  ’000

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
       calculating basic earnings per share                                                                            4,224,000           4,224,000
                                                                                                                        HK cent              HK cent

      Basic earnings per share                                                                                              2.52                  1.57

      No diluted earnings per share is presented for both years as there was no potential ordinary share outstanding.

12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
      Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are set out as follows:

                                           Place of incorporation/                                Issued and fully
                                           operation and                                          paid-up capital/
      Name                                 kind of legal entity       Principal activities        registered capital        Percentage of interest held
                                                                                                                                  2024              2023

      中環低碳(安徽)新能源光伏科技                  PRC, limited                   Provision of new energy     Registered capital            53.33%           53.33%
        有限公司                             liability company              and EPC                     RMB80,000,000             (indirect)        (indirect)
      Zhonghuan Low Carbon (Anhui) New
        Energy Photovoltaic Technology
        Co. Ltd. “Zhonghuan Low
        Carbon (Anhui) New Energy”

      中環低碳(安徽)新能源光伏組件                  PRC, limited                   Provision of new energy     Registered capital            53.33%           53.33%
        科技有限公司                           liability company              and EPC                     RMB100,000,000            (indirect)        (indirect)
      Zhonghuan Low Carbon (Anhui)
        New Energy Photovoltaic Module
        Technology Co., Ltd
        “Photovoltaic Module”

      中環新能(安徽)先進电池制造                   PRC, limited                   Provision of new energy     Registered capital            53.33%           53.33%
        有限公司                             liability company              and EPC                     RMB100,000,000            (indirect)        (indirect)
      Zhonghuan Xin Neng (Anhui)
        Advanced Battery Manufacturing
        Co. Ltd.

      中環低碳(鳳台)新能源科技有限公司 PRC, limited                                  Provision of new energy     Registered capital              100%             100%
      Zhonghuan Low Carbon (Fengtai)    liability company               and EPC                     RMB30,000,000             (indirect)        (indirect)
        New Energy Technology Co. Ltd.*

      中環數科(江蘇)智能科技有限公司                     PRC, limited               Provision of smart energy   Registered capital              100%             100%
       Central DigiTech (Jiang Su)           liability company          management services         RMB20,000,000             (indirect)        (indirect)
       Intelligent Technology Inc.*

      Notes:


      (a)      None of the subsidiaries had issued any listed securities at the end of the reporting period.


      *        English translation of the name of a Chinese company is provided for identification purpose only.




                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024       93
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           The table below shows details of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Group that has material non-controlling
           interest:

                                                                           Proportion of ownership
                                                  Place of incorporation     interests and voting
                                                  and principal place of        rights held by         (Loss)/profit allocated to        Accumulated
           Name of subsidiary                     business                 non-controlling interests   non-controlling interests    non-controlling interests
                                                                                2024           2023        2024           2023          2024          2023
                                                                                                         HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000


           Zhonghuan Low Carbon (Anhui)           PRC, limited liability      46.67%        46.67%       (49,916)          5,588      395,225        462,088
             New Energy and its subsidiaries        company

           Individually immaterial subsidiaries                                                                                         27,693        (1,383)
             with non-controlling interests


                                                                                                                                      422,918       460,705

           The non-controlling interests in respect of the others is not material.

           Summarised financial information on subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests
           Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling
           interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup
           eliminations.

           Summarised consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                                           2024                     2023
                                                                                                                         HK$’000                  HK$’000


           Current assets                                                                                              1,808,140                 1,489,569


           Non-current assets                                                                                          1,310,177                 1,108,101


           Current liabilities                                                                                        (1,837,602)             (1,341,397)


           Non-current liabilities                                                                                       (305,027)                (266,156)


           Net assets                                                                                                     975,688                 990,117




94   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      Summarised financial information on subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests
      (Continued)
      Summarised consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000


      Revenue                                                                     2,672,193         1,736,551


      (Loss)/profit for the year/period                                            (106,955)           11,974


      (Loss)/profit attributable to the non-controlling interests                   (49,916)             5,588


      Other comprehensive expense for the year/period                               (36,311)            (7,564)


      Other comprehensive expense attributable to the non-controlling interests     (16,947)            (3,530)


      Total comprehensive (expense)/income for the year/period                     (143,266)             4,410


      Total comprehensive (expense)/income allocated to
        non-controlling interests                                                   (66,863)             2,058

      Summarised consolidated statement of cash flows

                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000


      Net cash inflow/(outflow) from operating activities                          275,392           (654,806)


      Net cash outflow from investing activities                                   (660,759)         (821,850)


      Net cash inflow from financing activities                                    632,018          1,949,675


      Net cash inflow                                                              246,651            473,019




                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   95
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           Summarised financial information on subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests
           (Continued)
           Deemed disposal of Photovoltaic Module
           In May 2023, the Group entered into an investment agreement (the “Agreements”) with an independent
           third party who agreed to subscribe RMB700,000,000 new registered capital of Photovoltaic Module, an
           indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in cash consideration at RMB700,000,000 (approximately
           HK$770,000,000), which represented approximately 46.67% of the enlarged share capital of Photovoltaic
           Module. This resulted in a decrease in the Group’s equity interest in Photovoltaic Module from 100% to
           53.33%. The Group still retains its control over Photovoltaic Module and its subsidiaries, which is then
           accounted for an equity transaction with non-controlling interests. The difference between the consideration
           and the carrying value of net assets disposed of amounting to approximately HK$309,970,000 was recognised
           in equity.

           The effect of the disposal on the equity attributable to the owners of the Company is as follows:

                                                                                                             HK$’000


           Assets and liabilities at the date of deemed disposal                                             985,707


           46.67% equity interest in Photovoltaic Module disposed of                                         460,030

           Less: Consideration received                                                                      (385,000)
           Less: Settlement of other borrowing                                                               (385,000)


           Difference recognised directly in equity                                                          (309,970)


           Net cash inflow arising on disposal:
           Cash consideration received                                                                       385,000


     13. DIVIDENDS
           No dividend was proposed or paid by the Board for the year ended 31 December 2024 (2023: Nil).




96   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                    Furniture,
                                      Machinery                  fixtures and
                                            and     Leasehold           office      Motor     Construction
                                      equipment improvements       equipment      vehicles     in progress         Total
                                        HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000

      Cost
      At 1 January 2023                 101,498           424           1,607       5,527                –        109,056
      Additions                         761,527             –           5,000         401                –        766,928
      Disposals of subsidiaries                –            –              (39)          –               –             (39)
      Exchange adjustments                (8,545)           –              (98)         (6)              –         (8,649)

      At 31 December 2023               854,480           424           6,470       5,922                –        867,296

      Accumulated depreciation
      At 1 January 2023                  21,526           424             429       4,222                –         26,601
      Charge for the year                15,893             –             631         730                –         17,254
      Disposals of subsidiaries                –            –              (31)          –               –             (31)
      Exchange adjustments                   (89)           –              (28)         (1)              –           (118)

      At 31 December 2023                37,330           424           1,001       4,951                –         43,706

      Net book value
      At 31 December 2023               817,150             –           5,469         971                –        823,590

      Cost
      At 1 January 2024                 854,480           424           6,470       5,922                –        867,296
      Additions                         657,880             –           9,704         669           26,631        694,884
      Transfer from construction in
        progress                          12,209        1,610               –            –         (13,819)             –
      Disposals of subsidiaries          (38,075)        (427)           (627)      (5,454)              –        (44,583)
      Disposal                           (20,564)           –            (226)        (398)              –        (21,188)
      Exchange adjustments               (47,110)           –            (480)         (28)           (733)       (48,351)

      At 31 December 2024              1,418,820        1,607         14,841          711           12,079      1,448,058

      Accumulated depreciation
      At 1 January 2024                  37,330           424           1,001        4,951               –         43,706
      Charge for the year               137,862           208           1,980          432               –        140,482
      Disposals of subsidiaries         (31,121)         (428)           (514)      (4,851)              –        (36,914)
      Eliminated on disposals              (847)            –             (31)        (398)              –         (1,276)
      Exchange adjustments               (4,028)           (6)            (79)          (8)              –         (4,121)

      At 31 December 2024               139,196           198           2,357         126                –        141,877

      Net book value
      At 31 December 2024              1,279,624        1,409         12,484          585           12,079      1,306,181

      As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s certain machinery and equipment with a carrying amount of
      approximately HK$601,946,000 (2023: approximately HK$806,645,000) have been pledged to secure the
      Group’s borrowings (Note 32).




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   97
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2024



     15. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
           The Group leases certain properties as office premises and machinery and equipment for its operations. Leases
           contracts are entered into for fixed terms from three to eight years (2023: three years). Lease terms are
           negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.

                                                                                           Machinery
                                                                              Office             and
                                                                           premises        equipment                Total
                                                                            HK$’000          HK$’000              HK$’000


           At 31 December 2024
           Carrying amount                                                       241            11,275             11,516


           At 31 December 2023
           Carrying amount                                                     1,683                  –             1,683


           For the year ended 31 December 2024
           Depreciation charge                                                 1,442               157              1,599


           For the year ended 31 December 2023
           Depreciation charge                                                 1,442                  –             1,442

                                                                                                2024                2023
                                                                                              HK$’000             HK$’000


           Finance costs (Note 6)                                                                  120               138

           Expense relating to short-term leases                                                20,045               793

           Total cash outflow for leases                                                        22,004              2,311

           Addition to right-of-use assets                                                      11,429                  –

           The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for certain office premises and office equipment.

           During the year ended 31 December 2023, the local government provided the properties free of charge for
           supporting the development of the new photovoltaic project in Fengtai County, the PRC. There are no
           unfulfilled and other contingencies attached.

           The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leases assets that
           are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




98   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



16. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                             HK$’000


      FAIR VALUE
      At 1 January 2023                                                                                      229,390
      Disposal of investment properties                                                                       (6,184)
      Net increase in fair value recognised in profit or loss                                                  5,185
      Exchange adjustments                                                                                    (6,081)


      At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                                 222,310
      Disposal of a subsidiary                                                                              (206,296)
      Net decrease in fair value recognised in profit or loss                                                (10,044)
      Exchange adjustments                                                                                    (5,970)


      At 31 December 2024                                                                                            –

                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000


      Unrealised (loss)/gain on properties revaluation included in profit or loss          (10,044)             5,185

      The fair value of the Group’s investment properties located in the PRC have been arrived at on the basis of a
      valuation carried out on the respective dates by Peak Vision Appraisals Limited, independent qualified
      professional valuers not connected to the Group.

      Details of the Group’s investment properties and information about the fair value hierarchy as at the end of the
      reporting period are as follows:

                                                                Fair value as at                      Fair value as at
                                                   Level 3                 2024         Level 3                  2023
                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000         HK$’000               HK$’000


      Investment properties
        located in the PRC                                –                   –         222,310              222,310

      There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 during the year ended 31 December 2023.

      As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s investment properties with a carrying amount of approximately
      HK$222,310,000 have been pledged to secure the Group’s borrowings (Note 32).




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   99
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      16. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

                                                                                                             Relationship of
                                            Fair value   Valuation technique     Significant                 unobservable
            Investment properties           hierarchy    and key inputs          unobservable inputs         inputs to fair value

            At 31 December 2023

            Hotels located in the PRC       Level 3      Income capitalisation   Capitalisation rate 5%      The increase in capitalisation
                                                           method                                              rate, would result in a
                                                                                                               decrease in fair value and
                                                                                                               vice versa.

                                                                                 Market rent per month       The increase in market rent,
                                                                                  HK$34.2 per square metre     would result in a increase
                                                                                                               the fair value and vice versa.

            Properties located in the PRC   Level 3      Income capitalisation   Capitalisation rate 4.5%    The increase in capitalisation
                                                           method                                              rate, would result in a
                                                                                                               decrease in fair value and
                                                                                                               vice versa.

                                                                                 Market rent per month       The increase in market rent,
                                                                                  HK$42.1 per square metre     would result in a increase
                                                                                                               the fair value and vice versa.

            As at 31 December 2023, the fair value was derived using the income capitalisation method, cross-referenced
            with comparable market transactions. The income capitalisation approach is based on the capitalisation of the
            existing rental income at appropriate capitalisation rates that by reference to the yields achieved in analysed
            market sales transactions and as expected by investors.

            In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.




100   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                            Goodwill                 Licence                  Total
                                                                                             HK$’000                 HK$’000                HK$’000
                                                                                              Note (i)                Note (ii)


      At 1 January 2023                                                                             221                  2,848                  3,069
      Exchange adjustments                                                                            (4)                   (76)                  (80)

      As at 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                     217                  2,772                  2,989
      Disposal of subsidiaries (Note 36)                                                           (217)                (2,747)                (2,964)
      Acquired assets through acquisition of a subsidiary                                             –                    530                    530
      Exchange adjustments                                                                            –                    (25)                   (25)

      As at 31 December 2024                                                                           –                   530                     530

      Notes:


      (i)      The carrying amount of goodwill is allocated to the CGU as follows:


                                                                                                                         2024                    2023
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                 HK$’000


               Property management                                                                                             –                    217


               (a)    Provision of property management services


                      During the year ended 31 December 2023, the management performed impairment review for the goodwill. The recoverable
                      amount of the CGU has been determined by a value-in-use calculation based on the cash flow forecast derived from the most
                      recent financial budgets and estimated future cash flows covering a 5-year period as approved by management. The CGU’s cash
                      flows are extrapolated using a steady 2% growth rate. This growth rate is based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and
                      does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. All cash flows are using a pre-tax discount rate of
                      19.27%, that reflect the risks specific to the CGU. No impairment loss was recognised in respect of goodwill allocated to this
                      CGU for the year as the recoverable amount to this CGU exceeded its carrying amount.


      (ii)     The licence represents a second class main contractor in general construction works licence (建築工程施工總承包貳級) in the PRC.


               The licence is considered by the management of the Group as having an indefinite useful life as it is expected to generate economic
               benefit to the Group indefinitely. The licence will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite.


               In November 2024, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party regarding the acquisition of
               a subsidiary at the consideration of RMB500,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$530,000). As at 31 December 2024, the carrying
               amount of the licence is approximately HK$530,000. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the management performed
               impairment review for the licence. The recoverable amount of the licence has been determined by a value-in-use calculation based on
               the cash flow forecast derived from the most recent financial budgets and estimated future cash flows covering a 5-year period as
               approved by management. The CGU’s cash flows are extrapolated using a steady 2% growth rate. This growth rate is based on the
               relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. All cash flows are
               using a pre-tax discount rate of 18.91% , that reflect the risks specific to the licence. No impairment loss was recognised for year as the
               recoverable amount to the licence exceeded its carrying amount.


               As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of the licence is approximately HK$2,772,000. During the year ended 31 December
               2023, the management performed impairment review for the licence. The recoverable amount of the licence has been determined by a
               value-in-use calculation based on the cash flow forecast derived from the most recent financial budgets and estimated future cash flows
               covering a 5-year period as approved by management. The CGU’s cash flows are extrapolated using a steady 2% growth rate. This
               growth rate is based on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant
               industry. All cash flows are using a pre-tax discount rate of 16.31% , that reflect the risks specific to the licence. No impairment loss
               was recognised for year as the recoverable amount to the licence exceeded its carrying amount. In November 2024, the Group
               disposed of the licence to an independent third party through disposal of a subsidiary.


                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024       101
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      18. DEPOSIT AND PREPAYMENT FOR LIFE INSURANCE POLICY
            The Group entered into a life Insurance policy with an insurance company to insure Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin in
            2017. Under the policy, Wise Trend Engineering is the beneficiary and policy holder and the total insured sum
            is US$1,080,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$8,424,000). Wise Trend Engineering is required to pay
            upfront deposits of approximately US$388,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,026,000). Wise Trend
            Engineering can terminate the policy at any time and receive cash back based on the cash value of the policy at
            the date of withdrawal, which is determined by the upfront payments of approximately US$388,000 (equivalent
            to approximately HK$3,026,000) plus accumulated interest earned and minus the accumulated insurance
            charge and policy expense charge. In addition, if withdrawal is made at any time during the first to the
            eighteenth policy year, as appropriate, a pre-determined specified amount of surrender charge would be
            imposed. The insurance company will pay Wise Trend Engineering a guaranteed interest of 3.55% per annum
            for the first year, followed by guaranteed interest of 2% per annum or above per annum for the following years.

            At 31 December 2023, the deposits and prepayments for life insurance policies amounted to approximately
            HK$3,374,000. The deposits and prepayments for life insurance policies are denominated in US$.

            Included in sundries income for the year ended 31 December 2024 was amount of approximately HK$53,000
            (2023: approximately HK$105,000) in respect of income on deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy.

            In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the surrender cash value (including guaranteed interest)
            reported by the financial institution on a regular basis is the best approximation of its fair value, which is
            categorised within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

      19. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000


            Equity securities listed in the United States                                               3                 8

            The fair value of the listed securities are determined based on quoted market bid price available on the relevant
            stock exchange.

            Details of disclosure for fair value measurement are set out in Note 3.3.

      20. PROPERTIES AVAILABLE FOR SALE

                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000


            Properties available for sale                                                               –           36,200

            As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s properties available for sale with a carrying amount of approximately
            HK$36,200,000 have been pledged to secure the Group’s borrowings (Note 32).




102   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



21. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000


      Financial assets
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
        — mandatorily measured at FVTPL                                                               3                  8


      Financial assets at amortised cost
      Trade, bills and other receivables excluding prepayments and
        deposits paid for acquisition of non-current assets                                  1,433,252           990,946
      Pledged bank deposits                                                                    824,863           405,159
      Cash and bank balances                                                                   265,887           137,372


      Total                                                                                  2,524,002         1,533,477


      Financial liabilities
      Financial liabilities at amortised cost
      Trade and other payables                                                                 872,798           967,744
      Borrowings                                                                             1,980,304         1,121,305
      Lease liabilities                                                                         11,589             1,876


      Total                                                                                  2,864,691         2,090,925


22. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000


      Contract assets                                                                                 –            93,895
      Less: Provision for impairment losses                                                           –            (1,190)


      Contract assets — net                                                                          –             92,705
      Contract liabilities                                                                     (50,605)           (65,269)


                                                                                               (50,605)            27,436

      Included in the Group’s contract assets are amount due from a related party of approximately HK$6,440,000 as
      at 31 December 2023.

      The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for work completed and not billed
      because the rights are conditioned on factors other than passage of time. The contract assets are transferred
      to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional. When the Group receives a deposit before services
      are rendered, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the beginning of a contract, until the revenue recognised
      on the relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   103
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      22. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
            Included in contract liabilities as at 31 December 2024 were in relation to the types of service or goods as the
            followings: (i) amounted to approximately HK$397,000 (2023: HK$413,000) for installation of smart energy
            equipments services; and (ii) amounted to approximately HK$50,208,000 (2023: HK$42,369,000) for
            manufacturing and sales of photovoltaic products and EPC.

            Included in contract liabilities as at 31 December 2023 were in relation to the types of service or goods as the
            followings: (i) amounted to approximately HK$6,895,000 for foundation works and superstructure building
            works; (ii) amounted to approximately HK$10,612,000 for property management services; (iii) amounted to
            approximately HK$462,000 for trading of construction materials and (iv) amounted to approximately
            HK$4,518,000 for sales of agricultures products, food and beverage materials.

            As at 31 December 2023, included in contract assets comprises retention receivables of approximately
            HK$25,668,000. Retention receivables represented the monies withheld by customers of contract works fully
            recoverable within 1 year from the date of completion of construction contracts, in accordance with the terms
            specified in the relevant contracts. Generally, upon satisfactory completion of contract work as set out in the
            contract, partial of the retention money of such contract work will be released to the Group, while the
            remaining will be released to the Group upon the expiration of the defects liability period.

            Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities
            The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current year relates to carried-forward
            contract liabilities:

                                                                                                 2024              2023
                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000


            Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities
              balance at the beginning of the year                                               65,269            65,736

            Details of impairment assessment of contract assets for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in Note
            3.1.




104   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



23. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000


      Trade receivables                                                                                           959,165            865,759
      Less: Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables                                                   (2,292)            (11,392)


                                                                                                                  956,873            854,367


      Bills receivables (note (d))                                                                                101,897             89,365
      Less: Provision for impairment losses on bills receivables                                                     (794)              (824)


                                                                                                                  101,103             88,541


      Sub-total                                                                                                  1,057,976           942,908


      Other receivables (notes (e) and (f))                                                                       328,742             36,319
      Deposits                                                                                                     46,646             11,988
      Deposits paid for acquisition of non-current assets                                                         117,333            330,996
      Prepayments                                                                                                 310,055            238,514
      Less: Provision for impairment losses on other receivables and deposits                                        (112)              (269)


                                                                                                                  802,664            617,548


      Total                                                                                                      1,860,640        1,560,456


      Analysed as:
        Non-current                                                                                                117,333          330,996
        Current                                                                                                  1,743,307        1,229,460


                                                                                                                 1,860,640        1,560,456

      Notes:


      (a)      The credit terms granted to customers are varied and are generally the result of negotiations between individual customers and the
               Group. The credit period granted to customers is generally 7 to 270 days (2023: 7 to 270 days).




                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024     105
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      23. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
            Notes (continued):


            (b)    The ageing analysis of the trade receivables (excluding bills receivables) based on payment certificate date/invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                                                                2024                   2023
                                                                                                                            HK$’000                 HK$’000


                   0–30 days                                                                                                 767,746                638,078
                   31–60 days                                                                                                 52,315                  18,414
                   61–90 days                                                                                                100,496                107,292
                   Over 90 days                                                                                               38,608                101,975


                                                                                                                             959,165                865,759




            (c)    Age of trade receivables that are past due but not impaired:


                   As at 31 December 2024, trade receivables of approximately HK$81,142,000 (2023: HK$142,534,000) were past due. Out of the past
                   due balances, HK$14,771,000 (2023: Nil) has been past due 90 days or more and is not considered as in default. Based on past
                   experience and forward-looking estimates, the amounts are considered as recoverable.


            (d)    Bills receivables are received from customers under ordinary course of business. All of the bills receivables are bank acceptance notes
                   with a maturity period within six months.


            (e)    As at 31 December 2024, included in other receivables is a promissory note as consideration received secured by share charge over the
                   entire share capital of Central Property Group Ltd, interest bearing at 8% per annum and repayable at a principal sum of
                   HK$115,000,000 on or before 31 August 2025.


            (f)    As at 31 December 2024, included in other receivables is a promissory note as consideration received secured by share charge over the
                   entire share capital of Steer Vision Limited, interest bearing at 8% per annum and repayable at a principal sum of HK$25,000,000 on or
                   before 31 August 2025.


            (g)    The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.


            (h)    Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables, bills receivables, other receivables and deposits for the years ended 31
                   December 2024 and 2023 are set out in Note 3.1.


            (i)    Transfer of financial assets:


                   The following were the Group’s trade receivables as at 31 December 2023 that were transferred to a financial institution in the PRC by
                   discounting on a full recourse basis. As the Group has not transferred the significant risks and rewards, it continues to recognise the full
                   carrying amount and has recognised cash received on the transfer as other borrowings (see Note 32). These financial assets are carried
                   at amortised cost in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.


                                                                                                                                                      2023
                                                                                                                                                    HK$’000


                   Carrying amount of transferred assets                                                                                              42,334
                   Carrying amount of associated liabilities                                                                                          42,026




106   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



24. INVENTORIES
      Inventories in the consolidated statements of financial position comprise:

                                                                                                             2024                 2023
                                                                                                           HK$’000              HK$’000


      Raw materials                                                                                         39,901                83,787
      Working in process                                                                                    14,682                36,905
      Finished goods                                                                                       102,562                89,080


                                                                                                           157,145              209,772


25. CASH AND BANK BALANCES/PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS

                                                                                                             2024                 2023
                                                                                                           HK$’000              HK$’000


      Cash at banks                                                                                        265,887              137,365
      Cash on hand                                                                                               –                    7


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                            265,887              137,372

      Notes:


      (a)      As at 31 December 2024, pledged bank deposits held at banks of approximately HK$824,863,000 (2023: approximately
               HK$405,159,000) were denominated in RMB, which were reserves provided for bills payables.


      (b)      As at 31 December 2024, included in cash and cash equivalents of the Group was approximately HK$263,658,000 (2023:
               HK$124,453,000) of bank balances denominated in RMB placed with banks in the PRC, which are not freely convertible into other
               currencies.


      (c)      Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024     107
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      26. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                                  Number of                   Share
                                                                                                                     shares                  capital
                                                                                                                       ’000                 HK$’000


            Ordinary shares of HK$0.000625 (2023: HK$0.000625) each

            Authorised:
            At 1 January 2023                                                                                     20,000,000                  50,000
              Effect of share subdivision (Note)                                                                  60,000,000                       –


            At 31 December 2023, 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024                                              80,000,000                  50,000


            Issued and fully paid:
            At 1 January 2023                                                                                       1,056,000                   2,640
              Effect of share subdivision (Note)                                                                    3,168,000                       –


            At 31 December 2023, 1 January 2024 and 31 December 2024                                                4,224,000                   2,640

            Note: An ordinary resolution for the share subdivision was passed at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 20 December
                   2023. The subdivision of each of the existing issued and unissued ordinary share of a par value of HK$0.0025 each in the share capital
                   of the Company into four ordinary shares of a par value of HK$0.000625 each of the Company, has been effective from 22 December
                   2023.


      27. SHARE OPTION SCHEME
            The Company’s share option scheme (the “Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on 13
            March 2018 as to attract and retain the best available personnel and to provide additional incentive to the
            eligible participants under the Scheme.

            Under the Scheme, the directors of the Company may at their absolute discretion and subject to the terms of
            the Scheme, grant options to any employees (full-time or part-time), directors, consultants or advisors,
            substantial shareholder, distributors, contractors, suppliers, agents, customers, business partners or service
            providers of the Group, to subscribe for shares of the Company. The eligibility of any participants to the grant of
            any options shall be determined by the directors from time to time on the basis of the directors’ opinion as to
            their contribution to the development and growth of the Group.

            The aggregate number of the Company’s shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
            granted and yet to be exercised under the Scheme and any other share options schemes of the Company must
            not exceed 30% of the Company’s shares in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under the
            Scheme or any other share options schemes of the Company if this will result in the limit being exceeded. The
            maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Scheme and any
            other share option schemes of the Company as from the adoption date must not in aggregate exceed 10% of
            all the shares in issue upon the date on which the shares are listed and permitted to be dealt in the Stock
            Exchange. The 10% limit may be refreshed at any time by approval of the Company’s shareholders in general
            meeting provided that the total number of the Company’s shares which may be issued upon exercise of all
            options to be granted under the Scheme and any other share options schemes of the Company must not
            exceed 10% of the Company’s shares in issue as at the date of approval of the refreshed limit.




108   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



27. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
      The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each participant
      (including both exercised and outstanding options) under the Scheme or any other share option schemes of the
      Company in any 12-month period up to date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the shares of the Company in
      issue. Where any further grant of options to a participant under the Scheme would result in the shares issued
      and to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such participant (including exercised,
      cancelled and outstanding options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant
      representing in aggregate over 1% of the shares in issue, such further grant must be separately approved by
      shareholders of the Company in general meeting with such participant and his/her close associates abstaining
      from voting.

      Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of their
      respective associates must be approval by the independent non-executive directors of the Company (excluding
      any independent non-executive director who is the grantee). Where any share options granted to a substantial
      shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or any of their respective close
      associates would result in the total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options
      already granted and to be granted (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) under the Scheme
      and any other share option schemes of the Company to such person in any 12-month period up to and including
      the date of such grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue and having
      an aggregate value in excess of HK$5 million must be approved by the Company’s shareholders at the general
      meeting of the Company, with voting to be taken by way of poll.

      The offer of a grant of share options might be accepted in writing within 7 days from the date of the offer. An
      option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Scheme at any time during a period as the
      directors may determine which shall not exceed ten years from the date of grant subject to the provisions of
      early termination thereof. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable on acceptance of the grant of an option
      with a remittance in favour of the Company within such time as may be specified in the offer (which shall not
      be later than 7 days from the date of the offer).

      The subscription price shall be a price solely determined by the board of directors of the Company and notified
      to a participant and shall be at least the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares as stated in the
      Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the offer date; (ii) the average closing prices of the Company’s
      shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the 5 business days immediately
      preceding the date; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company’s share on the offer date.

      The Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing on 13 March 2018, subject to
      early termination provisions contained in the Scheme.

      No share options were granted since the adoption of the Scheme and there were no share option outstanding
      as at 31 December 2024 and 2023.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   109
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      28. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                              2024              2023
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


            Lease liabilities payable:

            Within one year                                                                    1,192             1,601
            Within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years                  1,248               275
            Within a period of more than two year but not exceeding five years                 4,170                 –
            More than five years                                                               4,979                 –


                                                                                              11,589             1,876
            Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
              current liabilities                                                              (1,192)          (1,601)


            Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
             non-current liabilities                                                          10,397              275


      29. LIABILITIES FOR LONG SERVICE PAYMENTS
            Under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance, the Group is obligated to make lump sum payments on
            cessation of employment in certain circumstances to certain employees who have completed at least five
            years of service with the Group. The amount payable is dependent on the employees’ final salary and years of
            service and is reduced by entitlements accrued under the Group’s retirement plan that are attributable to
            contributions made by the Group. The Group does not set aside any assets to fund any remaining obligations.
            The long service payments are paid out from the Group’s cash at banks when such payments are required.

                                                                                                                Total
                                                                                                              HK$’000


            At 1 January 2023                                                                                     681
            Charged to profit or loss                                                                             423


            At 31 December 2023 and 1 January 2024                                                               1,104
            Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                            (1,104)


            At 31 December 2024                                                                                      –




110   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



30. DEFERRED TAX ASSETS/DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
      For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
      and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
      purposes:

                                                                                                          2024                 2023
                                                                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000


      Deferred tax assets                                                                                      –                   32
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                 –               (7,185)


                                                                                                               –               (7,153)

      The components of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statements of financial
      position and the movements during the years are as follows:

                                                          Accelerated           Land
                                                                  tax    appreciation    Right-of-use          Lease
                                        ECL provision    depreciation             tax          assets      liabilities          Total
                                             HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000


      At 1 January 2023 (restated)                  6          (1,981)         (5,730)          (537)              537          (7,705)
      Credited/(charged) to profit or
        loss (Note 10)                           759             894           (1,296)           260               (228)           389
      Exchange realignment                         –               –              163              –                  –            163


      At 31 December 2023 and
        1 January 2024                           765           (1,087)         (6,863)          (277)              309          (7,153)
      Disposal of subsidiaries                   (765)         1,087           6,676               –                  –          6,998
      Credited/(charged) to profit or
         loss (Note 10)                             –               –              –             277            (309)              (32)
      Exchange realignment                          –               –            187               –               –               187


      At 31 December 2024                           –               –               –              –                  –              –

      Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by
      the PRC subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the
      consolidated financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to profits earned by the PRC
      subsidiaries amounting to approximately HK$505,215,000 as at 31 December 2024 (2023: approximately
      HK$492,267,000) as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it
      is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

      At the end of the reporting period, the Group has estimated unused tax losses of approximately
      HK$116,998,000 (2023: approximately HK$87,395,000) available for offsetting against future profits. No
      deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of these estimated unused tax losses due to unpredictability
      of future profit streams. The losses may be carried forward indefinitely.




                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   111
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      31. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                                          2024                  2023
                                                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000


            Trade payables                                                                                               799,335               897,455
            Accruals and other payables                                                                                   73,463                70,289


                                                                                                                         872,798               967,744

            Notes:


            (a)      Payment terms granted by suppliers are generally 7 to 270 days (2023: 7 to 270 days) from the invoice date of the relevant purchases.


            (b)      The ageing analysis of trade payables based on the invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                                                              2024                   2023
                                                                                                                          HK$’000                HK$’000


                     0–30 days                                                                                             609,431               511,033
                     31–60 days                                                                                            115,741               167,300
                     61–90 days                                                                                             24,019                 78,052
                     Over 90 days                                                                                           50,144               141,070


                                                                                                                           799,335               897,455


            (c)      In the Group’s other payables are amounts due to related parties of approximately HK$12,000 as at 31 December 2023, which are
                     non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.




112   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



32. BORROWINGS

                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000

      Bank borrowings — secured                                                    863,023           560,257
      Other borrowings — secured                                                         –            42,026
      Other borrowings — unsecured                                                 180,200            58,000
      Bills payables with full recourse                                            937,081           461,022

                                                                                 1,980,304         1,121,305

                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000

      The carrying amounts of the above borrowings are repayable:

      Within one year                                                            1,668,775           833,149
      Within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years             96,360            37,488
      Within a period of more than two year but not exceeding five years           130,369           134,464
      More than five years                                                          84,800           116,204

                                                                                 1,980,304         1,121,305
      Less: Amount due for settlement within 12 months shown under
        current liabilities                                                     (1,668,775)         (833,149)

      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
       non-current liabilities                                                     311,529           288,156

      The variable-rate bank borrowings of approximately HK$789,390,000 (2023: approximately HK$536,937,000)
      bear interest ranged from one year Loan Prime Rate (“LPR”) plus 0.15% to 1.7% per annum and five years
      LPR plus 0.90% to 1.15% per annum issued by The People’s Bank of China and at HIBOR plus 0.55%. (2023:
      from one year LPR plus 1.55% to 1.7% per annum and five years LPR plus 0.90% per annum issued by The
      People’s Bank of China).




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   113
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      32. BORROWINGS (Continued)
            The effective interest rates of the fixed-rate bank borrowings of approximately HK$73,633,000 (2023:
            HK$23,320,000) bear interest at 3.05% per annum and ranged from one year LPR plus 1.75% and one year
            LPR minus 0.25% per annum issued by The People’s Bank of China (2023: 3.5% to 6.9% per annum).

            As at 31 December 2024, certain banking facilities of the Group were secured by corporate guarantees issued
            by the Company and personal guarantee provided by Mr. Yu Zhuyun, an executive director and the controlling
            shareholder of the Company. As at 31 December 2024, certain assets included in the property, plant and
            equipment of the Group with carrying amount of approximately HK$601,946,000, respectively (2023:
            investment properties, properties available for sale and certain assets included in the property, plant and
            equipment of the Group with carrying amount of approximately HK$222,310,000, HK$36,200,000 and
            HK$806,645,000) were pledged as security for certain of the Group’s bank borrowings.

            The other borrowings amounting approximately HK$180,200,000 are unsecured and non-interest bearing in
            2024.

            The other borrowings amounting approximately HK$42,026,000 are secured by certain trade receivables (Note
            23) and bear fixed interest at 9.3% per annum in 2023.

            The other borrowings amounting approximately HK$58,000,000 are unsecured and bear fixed interest at 5%
            per annum in 2023.

            The Group has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowings during the reporting period.

            Borrowings that are denominated in currency other than the functional currency of the relevant group entities
            are set out below:

                                                                                                 2024              2023
                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000


            HK$                                                                                250,931           153,037




114   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



33. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      a.     Reconciliation of profit before income tax to net cash used in operations

                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000


             Profit before income tax                                           56,283            82,853
             Adjustments for:
             Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                     140,482             17,254
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                 1,599               1,442
             Interest income                                                    (9,864)             (1,381)
             Reversal of impairment losses on trade receivables                 (3,704)           (23,913)
             Provision for impairment losses on bills receivables                    –                 832
             Provision for impairment losses on contract assets                      –                 744
             Reversal of impairment losses on other
               receivables and deposits                                              –              (1,488)
             Loss/(gain) on fair value changes of investment properties         10,044              (5,185)
             Loss/(gain) on fair value changes of FATPL                              5                    (1)
             Net gains on disposal of subsidiaries                             (52,901)           (11,745)
             Net (gains)/losses on deregistration of subsidiaries                 (148)                164
             Gain on disposal of FATPL                                               –                  (81)
             Gain on disposal of investment properties                               –              (1,637)
             Net losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment               908                     –
             Provision for long service payments                                     –                 423
             Finance costs                                                      51,385             25,190


             Operating profit before working capital changes                   194,089            83,471

             Decrease in properties available for sale                               –             2,557
             Decrease in contract assets                                             –             9,839
             Increase in trade and other receivables                          (280,828)       (1,225,556)
             Increase in pledged bank deposits                                (446,732)         (405,159)
             Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                 46,290          (175,744)
             Increase in contract liabilities                                    4,502             1,276
             Increase in trade and other payables                              115,512           709,031


             Net cash used in operations                                      (367,167)       (1,000,285)




                                                                                          Annual Report 2024    115
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      33. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)
            b.     Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

                                                             Amounts
                                                        due to related                      Lease
                                                           companies      Borrowings    liabilities      Total
                                                              HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000


                   As at 1 January 2023                       397,072        499,728        3,256      900,056
                   Finance costs                                     –        25,052          138       25,190
                   Financing cash flow                         (91,901)    1,016,144       (1,518)     922,725
                   Settlement for deemed disposal of
                     partial interest in a subsidiary                –      (385,000)            –     (385,000)
                   Deemed contribution from a
                     shareholder from extinguished
                     loan                                    (298,143)             –             –     (298,143)
                   Exchange adjustments                         (7,028)      (34,619)            –       (41,647)


                   As at 31 December 2023 and
                     1 January 2024                                  –     1,121,305        1,876     1,123,181
                   Finance costs                                    –         51,265          120        51,385
                   Financing cash flow                        213,300        943,126       (1,959)    1,154,467
                   New leases entered                               –              –       11,428        11,428
                   Disposal of subsidiaries                   (31,680)       (94,520)           –      (126,200)
                   Deemed contribution from a
                     shareholder from extinguished
                     loan                                    (176,195)             –            –      (176,195)
                   Exchange adjustments                        (5,425)       (40,872)         124       (46,173)


                   As at 31 December 2024                            –     1,980,304       11,589     1,991,893




116   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



34. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control, jointly control or exert significant influence over
      the other party in making financial or operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
      subject to common control or joint control. Related parties may be individuals or other entities.

      Save as disclosed in Notes 22, 31 and 32 to this report, the Group had the following significant related party
      transactions during the years are as follows:

      i.     The emoluments of the directors and senior executives (representing the key management personnel)
             during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023 are disclosed in Note 9.


35. SURETY BONDS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      Certain customers of construction contracts undertaken by the Group require the Group to issue guarantees for
      the performance of contract works in the form of surety bonds of approximately HK$35,056,000 as at 31
      December 2023. Mr. Ng Wong Kwong, Ms. Ng Chung Yan May and Wise Trend Engineering have
      unconditionally and irrevocably agreed to indemnify to the insurance companies that issue such surety bonds
      for claims and losses the insurance companies may incur in respect of the bonds. The surety bonds will be
      released when the contracts are completed or substantially completed pursuant to the relevant contract.

      As at 31 December 2023, the Group paid a cash collateral of approximately HK$10,750,000 to the insurance
      companies for the issuance of surety bonds and are included in other receivables, deposits and prepayments
      (Note 23).

      The Group, in the ordinary course of its business, is involved in various claims, suits, investigations, and legal
      proceedings that arise from time to time. Although the Group does not expect that the outcome in any of these
      legal proceedings, individually or collectively, will have a material adverse effect on its financial position or
      results of operations, litigation is inherently unpredictable. Therefore, the Group could incur judgements or
      enter into settlements of claims that could adversely affect its operating results or cash flows in a particular
      period.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   117
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      36. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
            For the year ended 31 December 2024
            i.     Disposal of Central Services Group (HK) Co., Limited and its subsidiaries
                   In June 2024, the Group disposed of its entire equity interests of Central Services Group (HK) Co., Limited
                   and its subsidiary (collectively named “Central Services Group”), indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of
                   the Company, for nil consideration to a third party. The aggregated net liabilities of Central Services Group
                   as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

                   Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                   Non-current assets
                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                           39

                   Current assets
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                          7,522
                   Cash and bank balances                                                                               1,281

                   Current liabilities
                   Trade and other payables                                                                           (31,096)
                   Tax payables                                                                                           (109)
                   Borrowings                                                                                           (2,140)

                   Non-current liability
                   Borrowings                                                                                           (5,350)


                   Net liabilities disposal of                                                                        (29,853)

                   Gain on disposal of Central Services Group

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                   Cash consideration received                                                                              –
                   Net liabilities disposed of                                                                         29,853
                   Goodwill                                                                                              (217)
                   Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
                     Central Services Group to profit or loss                                                            (450)


                   Gain on disposal                                                                                    29,186

                   Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Central Services
                   Group

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                   Consideration received in cash                                                                            –
                   Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                             (1,281)


                   Net cash outflow                                                                                     (1,281)



118   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



36. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Continued)
      ii.    Disposal of Steer Vision Limited and its subsidiary
             In August 2024, the Group disposed of the entire equity interests of Steer Vision Limited and its
             subsidiary (collectively named “Steer Vision Group”), direct wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company,
             for consideration of HK$25,000,000 to a third party. The aggregated net assets of the Steer Vision Group
             as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

             Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                                                  HK$’000


             Non-Current assets
             Property, plant and equipment                                                                                            7,551
             Deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy                                                                         3,415

             Current assets
             Contract assets                                                                                                        47,927
             Trade and other receivables                                                                                            16,218
             Tax recoverable                                                                                                           548
             Cash and bank balances                                                                                                    555

             Current liabilities
             Trade and other payables                                                                                                (7,657)
             Borrowings                                                                                                             (58,000)

             Non-current liabilities
             Liabilities for long service payments                                                                                   (1,104)
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                  (322)

             Net assets disposal of                                                                                                   9,131

             Gain on disposal of Steer Vision Group

                                                                                                                                  HK$’000


             Consideration received in promissory note (Note)                                                                       25,000
             Net assets disposed of                                                                                                  (9,131)

             Gain on disposal                                                                                                       15,869

             Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Steer Vision
             Group

                                                                                                                                  HK$’000


             Consideration received in cash                                                                                               –
             Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                                                  (555)

             Net cash outflow                                                                                                          (555)

             Note: The promissory note with principal sum amounted HK$25,000,000 will be settled fully in cash by the purchaser on or before 31
                   August 2025.

                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024      119
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      36. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
            For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Continued)
            iii.   Disposal of 安徽中之環建築工程有限公司 Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction Engineering
                   Co., Ltd* (“Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction”)
                   In October 2024, the Group disposed of its entire equity interests of Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction,
                   an indirect wholly- owned subsidiary of the Company, for nil consideration to a third party. The aggregated
                   net assets of Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

                   Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                                   HK$’000


                   Non-current assets
                   Intangible assets                                                                                  2,747

                   Current assets
                   Contract assets                                                                                   64,315
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                       59,373
                   Tax recoverable                                                                                      111
                   Cash and bank balances                                                                                24

                   Current liabilities
                   Contract liabilities                                                                             (17,154)
                   Trade and other payables                                                                         (74,849)
                   Dividend payables                                                                                (24,852)
                   Borrowings                                                                                         (7,630)


                   Net assets disposal of                                                                             2,085

                   Loss on disposal of Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction

                                                                                                                   HK$’000


                   Cash consideration received                                                                             –
                   Net assets disposed of                                                                             (2,085)
                   Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
                     Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction to profit or loss                                                  119


                   Loss on disposal                                                                                   (1,966)




120   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



36. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Continued)
      iii.   Disposal of 安徽中之環建築工程有限公司 Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction Engineering
             Co., Ltd* (“Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction”) (Continued)
             Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Anhui
             Zhongzhihuan Construction

                                                                                                            HK$’000


             Consideration received in cash                                                                         –
             Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                             (24)


             Net cash outflow                                                                                     (24)


      iv.    Disposal of Central Property Group Ltd and its subsidiary
             In November 2024, the Group disposed of the entire equity interests of Central Property Group Limited
             and its subsidiary (collectively named “Central Property Group”), direct wholly-owned subsidiaries of the
             Company, for consideration of HK$115,000,000 to a third party. The aggregated net assets of the Central
             Property Group as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

             Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                            HK$’000


             Non-current assets                                                                                   –
             Property, plant and equipment                                                                       79
             Investment properties                                                                          206,296

             Current assets
             Properties available for sale                                                                   23,115
             Trade and other receivables                                                                     13,949
             Cash and bank balances                                                                              68

             Current liabilities
             Trade and other payables                                                                        (44,335)
             Dividend payable                                                                                (44,969)
             Amounts due to related companies                                                                (31,680)
             Borrowings                                                                                      (21,400)

             Non-current liability
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                         (6,676)


             Net assets disposal of                                                                          94,447




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   121
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      36. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
            For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Continued)
            iv.    Disposal of Central Property Group Ltd and its subsidiary (Continued)
                   Gain on disposal of Central Property Group

                                                                                                                                         HK$’000


                   Consideration received in promissory note (Note)                                                                       115,000
                   Net assets disposed of                                                                                                  (94,447)
                   Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
                     Central Property Group to profit or loss                                                                             (11,225)


                   Gain on disposal                                                                                                          9,328

                   Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Central Property
                   Group

                                                                                                                                         HK$’000


                   Consideration received in cash                                                                                                 –
                   Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                                                     (68)


                   Net cash outflow                                                                                                             (68)

                   Note: The promissory note with principal sum amounted HK$115,000,000 will be settled fully in cash by the purchaser on or before 31
                          August 2025.


            v.     Disposal of 中環鑫信匯（衢州）貿易有限公司 Zhonghuan Xinxinhui (Quzhou) Trading Co.,
                   Ltd* (“Xinxinhui”)
                   In December 2024, the Group disposed its entire equity interests of Xinxinhui, an indirect wholly- owned
                   subsidiary of the Company, for consideration of approximately RMB20,000,000 (equivalent to
                   approximately HK$21,800,000) to a third party. The aggregated net assets of Xinxinhui as at the date of
                   disposal are set out as follows:

                   Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                                                         HK$’000


                   Current assets
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                                             42,505
                   Cash and bank balances                                                                                                     495

                   Current liabilities
                   Trade and other payables                                                                                               (21,535)
                   Dividend payable                                                                                                         (2,478)


                   Net assets disposal of                                                                                                  18,987




122   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



36. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Continued)
      v.     Disposal of 中環鑫信匯（衢州）貿易有限公司 Zhonghuan Xinxinhui (Quzhou) Trading Co.,
             Ltd* (“Xinxinhui”) (Continued)
             Gain on disposal of Xinxinhui

                                                                                                           HK$’000


             Cash consideration received                                                                     21,800
             Net assets disposed of                                                                         (18,987)
             Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
               Xinxinhui to profit or loss                                                                   (2,333)


             Gain on disposal                                                                                   480

             Analysis of net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Xinxinhui

                                                                                                           HK$’000


             Consideration received in cash                                                                 21,800
             Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                         (495)


             Net cash inflow                                                                                21,305


      vi.    Disposal of 上海中環雲彩萬物供應鏈有限公司 Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai Wanwu Supply
             Chain Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai”)
             In November 2024, the Group disposed its entire equity interests of Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai, an
             indirect wholly- owned subsidiary of the Company, for nil consideration to a third party. The aggregated
             net liabilities of Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

             Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                           HK$’000


             Current assets
             Cash and bank balances                                                                              29

             Current liabilities
             Other payables                                                                                      (33)


             Net liabilities disposal of                                                                          (4)




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   123
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      36. DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
            For the year ended 31 December 2024 (Continued)
            vi.    Disposal of 上海中環雲彩萬物供應鏈有限公司 Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai Wanwu Supply
                   Chain Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai”) (Continued)
                   Gain on disposal of Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai

                                                                                                            HK$’000


                   Cash consideration received                                                                     –
                   Net liabilities disposed of                                                                     4
                   Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
                     Shanghai Zhonghuan Yuncai to profit or loss                                                   –**


                   Gain on disposal                                                                                4

                   Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Shanghai
                   Zhonghuan Yuncai

                                                                                                            HK$’000


                   Consideration received in cash                                                                  –
                   Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                      (29)


                   Net cash outflow                                                                              (29)

                   **   Less than HK$1,000.




124   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



36. DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023
      vii. Disposal of Central Red Phoenix Supply Chain (HK) Limited and its subsidiary (collectively
           named “Central Red Phoenix”)
             In May 2023, the Group disposed of its entire equity interest in Central Red Phoenix Supply Chain (HK)
             Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company, for HK$10,000,000 consideration to a
             third party. The aggregated net assets of Central Red Phoenix as at the date of disposal are set out as
             follows:

             Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                          HK$’000


             Current assets
             Trade and other receivables                                                                     6,973
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       1,312

             Current liabilities
             Trade and other payables                                                                       (6,878)


             Net assets disposal of                                                                          1,407

             Gain on disposal of Central Red Phoenix

                                                                                                          HK$’000


             Cash consideration received                                                                   10,000
             Net assets disposed of                                                                        (1,407)
             Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of Central
               Red Phoenix to profit or loss                                                                    (94)


             Gain on disposal                                                                                8,499

             Analysis of net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Central Red
             Phoenix

                                                                                                          HK$’000


             Consideration received in cash                                                                10,000
             Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                      (1,312)


             Net cash inflow                                                                                 8,688




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   125
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      36. DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
            For the year ended 31 December 2023 (Continued)
            viii. Disposal of 新田鋪(浙江)供應鏈有限公司 Xintianpu (Zhejiang) Supply Chain Co., Ltd.*
                  (“Xintianpu Supply Chain”) and its subsidiary
                   In May 2023, the Group disposed the entire equity interests of Xintianpu Supply Chain and its subsidiary
                   (collectively named “Xintianpu Supply Chain Group”), indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of the
                   Company, for consideration of approximately RMB296,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$324,000) to a
                   third party. The aggregated net assets of the Xintianpu Supply Chain Group as at the date of disposal are
                   set out as follows:

                   Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                                  HK$’000


                   Current assets
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                      2,906
                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                          164

                   Current liabilities
                   Trade and other payables                                                                         (2,326)


                   Net assets disposal of                                                                             744

                   Gain on disposal of Xintianpu Supply Chain Group

                                                                                                                  HK$’000


                   Cash consideration received                                                                         324
                   Net assets disposed of                                                                             (744)
                   Non-controlling interest                                                                            489
                   Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
                     Xintianpu Supply Chain Group to profit or loss                                                    (26)


                   Gain on disposal                                                                                     43

                   Analysis of net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Xintianpu Supply
                   Chain Group

                                                                                                                  HK$’000


                   Consideration received in cash                                                                      324
                   Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                           (164)


                   Net cash inflow                                                                                    160




126   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



36. DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023 (Continued)
      ix.    Disposal of 中之環大健康科技發展(北京)有限公司 Zhongzhihuanda Health Technology
             Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd.* (“Zhongzhihuanda Health”)
             In June 2023, the Group disposed its entire equity interests of Zhongzhihuanda Health, indirect wholly-
             owned subsidiaries of the Company, for nil consideration to a third party. The aggregated net liabilities of
             the Zhongzhihuanda Health as at the date of disposal are set out as follows:

             Analysis of assets and liabilities over which control was lost:

                                                                                                                            HK$’000


             Non-current assets
             Property, plant and equipment                                                                                          8



             Current assets
             Trade and other receivables                                                                                       1,052
             Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                             1

             Current liabilities
             Trade and other payables                                                                                         (4,043)


             Net liabilities disposal of                                                                                      (2,982)

             Gain on disposal of Zhongzhihuanda Health

                                                                                                                            HK$’000


             Cash consideration received                                                                                           –
             Net liabilities disposed of                                                                                       2,982
             Reclassification of cumulative translation reserve upon disposal of
               Zhongzhihuanda Health to profit or loss                                                                           221


             Gain on disposal                                                                                                  3,203

             Analysis of net outflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of Zhongzhihuanda
             Health

                                                                                                                            HK$’000


             Consideration received in cash                                                                                         –
             Less: cash and cash equivalents disposed                                                                              (1)


             Net cash outflow                                                                                                      (1)

             *   English translation of the name of a Chinese company is provided for identification purpose only.




                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   127
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2024



      37. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

                                                                                               2024             2023
                                                                                             HK$’000          HK$’000

            Capital expenditure in respect of the acquisition of property,
              plant and equipment and right-of-use assets contracted for
              but not provided in the consolidated financial statements                      842,687          418,148


      38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
          COMPANY
            (a)    Statement of financial position

                                                                                               2024             2023
                                                                                             HK$’000          HK$’000

                   ASSETS
                   Non-current assets
                   Investment in subsidiaries                                                     850         278,494

                   Current assets
                   Other receivables                                                         140,075               82
                   Amounts due from subsidiaries                                             434,863          125,458
                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                   1,092            3,409

                                                                                             576,030          128,949

                   Total assets                                                              576,880          407,443

                   EQUITY
                   Capital and reserves
                   Share capital                                                               2,640            2,640
                   Reserves                                                                  571,475          316,137

                   Total equity                                                              574,115          318,777

                   LIABILITIES
                   Current liabilities
                   Other payables                                                               2,037            2,095
                   Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                    728           86,571

                                                                                                2,765           88,666

                   Total liabilities                                                            2,765           88,666

                   Total equity and liabilities                                              576,880          407,443

                   Net current assets                                                        573,265            40,283

                   Total assets less current liabilities                                     574,115          318,777


                   The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 31 March
                   2025 and signed on its behalf by:

                                        Mr. Yu Zhuyun                                  Mr. Li Menglin
                                            Director                                      Director

128   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the year ended 31 December 2024



38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
    COMPANY (Continued)
      (b) Reserve movement

                                                                            (Accumulated
                                                                                  losses)/
                                                        Share   Contributed      retained
                                                     premium        surplus      earnings              Total
                                                      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000             HK$’000


             Balance at 1 January 2023                 88,276             –        (65,186)           23,090

             Loss and total comprehensive
               expense for the year                         –             –           (662)              (662)
             Deemed contribution from a
               shareholder from extinguished loans          –       293,709              –           293,709


             Balance at 31 December 2023 and
               1 January 2024                          88,276       293,709        (65,848)          316,137

             Profit and total comprehensive income
               for the year                                 –             –        79,143             79,143
             Deemed contribution from a
               shareholder from extinguished loans          –       176,195              –           176,195


             Balance at 31 December 2024               88,276       469,904        13,295            571,475




                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   129
      Financial Summary


      The financial summary of the Group for the current year and last five financial years/period is set as follows:

      RESULTS
                                                                                                                                               For the
                                                                         For the          For the           For the           For the     nine months
                                                                     year ended       year ended        year ended        year ended            ended
                                                                   31 December      31 December       31 December       31 December       31 December
                                                                           2024             2023              2022              2021             2020
                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000

      Revenue                                                          6,032,026        4,028,299         1,613,641         1,086,236          373,527
      Direct costs                                                    (5,904,261)      (3,855,486)       (1,582,543)       (1,034,470)        (368,301)

      Gross profit                                                      127,765          172,813            31,098            51,766             5,226

      Other income and net gains                                        182,699            18,811            37,866            41,413             3,207
      (Loss)/gain on fair value changes of investment properties        (10,044)             5,185            (7,308)          45,254           35,703
      Gain on disposal of investment properties                               –              1,637                 –                 –                –
      Selling expenses                                                  (19,992)            (9,448)           (3,604)           (8,257)          (3,857)
      Administrative and other operating expenses                      (172,760)          (80,955)          (83,542)          (47,224)         (36,326)
      Finance costs                                                     (51,385)          (25,190)            (5,520)           (3,413)             (76)

      Profit/(loss) before income tax                                    56,283            82,853           (31,010)           79,539            3,877
      Income tax (expense)/credit                                        (2,185)          (11,564)              682           (19,253)          (4,529)

      Profit/(loss) for the year/period                                  54,098            71,289           (30,328)          60,286              (652)
      Other comprehensive (expense)/income                              (35,054)          (15,746)          (24,324)           7,365             2,395

      Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the
        year/period attributable to owners of the Company                19,044           55,543            (54,652)          67,651             1,743

      Profit/(loss) attributables to:
        Owners of the Company                                           106,393           66,323            (27,843)          61,985              (749)
        Non-controlling interests                                       (52,295)           4,966              (2,485)          (1,699)              97

      Profit/(loss) for the year/period                                  54,098           71,289            (30,328)          60,286              (652)

      Total comprehensive income/(expense) attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                            90,031           54,125            (41,756)          67,887             1,641
        Non-controlling interests                                       (70,987)           1,418            (12,896)            (236)              102

      Total comprehensive income/(expense)                               19,044           55,543            (54,652)          67,651             1,743

                                                                          As at
                                                                   31 December                            As at 31 December
                                                                          2024            2023               2022           2021                2020
                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000              HK$’000

      Non-current assets                                              1,435,560        1,384,974           321,332           297,185           112,533
      Current assets                                                  3,041,055        2,111,310         1,169,706           474,996           367,954
      Non-current liabilities                                           321,926          296,720           407,334           148,209            13,723
      Current liabilities                                             2,615,015        1,888,329           895,531           392,758           304,307

      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                    1,116,756          850,530           188,292           230,048           162,355
      Non-controlling interests                                         422,918          460,705              (119)            1,166               102

      Total equity                                                    1,539,674        1,311,235           188,173           231,214           162,457


130   Central New Energy Holding Group Limited
