CONTENTS
Corporate Information                              2

Chairman’s Statement                               3

Management Discussion and Analysis                 6

Biographies of Directors and Senior Management   15

Directors’ Report                                19

Corporate Governance Report                      31

Environmental, Social and Governance Report      43

Independent Auditors’ Report                     53

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss         59
and Other Comprehensive Income
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position     60

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      62

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             63

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements   64

Financial Summary                                138
     Corporate
     Information

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                         HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
     Executive Directors                                         OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)       Office 5509, 55th Floor
      (appointed as Chief Executive Officer on 30 April 2020)   The Center
     Mr. Li Menglin (appointed on 30 April 2020)                99 Queen’s Road Central
     Mr. Zhu Fei (resigned on 30 April 2020)                    Central
                                                                Hong Kong
     Non-executive Directors
                                                                LEGAL ADVISER AS TO HONG KONG LAW
     Mr. Qiao Xiaoge
     Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                             King & Wood Mallesons
     Mr. Gao Jian (resigned on 23 October 2020)                 13/F, Gloucester Tower
                                                                The Landmark
     Independent non-executive Directors                        15 Queen’s Road Central
     Dr. Li David Xianglin                                      Central
     Mr. Wang Wenxing                                           Hong Kong
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng
                                                                CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE
     AUDIT COMMITTEE                                             REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
     Mr. Wang Wenxing (Chairperson)                             Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
     Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                                            Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
     Dr. Li David Xianglin                                      PO Box 1350
                                                                Grand Cayman KY1-1108
     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                     Cayman Islands
     Dr. Li David Xianglin (Chairperson)
     Ms. Zhu Yujuan (appointed on 23 October 2020)              HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                          AND TRANSFER OFFICE
     Mr. Gao Jian (resigned on 23 October 2020)                 Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
                                                                2103B, 21/F
     NOMINATION COMMITTEE
                                                                148 Electric Road
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairperson)                                North Point
     Mr. Wang Wenxing                                           Hong Kong
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng
                                                                AUDITORS
     SENIOR MANAGEMENT                                          HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chief Executive Officer)                    Certified Public Accountants
     Mr. Che Kean Tat (Vice President and                       31st Floor, Gloucester Tower
      Chief Financial Officer)                                  The Landmark
     Mr. Qin Ning (Chief Legal and Operating Officer)           11 Pedder Street, Central
                                                                Hong Kong
     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Ms. Li Sin Ching, ACG, ACS                                 PRINCIPAL BANKERS
                                                                The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
     AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES                                   Corporation Limited
     Mr. Yu Zhuyun (appointed on 30 April 2020)                 The Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
     Ms. Li Sin Ching                                           Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited
     Mr. Zhu Fei (resigned on 30 April 2020)
                                                                COMPANY WEBSITE
     REGISTERED OFFICE IN CAYMAN ISLANDS                        www.chghk.com
     Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
     PO Box 1350                                                STOCK CODE
     Grand Cayman KY1-1108                                      1735
     Cayman Islands




02   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Chairman’s
Statement




             YU Zhuyun
             Chairman
     Chairman’s
     Statement

     Dear Shareholders,

     On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Central Holding Group Co. Ltd. (the
     “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”), I would like to present to our shareholders (the
     “Shareholders”) the annual report of the Group for the nine months ended 31 December 2020 (the “Reporting
     Period”).

     REPORTING PERIOD REVIEW
     In 2020, the global economy has suffered a significant slowdown amid Covid-19 outbreak and prolonged trade
     disputes uncertainties. The world economy shrank by 4.3 per cent in 2020, which was over two and half times more
     than during the global financial crisis of 2009. The construction business environment in which the Group operates in
     Hong Kong has become tough and the Group’s superstructure and construction gross profit and gross profit margin
     was under pressure from low bidding price on the tenders, which in turn affect the business performance of the
     Group.

     Having suffered through the worst of the outbreak in the initial months of 2020, the People’s Republic of China
     (“China” or the “PRC”) emerged stronger and more resilient, reflected in its disease control strategies, policy
     priorities, and support for the private sector. After businesses and factories reopened and internal movement relaxed
     following the successful implementation of COVID-19 control measures, China proved itself to be a reliable
     investment destination.

     In 2020, we have further expanded our construction business in China and developed the upstream and downstream
     of construction related chain of businesses, which included (i) property development and investment properties
     business, (ii) property management services, (iii) trading of construction materials, (iv) health and wellness services,
     and (v) smart logistic and information system in PRC.

     With the synergic and effectiveness of related chain of business in China, the Group has maintained a good business
     momentum throughout the whole Reporting Period. Revenue increased by approximately 107%, from approximately
     HK$180.4 million for the year ended 31 March 2020 (the “Previous Reporting Year”) to approximately HK$373.5
     million for the Reporting Period. Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (“EBITDA”) for the
     Reporting Period amounted to a profit of approximately HK$7.3 million, which representing an increase of 194.5%
     compared with a loss of approximately HK$7.75 million for the Previous Reporting Year. The net loss for the
     Reporting Period has decreased to approximately HK$652,000, while the Group reported a net loss of approximately
     HK$12.7 million for the Previous Reporting Year.

     We will continuously look for attractive growth opportunities in China and elsewhere that will drive the financial
     returns for shareholders in the long term.




04   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Chairman’s
Statement

OUTLOOK
Chinese consumers and businesses remain confident that the country’s economic recovery will continue steadily in
2021. China’s grocery market is the largest in Asia, and headed for a global leading position in the next few years. In
post-pandemic China, consumers have the desire, ambition and many of them — the financial means to eat healthy
and indulgently, buy premium and embrace products that tell a clear traceability story.

At present, China’s food and beverage (“F&B”) industry has a huge market, with an annual revenue of more than
RMB4.7 trillion. Looking ahead, with the synergistic smart logistic advantages of the Group and agriculture base
resources of Central Culture Resource Group Limited, the parent and ultimate holding company of the Company,
located in Xingtianpu (“新田鋪”), Zhejiang Province, the PRC. We aiming to further expand the supply chain business
of agriculture products, food and beverage materials in 2021, which include but are not limited to the F&B Stores
opening, construction and design of stores, F&B logistic services, F&B brand management, training and consulting
services.

We are devoted to provide a more efficient supply chain of food and beverage materials that combined with internet,
systematic digital model and smart logistic services to store customers. The design of supply chain will mainly focus
on minimizing the comprehensive cost of F&B materials, systematic materials distribution services, materials
purchasing management services and Software-as-a Service (“SAAS”) to store customers.

We believe that the development of agriculture products and F&B material supply chain of businesses and SAAS
services will bring synergy, and effectiveness, as well as increase the revenue base of the Group. We will continue
to strive for sustainable income and balanced growth, and achieve sustainable gains for our Shareholders. We will
keep reviewing the working capital level on an on-going basis in order to achieve our objectives and, at the same
time, be mindful of the regulatory reporting and compliance requirements.

Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our Shareholders, customers, business
associates and subcontractors for your continuous support. I would also like to send my warmest thanks to all our
management and staff members for your hard work and dedication during the Reporting Period.




YU Zhuyun
Chairman
Hong Kong, 26 March 2021




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   05
     Management Discussion
     and Analysis

     BUSINESS REVIEW
     The Directors are of the view that the construction business environment in which the Group operates in Hong Kong
     has become tough and the Group’s superstructure and construction gross profit and gross profit margin will continue
     to be under pressure from low bidding price on the tenders, which will in turn affect the business performance of the
     Group. Mr. Yu Zhuyun, the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company will further leverage his personal
     background and management experience in various industries including real estate development, commercial
     property leasing, environmentally friendly construction, cultural and creative industries, smart logistics and trade
     development, as well as health and wellness industries in the PRC, to explore related business opportunities.

     The Group considers the prospects of the PRC market promising. To further diversify the Group’s source of income
     and to leverage the synergic advantages and resources of Central Culture Resource Group Limited, the Group is
     aiming to further expand its construction business in the PRC and explore in a diverse range of related businesses in
     the PRC, such as real estate development, commercial property leasing, environmentally friendly construction,
     cultural and creative business, property management, smart logistics and trade development, as well as health and
     wellness business.

     The Group believes that the development of upstream and downstream related chain of businesses will bring
     synergy, effectiveness and greater customer satisfaction, as well as strengthen the revenue base of the Group.




                 Foundation works
                                                                Property management services
          and superstructure building works


                                                      Central Holding
                                                          Group

                                                                                         Property development
              Smart logistic                                                       and investment properties business
         and information system




                                      Health and wellness    Trading of construction materials


     As at 31 December 2020, the Group has six main segments, which are (i) foundation works and superstructure
     building works, (ii) property development and investment properties business, (iii) property management services, (iv)
     trading of construction materials, (v) health and wellness services, and (vi) smart logistic and information system. We
     seek to achieve synergistic value amongst the segments in order to obtain higher returns and greater business
     opportunities.




06   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Management Discussion
and Analysis

Foundation works and superstructure building works
Facing the challenges including the increased competition, low bidding tender price and limited market potential in
Hong Kong, the Group will be prudent in managing superstructure and construction business operations in Hong
Kong. During the Reporting Period, the Group had further expanded its construction business in the PRC and
exploring business opportunities outside Hong Kong in order to minimise possible exposure to the uncertainties in
the Hong Kong market.

During the nine months ended 31 December 2020, the revenue from the superstructure and construction segment
was approximately HK$189.0 million (year ended 31 March 2020: approximately HK$177.8 million), which accounted
for approximately 50.6% (year ended 31 March 2020: approximately 98.6%) of the Group’s total revenue. The
increase was mainly due to addition construction and building works of Huai Yuan Project and Liquan Project in the
PRC the during the Reporting Period.

Property development and investment properties business
Quzhou — Rural and wellness Project
As at 31 December 2020, the Group has a new development project in Quzhou City, Zhejiang, the PRC, comprising
of hotel, condominium and bungalows with the theme of “Rural and Wellness Complex”. The total site area of the
project is approximately 27,920 sq.m. and the total gross floor area thereof is approximately 37,356 sq.m.. The
project is expected to be completed in December 2021, and the Group intends to hold a total gross floor area of
approximately 18,599 sq.m. for hotel leasing to generate rental income in future.

Property management services
On 10 November 2020, Central Bauhinia Property Services (Shenzhen) Co. Ltd. (“Central Bauhinia”), an indirect
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, entered into an agreement with Hefei Zhongheng Property Co. Ltd (“HZ
Property”). HZ Property is an entity indirect wholly-owned by Mr. Yu, the controlling shareholder of the Group and
therefore is a connected person of the Group. Pursuant to the agreement, Central Bauhinia conditionally agreed to
acquire and HZ Property conditionally agreed to sell the entire equity interest in Anhui Zhong Gang Property Service
Co. Ltd.* (the “Acquisition”) at a total consideration of RMB3 million (equivalent to approximately HK$3.51 million).
The Acquisition would enable the Group to expand its business scale and market share in the property management
services sector in the PRC. The Board is confident that the Acquisition will contribute positively to the Group by
bringing in additional source of income and synergy with the existing business of property development and
investment properties of the Group by the Acquisition. For more detailed information, please refer to Significant
Investment, Material Acquisition and Disposal of Subsidiaries and Associates Companies.

Property management services include security, cleaning, greening, gardening, repair and maintenance, etc. As at 31
December 2020, Gross Floor Area (“GFA”) under management provided by the Group was approximately 1.809
million sq.m and the revenue from the property management business segment was approximately HK$5.9 million
(year ended 31 March 2020; nil), which accounted for approximately 1.6% (year ended 31 March 2020: nil) of the
Group’s total revenue.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   07
     Management Discussion
     and Analysis

     Trading of construction materials
     Trading of construction materials includes building steels, cement, building sand and stone. The Group believes that
     the development of construction materials business will bring synergy, effectiveness and strengthen the revenue
     base of the Group.

     During the nine months ended 31 December 2020, the revenue from the trading of construction materials business
     increased by approximately HK$119.5 million (year ended 31 March 2020: nil), which accounted for approximately
     32% (year ended 31 March 2020: nil) of the Group’s total revenue.

     Health and wellness services
     According to the statistical data of “China’s big health industry strategic planning and enterprise strategy consultation
     report” released by PRC Research Institute, the scale of China’s big health industry has reached RMB8.2 trillion in
     2019. It is preliminarily estimated that the scale of China’s big health industry will break through RMB10 trillion in
     2020. In 2019 to 2023, the average annual compound growth rate is estimated to be about 12.55%, and it is
     predicted that the scale of China’s big health industry will reach RMB14.09 trillion in 2023.

     The emergence of the concept of “big health” includes medical services, drugs, medical equipment, wearable health
     equipment, physical therapy, beauty, health food, health testing, health care, healthy home, organic agriculture and
     etc. It is the new support of the fifth wave of economic wave after the IT industry.

     The Group is aiming to further expand its health and wellness business in the PRC and seeks to obtain higher returns
     and greater business opportunities. During the nine months ended 31 December 2020, the revenue from the health
     and wellness business increased by approximately HK$58.5 million (year ended 31 March 2020: nil), which accounted
     for approximately 15.7% (year ended 31 March 2020: nil) of the Group’s total revenue.

     Smart logistic and information system
     Increasingly, more customers are relying on network information on new products and services, it is vital to expand
     our presence to develop smart logistic services and information technology services in order to strengthen the
     revenue base of the Group.

     During the nine months ended 31 December 2020, the revenue generated from the smart logistic and information
     system segment was approximately HK$0.6 million (year ended 31 March 2020: HK$2.6 million), which is accounted
     for approximately 0.2% (year ended 31 March 2020: 1.4%) of the Group’s total revenue.




08   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Management Discussion
and Analysis

FINANCIAL REVIEW
Revenue
The Group’s revenue for the Reporting Period amounted to approximately HK$373.5 million, i.e. about 107% more
than that of approximately HK$180.4 million for the Previous Reporting Year. The improvement was primarily due to
the combined effect of: (i) net increase in revenue from the foundation works and superstructure building works
segment which amounted to approximately HK$11.2 million as a result of new construction and building works of
Huai Yuan Project (“懷遠”) and Liquan Project (“臨泉”) in the PRC; (ii) increase in revenue from the trading of
construction materials segment which amounted to approximately HK$119.5 million which was driven by strong
growth in sales volume of construction materials during the Reporting Period (Previous Reporting Year: Nil); (iii)
increase in revenue from the health and wellness segment which amounted to approximately HK$58.5 million (year
ended 31 March 2020: Nil), and (iv) increase in revenue from property management segment accounted for
approximately HK$5.9 million as a result of acquisition of property management company on 10 November 2020.

                                                                                       Nine months                Year
                                                                                             ended               ended
                                                                                       31 December            31 March
                                                                                              2020                2020
                                                                                           HK$’000             HK$’000


Foundation works and superstructure building works                                           189,032            177,801
Property management                                                                            5,867                  –
Trading of construction materials                                                            119,496                  –
Health and wellness                                                                           58,500                  –
Smart logistic and information system                                                            632              2,646


                                                                                             373,527            180,447


Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin
The Group’s gross profit for the Reporting Period amounted to approximately HK$5.2 million, representing a
decrease of approximately 26.7% as compared to the Previous Reporting Year. The decrease was mainly due to the
decrease in revenue as a result of the outbreak of COVID-19 and the increase in direct cost associated with the
unexpected complexity arising from the Group’s construction works in Hong Kong (the “Construction Works”) during
the Reporting Period. The complexity of the Construction Works involved, among others, (i) the discovery of
additional underground utilities despite prior site inspection; and (ii) additional requirements in excavation and lateral
support planning. As a result, the Construction Works have been prolonged and/or varied and the Group’s direct cost
increased.

Other Income and Net Gains
The Group’s other income and net gains for the Reporting Period amounted to approximately HK$3.2 million,
representing an decrease of approximately 25.6% compared with approximately HK$4.3 million for the Previous
Reporting Year. The decrease was mainly attributable to the decrease in machinery rental income of approximately
HK$3 million during the Reporting Period.

Administrative and Other Operating Expenses
The Group’s administrative and other operating expenses for the Reporting Period amounted to approximately
HK$36.3 million, representing an increase of approximately 32.5% compared with approximately HK$27.4 million for
the Previous Reporting Year. The increase was mainly due to the costs for the recruitment of new staff as a result of
development of new business segments during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2020   09
     Management Discussion
     and Analysis

     Income Tax Expense
     The Group’s income tax expense increased by approximately 114.3% from approximately HK$2.1 million for the
     Previous Reporting Year to approximately HK$4.5 million for the Reporting Period. Such increase was mainly due to
     the deferred tax expenses on land appreciation tax of investment property of approximately HK$2.5 million.
     However, such increase was partially offset by the decrease in gross profit for the Reporting Period.

     Net Loss
     The Group reported a net loss for the Reporting Period of approximately HK$652,000, while the Group reported a net
     loss of approximately HK$12.7 million for the Previous Reporting Year, the decrease in net loss is mainly attributable
     to the increase in gain on fair value changes of investment properties during the Reporting Period.

     Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (“EBITDA”)
     Non-HKFRS measures are to supplement the Group’s financial results which are presented in accordance with
     HKFRSs. EBITDA is used as an additional financial measure. The Group believes that non-HKFRS measures provide
     useful information to investors and others to understand and evaluate the Group’s consolidated results for the
     purpose of comparison across accounting periods and with those of our peer companies.

     The following table sets forth the Group’s non-HKFRSs financial data for the Reporting Period and the Previous
     Reporting Year:

                                                                                         Nine months               Year
                                                                                               ended              ended
                                                                                         31 December           31 March
                                                                                                2020               2020
                                                                                             HK$’000            HK$’000


     Loss for the Period/year                                                                      (652)         (12,687)
     Interest income                                                                               (108)            (190)
     Finance costs                                                                                   76               18
     Taxation                                                                                     4,529            2,137
     Depreciation                                                                                 3,473            2,974


     EBITDA                                                                                       7,318            (7,748)

     EBITDA for the Reporting Period amounted to a profit of approximately HK$7.32 million, representing increase of
     194.5% compared with a loss of approximately HK$7.75 million for the Previous Reporting Year.




10   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Management Discussion
and Analysis

LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE
During the Reporting Period, the Group funded its liquidity and capital requirements primarily through capital
contributions and cash inflow generated from operating activities.

As at 31 December 2020, the Group had cash and bank balances of approximately HK$53.8 million (31 March 2020:
approximately HK$114.5 million). The decrease was mainly due to the payment for the new development and
investment properties project in Quzhou City, Zhejing, the PRC.

As at 31 December 2020, the share capital and equity attributable to owners of the Company amounted to
approximately HK$2.6 million and HK$162.4 million, respectively (31 March 2020: approximately HK$2.6 million and
HK$160.7 million, respectively).

The current ratio decreased from 2.1 times as at 31 March 2020 to 1.2 times as at 31 December 2020 mainly due to
increase in trade and other payables during the Reporting Period.

Foreign Exchange Risk
The Group mainly operates in Hong Kong and has commenced new operations in the PRC in 2020. Accordingly, all
operating transactions and revenue are settled in Hong Kong dollars and Renminbi, subjecting the Group to foreign
exchange risk. The Group has actively taken various measures to manage foreign exchange risk since 2020.

Significant Investment, Material Acquisitions and Disposal of Subsidiaries and Associates
Companies
On 10 November 2020, Central Bauhinia, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, entered into an
agreement with HZ Property, pursuant to which Central Bauhinia conditionally agreed to acquire and HZ Property
conditionally agreed to sell the entire equity interest in Anhui Zhong Gang Property Service Co. Ltd.* (the
“Acquisition”). HZ property is an entity indirect wholly-owned by Mr. Yu, the controlling shareholder of the Group
and therefore is a connected person of the Group. Accordingly, the Acquisition constitutes a connected transaction
of the Group under Chapter 14A of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (the "Listing Rules").

The total consideration for the Acquisition (the “Consideration”) is RMB3 million (equivalent to approximately
HK$3.51 million). The Acquisition would enable the Group to expand business scale and market share in the property
management services sector in the PRC. The Board is confident that the Acquisition will contribute positively to the
Group by bringing in additional source of income and synergy with the existing business of property development
and investment properties of the Group by the Acquisition.




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2020   11
     Management Discussion
     and Analysis

     As the Consideration is less than HK$10 million and all the applicable percentage ratios calculated under Rule 14.07
     of the Listing Rules in respect of the Acquisition are less than 25%, the Acquisition is subject to the reporting and
     announcement requirements but exempt from the circular and shareholders’ approval requirements under Rule
     14A.76 of the Listing Rules.

     For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 10 November 2020.

     Save as disclosed hereinabove, during the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any significant investments held
     or any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries or associated companies.

     EMPLOYEES
     The Group had 382 employees (including full-time and casual employees who are paid on a daily basis) as at 31
     December 2020 (31 March 2020: 64). Total staff costs including Directors’ emoluments, salaries, wages and other
     staff benefits, contributions and retirement schemes, provisions for staff long service payment and untaken paid
     leave for the Reporting Period amounted to approximately HK$30.1 million (the Previous Reporting Year:
     approximately HK$25.2 million). The remuneration policy and package of the Group’s employees are periodically
     reviewed. Apart from mandatory provident fund and job training programs, salary increment and discretionary
     bonuses may be awarded to employees upon approval by the Board according to the Group’s operating results,
     individual performance and market situation.

     CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
     The Group had no capital commitments as at 31 December 2020 and 31 March 2020.

     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     Our subsidiaries are involved in a number of potential claims relating to employees’ compensation cases and
     personal injuries claims as well as summonses for safety-related incidents in the ordinary course of business as at
     the date of this report. The Directors considered that the possibility of any outflow in settling (i) the potential personal
     injuries claims was remote as these claims were well covered by insurance; and (ii) the summonses will be
     insignificant to the business of the Group. Accordingly, no provision for the contingent liabilities in respect of the
     potential personal injuries claims and the summonses is necessary after due consideration of each case.




12   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Management Discussion
and Analysis

USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE LISTING
The Shares have been listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange since 29 March 2018. The total net proceeds
(the “Net Proceeds”) from the initial public offering amounted to approximately HK$73.5 million. The Net Proceeds
were applied by the Group in accordance with the disclosure set out in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of
Proceeds” in the prospectus of the Company dated 19 March 2018 (the “Prospectus”). The below table sets out the
planned use of the Net Proceeds, the actual use of the Net Proceeds from the Listing Date and up to 31 December
2020 and the unused amount of the Net Proceeds as at 31 December 2020:

                                                                      Actual use
                                                                      of the Net
                                                                       Proceeds           Unused
                                                                        from the    amount of the
                                                                    Listing Date     Net Proceeds
                                                  Planned use          and up to             as at
                                                    of the Net     31 December       31 December         Expected
                                                     Proceeds               2020             2020        timeline
                                                      HK$’000            HK$’000          HK$’000


Hiring of additional staff                              11,600              4,999             6,601      End of 2022
Acquisition of additional machinery
  and equipment                                         54,900             19,506            35,394      End of 2022
General Working Capital                                  7,000              7,000                 –


Total                                                   73,500             31,505            41,995

During the nine months ended 31 December 2020, the Group had utilised approximately HK$1.4 million of the
proceeds on hiring of additional staff and HK$10.7 million of the proceeds on acquisition of additional machinery and
equipment. A further HK$12.6 million had been committed on the acquisition of machinery and the delivery date is
scheduled by end of March 2021. The Group continues to carefully apply the use of proceeds to match with the
operational scale, complexity of new projects and the expansion of the business.

Due to the outbreak of Coronavirus disease pandemic (“COVID-19”) since January 2020, the construction industry in
Hong Kong had been adversely affected. The Group expects that the utilisation of the proceeds will span thru a
longer timeline than original planned under the current business environment as there is still uncertainty in the extent
and duration of the impact of the COVID-19 on the construction industry and the Hong Kong economy as a whole.
The expected timeline for utilising the remaining proceeds will be subject to change based on the current and future
development of market conditions.

The Net Proceeds that were not applied immediately have been placed in the short-term demand deposits with
licensed banks in Hong Kong.

SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
On 29 June 2020, the Company proposed to subdivide (the “Share Subdivision”) every existing Share (both issued
and unissued) of par value of HK$0.01 into four shares of par value of HK$0.0025 each (the “Subdivided Shares”).
On 3 August 2020, the Share Subdivision was approved by the Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of
the Company. The Share Subdivision became effective on 5 August 2020. As a result of the Share Subdivision, the
authorised share capital of the Company became HK$50,000,000 divided into 20,000,000,000 Subdivided Shares, of
which 1,056,000,000 Subdivided Shares are in issue and fully paid or credited as fully paid.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   13
     Management Discussion
     and Analysis

     On 7 July 2020, Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction Engineering Co., Ltd* (“Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction”), an
     indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and Linquan Zhongzhihuan Property Development Limited* (臨泉
     中之環置業有限公司)(“Linquan Zhongzhihuan Property”) entered into a construction services agreement (the
     “Construction Services Agreement”), pursuant to which Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction has agreed to act as
     contractor to provide construction services for the construction project of “Linquan 70mu Central Street Project”* (臨
     泉70畝中環街項目) with approximately 54,000 sq.m. located in Linquan, Anhui Province, the PRC (the “Construction
     Project”) to Linquan Zhongzhihuan Property with an aggregate amount of service fee of not more than RMB132.72
     million (inclusive of value-added tax) from time to time for the period commencing on 27 December 2020 until 31
     December 2022. On 27 August 2020, continuing connected transaction was approved by independent shareholders
     at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company.

     Save as disclosed above, the Board is not aware of any significant event requiring disclosure that has occurred during
     the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.

     FINAL DIVIDEND
     The Board did not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Reporting Period (the Previous Reporting Year:
     nil).

     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     There was no significant event after the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.

     FUTURE PLANS AND PROSPECTS
     At present, China’s food and beverage (“F&B”) industry has a huge market, with an annual revenue of more than
     RMB4.7 trillion. Looking ahead, with the synergistic smart logistic advantages of the Group and agriculture base
     resources of Central Culture Resource Group Limited located in Xingtianpu (“新田鋪”), Zhejiang Province, the PRC,
     the Group is aiming to further expand the supply chain business of agriculture products, food and beverage materials
     in 2021, which included but not limited to the F&B Stores opening, construction and design of stores, F&B logistic
     services, F&B brand management, training and consulting services.

     The Group is devoted to provide a more efficient supply chain of food and beverage materials that combined with
     internet, systematic digital model and smart logistic services to store customers. The design of supply chain will
     mainly focus on minimizing the comprehensive cost of F&B materials, systematic materials distribution services,
     materials purchasing management services and Software-as-a Service (“SAAS”) to store customers.

     The Group believes that the development of agriculture products and F&B material supply chain of businesses and
     SAAS services will bring synergy, and effectiveness, as well as increase the revenue base of the Group.




14   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Biographies of Directors and
Senior Management

Biographical details of the Directors and Senior Management are set out as follows:

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Yu Zhuyun (余竹雲), aged 47, has been an executive Director and the chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”)
since October 2019, and was appointed as the chief executive officer (the “CEO”) in April 2020. Mr. Yu is an
entrepreneur with over 15 years of experience primarily in the property development and investment industry in the
PRC. He founded Anhui Central Holding Group Co., Ltd.* (安徽中環控股集團有限公司) (“Anhui Central”) in 2004,
which has now developed into a diversified enterprise engaging in a variety of businesses, including real estate
development, commercial property leasing, environmentally friendly construction, cultural and creative business,
smart logistics and trade development, as well as health and wellness business in the PRC. He is currently serving
as the chairman of the board of directors of Anhui Central.

Mr. Yu is a standing committee member of the All-China Youth Federation (中華全國青年聯合會), a council member
of the China Society for Promotion of the Guangcai Program (中國光彩事業促進會), a council member of the China
Young Volunteers Association (中國青年志願者協會), a standing council member of the China Mergers & Acquisitions
Association (中國併購公會), the vice president of the Anhui Federation of Industry and Commerce (安徽省工商業聯合
會), a member of the Anhui Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference (中國人
民政治協商會議安徽省委員會), the vice president of the Anhui Youth Federation (安徽省青年聯合會), a standing
council member of the Anhui Overseas Friendship Association (安徽省海外聯誼會), and the honorary president of the
Anhui Federation of Overseas Chinese Entrepreneurs (安徽省僑商聯合會).

Mr. Yu obtained a Master of Business Administration from Hong Kong Baptist University in November 2007. He
further obtained an Executive Master of Business Administration from Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business (長
江商學院) in the PRC in September 2013.

Mr. Li Menglin (李夢琳), aged 63, has been an executive Director since April 2020. Mr. Li has extensive experience
in the banking and financial services sectors in the PRC. During the period from April 1998 to September 2017, he
held various senior positions at the Anhui provincial branch of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, including
the president of Anqing branch, chief of the education department, chief manager of real estate financing
department, head of stock reform office, chief manager of company services II department, and manager and senior
manager of small-sized enterprises financing department. From September 2017 to July 2019, he served as the
chairman of the board and the president of Anhui Xin’an Bank* (安徽新安銀行), and has been serving as a consultant
of Anhui Xin’an Bank since June 2019.

Mr. Li received the awards of Model Individual in Consumer Credits Management Works of 2005* (2005年度中國工
商銀行消費信貸管理工作先進個人), Annual Excellent Performance by the Anhui Provincial Branch of the Industrial
and Commercial Bank of China* (中國工商銀行省行本部年度考核優秀等次) in 2007, 2013 and 2015 and Model
Worker in the Innovative Work in the Finance Sector in Anhui Province of 2010* (2010年度安徽省金融創新工作先進
個人).

Mr. Li obtained a Bachelor of Economics in Finance awarded by Anhui University of Finance and Economics in July
1982. He was awarded a Master of Business Administration (International) by the University of Hong Kong in
December 2003 in the IMBA Programme co-organised by the University of Hong Kong and Fudan University (復旦大
學) in the PRC.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2020   15
     Biographies of Directors and
     Senior Management

     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Mr. Qiao Xiaoge (喬曉戈), aged 53, has been a non-executive Director since October 2019. Mr. Qiao is experienced
     in the field of real estate development and construction. During the period from March 2000 to November 2003, he
     served as a deputy general manager of the predecessor company of Wanda Commercial Properties (Group) Co., Ltd.
     (萬達商業地產(集團)有限公司), a private property developer. He then served as a vice president of Sunac Huabei
     Development Group Co., Ltd.* (融創華北發展集團有限公司), a company principally engaged in real estate
     development and commercial property leasing, from January 2004 to June 2006. He has been serving as the
     president of Anhui Central since August 2011.

     Mr. Qiao graduated from Hefei University (合肥學院) in the PRC in July 1991.

     Ms. Zhu Yujuan (朱玉娟), aged 41, has been a non-executive Director since October 2019. Ms. Zhu joined Anhui
     Central in February 2009. She had served in various positions in Anhui Central, including general manager of the
     administrative and human resources management center and assistant to the president. She is currently serving as a
     vice president of Anhui Central.

     Ms. Zhu graduated from Hefei University of Technology (合肥工業大學) and the Institute of Psychology of the
     Chinese Academy of Sciences (中國科學院心理研究所) in the PRC in January 2009 and February 2011, respectively.

     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
     Dr. Li David Xianglin (李祥林), aged 57, has been an independent non-executive Director since October 2019. Dr. Li
     is currently a professor of finance at the Shanghai Advanced Institute of Finance (上海高級金融學院), an associate
     dean, the director of the risk management center (風險管理研究中心) and the director of the FinTech Research
     Center (金融科技研究中心) of the Chinese Academy of Financial Research (中國金融研究院), and a co-director of the
     Master of Finance program in Shanghai Jiao Tong University (中國上海交通大學) in the PRC. Prior to joining Shanghai
     Jiao Tong University (中國上海交通大學), he had served in leading financial institutions for more than two decades.
     He was the head of global credit derivatives research of Citigroup from October 2001 to June 2004, the head of
     quantitative analysis of credit derivatives of Barclays Capital from June 2004 to April 2008, the chief risk officer of
     China International Capital Corporation Limited from May 2008 to January 2012, the director of senior management
     and the head of modeling for AIG Investments from January 2012 to March 2016, and the senior vice president of
     investment and the person-in-charge of the risk analytics and methodology department of Prudential Financial, Inc.
     from March 2016 to December 2017.

     Dr. Li obtained a Master of Business Administration from Laval University in Canada in May 1991. He further
     obtained a Master of Mathematics (Actuarial Science) and a Doctor of Philosophy (Statistics) from the University of
     Waterloo in Canada in May 1992 and October 1995, respectively.

     Mr. Wang Wenxing (王文星), aged 51, has been an independent non-executive Director since October 2019.
     Mr. Wang is currently serving as a senior tax consultant of Triangle Accounting Limited and an international tax
     consultant of Mind & Sun Partners in Shanghai. He has also been serving as a senior partner, the chief accountant
     and the quality control director of Anthony Chen CPA, PLLC since February 2009. During the period from May 1995
     to March 2003, he served as a project manager in the Guangzhou Branch of the China Council for the Promotion of
     International Trade (中國國際貿易促進委員會廣州市分會) (also known as the Guangzhou Chamber of Commerce of
     the China International Chamber of Commerce (中國國際商會廣州市商會)). He was the chief tax accountant of the
     high net value business department of AIA China from April 2015 to June 2017.

     Mr. Wang obtained a Master of Science from the City University of New York in the United States in February 2008.
     He has been enrolled to practice before the Internal Revenue Service of the Department of the Treasury of the
     United States since November 2010.




16   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Biographies of Directors and
Senior Management

Dr. Zhou Chunsheng (周春生), aged 54, has been an independent non-executive Director since October 2019.
Dr. Zhou is currently a professor of Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business (長江商學院) in the PRC. He is an
independent non-executive director of Pine Technology Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Stock Exchange
(stock code: 1079), an independent non-executive director of Transfar Zhilian Co., Ltd., a company listed on the
Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002010), a director of Nanda Automation Technology Jiangsu Co., Ltd, a
company then listed on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations Co., Ltd. (stock code: 834876), and an
independent non-executive director of Kunwu Jiuding Investment Holdings Co., Limited, a company listed on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 600053). He has also been a director of Guanghua Tiancheng Investments
Co., Ltd. since March 2007, and an independent non-executive director of Hua Chuang Securities Brokerage Co., Ltd.
and China Southern Fund Management Co., Ltd. since June 2007.

Dr. Zhou served as an independent non-executive director of Zhonghong Holdings Co., Limited, a company then
listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000979), from May 2008 to April 2020, an independent non-
executive director of China ITS (Holdings) Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1900), from
September 2008 to June 2018, an independent non-executive director of Green Leader Holdings Group Limited, a
company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 61), from June 2013 to August 2019, an independent non-
executive director of Guosheng Financial Holding Inc., a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock
code: 002670), from July 2015 to April 2020, and an independent director of Leshan City Commercial Bank from
August 2012 to January 2019.

Dr. Zhou was an economist of the U.S. Federal Reserve Board from April 1995 to September 1997, where he was
responsible for the analysis, control and management of financial risks, an assistant professor at the University of
California (Riverside) from September 1997 to April 2001, an associate professor of the Business School of the
University of Hong Kong from July 2000 to July 2001, a commissioner of the Development and Strategy Committee
of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (中國證券監督管理及規劃委員會委員) from April 2001 to December
2001, and a finance professor of the Guanghua School of Management at Peking University (北京大學) from July
2001 to December 2006.

Dr. Zhou obtained a Master of Science from Peking University (北京大學) in the PRC in July 1988, and a Doctor of
Economics from Princeton University in the United States in May 1995.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Che Kean Tat (徐建達) aged 37, is the vice president and chief financial officer of the Group. In his current role,
Mr. Che is tasked with the corporate affairs, mergers and acquisition, overseeing the Group financial and compliance.
He is a member of CPA Australia and has over 15 years of experience in accounting, auditing, corporate finance and
IPO advisory. In 2006, he started his career as auditor with Ernst & Young LLP and left the firm in 2009. From 2009
to 2012, he worked as Corporate Finance Manager with ICH Group, which was involved in several IPOs in South
East Asia region. In 2013, he served as Vice President in Auscar Wealth Management Sdn Bhd, responsible for
corporate finance, fund raising, merger and acquisition. From 2013 to 2016, he worked as Chief Financial Officer at
Heyu Capital Group. From 2019 to 2020, he worked as Group CFO in Nova Group Holdings (Stock code: 1360),
responsible for the group financial affairs, corporate financial activities, merger & acquisition and corporate
restructurings. Mr. Che graduated from the University of Adelaide in Australia and majored in Accounting and Finance
in 2005.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   17
     Biographies of Directors and
     Senior Management

     Mr. Qin Ning (秦寧) aged 40, is the chief legal and operating officer of the Group. He has over 15 years of
     experience as a corporate counsel and lawyer, in M&A, investment and finance. In 2003, he started his career as
     Clerk with the Court of Baqiao District of Xi’an in China and left in 2004. From 2004 to 2005, he worked as Paralegal
     with Shaanxi Haipu Law Firm in Xi’an of China. In 2008, he worked as a paralegal with Jane Willems’ Firm in Paris,
     France. From 2009 to 2013, he served as Senior Manager in Tian An China Investment Ltd., (stock code: 0028), listed
     on the HK stock exchange, responsible for the China legal and investment. In 2013, he worked as General Manager
     in Shaanxi HDTX Investment Ltd. In 2016, he served as Executive Director in Yulin FFL Environmental Energy Limited
     (member of ENGIE Group in France). In 2018, he worked as Assistant President in Guanghui Energy Group (stock
     code: 600256), listed on the SHH stock exchange. From 2020 to present, he is working as Equity Partner in Zhonglun
     W&D Law Firm in Xi’an. Mr. Qin is a graduate from the Law school of Versailles University in France, and majored in
     Arbitration and International business in 2008.

     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Ms. Li Sin Ching (李蒨菁) was appointed as the company secretary of the Company (the “Company Secretary”) on
     29 November 2019. She is a manager of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited, Asia’s leading business
     expansion specialist specializing in integrated business, corporate and investor services. Ms. Li has over 9 years of
     experience in the corporate secretarial field and has been providing professional corporate services to Hong Kong
     listed companies as well as private and offshore companies. Ms. Li is a chartered secretary and an associate of both
     The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries and The Chartered Governance Institute.

     English translation of names in Chinese which is marked with “*“ in this annual report is for identification purposes only.




18   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Directors’
Report

The Board is pleased to present the annual report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the
Group for the Reporting Period (the “Financial Statements”).

CORPORATE REORGANISATION
The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability on 29 March 2017. The Company
completed the corporate reorganisation (the “Reorganisation”) on 8 March 2018 in preparation for the listing of the
shares of the Company (the “Shares”) on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, pursuant to which the Company
became the holding company of the companies now comprising the Group. Details of the Reorganisation are set out
in the section headed “History and Development — Reorganisation” in the Prospectus.

The Company has a principal place of business in Hong Kong at Office 5509, 55th Floor, The Center, 99 Queen’s
Road Central, Central, Hong Kong.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in Note 12 to
the Financial Statements.

SUBSIDIARIES
Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 12 to the Financial
Statements.

BUSINESS REVIEW
The business review and outlook of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the section headed
“Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.

SEGMENTAL INFORMATION
Details of segment reporting are set out in Note 5 to the Financial Statements.

RESULTS
The results of the Group for the Reporting Period and the financial position of the Group as at 31 December 2020 are
set out in the Financial Statements on pages 59 to 61 of this annual report.

FINAL DIVIDENDS
The Board did not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Reporting Period (the Previous Reporting Year:
nil).

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The annual general meeting (the “AGM”) of the Company will be held on Friday, 18 June 2021. A notice convening
the AGM will be issued and sent to the Shareholders in due course.

CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
In order to establish entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM to be held on Friday, 18 June 2021, the register of
members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 15 June 2021 to Friday, 18 June 2021, both days inclusive,
during which period no transfer of Shares will be effected. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the AGM, all
transfer of Shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the
Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited, at 2103B, 21/F, 148
Electric Road, North Point, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 11 June 2021.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   19
     Directors’
     Report

     KEY RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     The Group’s financial condition, results of operation, business and prospects may be affected by a number of risks
     and uncertainties. The followings are the key risk and uncertainties identified by the Group relating to its business:

     A significant portion of the Group’s revenue was generated from contracts awarded by a limited
     number of customers, and any significant decrease in the number of projects with major
     customers may materially and adversely affect its financial condition and operating results
     A significant portion of our revenue was derived from a limited number of customers during the Reporting Period.
     There is no assurance that we will continue to obtain contracts from our major customers, and in the event that we
     are unable to secure suitable projects of a comparable size and quantity as replacements from other customers, our
     financial condition and operating results would be materially and adversely affected. In addition, in the event that our
     major customers experience any liquidity problem, they may delay or default in their payments to us, in which case
     our business, financial positions and prospects could be materially and adversely affected.

     The Group’s revenue relied on successful tenders of foundation works and superstructure building
     works projects which are not recurrent in nature, and there is no guarantee that its customers will
     provide it with new business
     During the Reporting Period, our revenue was mainly derived from foundation works and superstructure building
     works projects in Hong Kong which were awarded to us on successful tenders. Our future growth and success will
     depend on our ability to continue to secure tenders and contract awards. In addition, our business is contract-based
     and on a non-recurring basis. We secured our foundation works and superstructure building works projects through
     competitive tender processes. We do not have long-term commitments with our customers and our customers are
     therefore under no obligation to award projects to us. As such, there is no guarantee that we will be able to secure
     new business from customers. Accordingly, the number and scale of projects and the amount of revenue we are
     able to derive therefrom may vary significantly from period to period, and it may be difficult to forecast the volume of
     future business.

     Any failure to accurately estimate the project costs in tenders and/or any delay in completion of
     projects may lead to cost overruns or even result in losses
     The Group’s ability to submit tender proposals at a competitive price with adequate profit margin to maintain its
     profitability depends on various factors. We determine the tender price by taking into account factors including the
     scope and complexity of the project, site conditions, project time frame, estimated construction materials costs,
     labour and machinery requirements and capacity, extent of subcontracted works required, relationship with
     customers and prevailing market conditions. In addition, the Group may be subject to liquidated damages due to
     delay in completing the projects, calculated on the basis of a fixed sum per day or according to certain mechanism as
     stipulated under the contract. Any material inaccurate estimation in the time and costs involved in a project may give
     rise to delays in completion of works and/or costs overruns, which in turn may materially and adversely affect the
     Group’s financial condition, profitability and liquidity.

     We may be subject to fines due to the commencement of construction work prior to obtaining the
     relevant construction work commencement permit or building unauthorized construction without
     PRC local government’s permission
     During the period, our significant portion of revenue was derived from foundation work and construction work in
     PRC. Pursuant to the Regulations on Administration Regarding Permission for Commencement of Construction Work
     (《建築工程施工許可管理辦法》) promulgated by the Ministry of Construction on October 15, 1999 and amended on
     July 4, 2001, a property developer shall apply for a construction work commencement permit from the relevant
     authority prior to the commencement of any construction work on the land. If a property developer fails to obtain the
     relevant construction work commencement permit before commencement of construction work, a fine ranging from
     RMB5,000 to RMB10,000 (if no proceeds were generated by such non-compliance) or from RMB5,000 to
     RMB30,000 (if proceeds were generated by such non-compliance) will be imposed on such property developer.




20   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Directors’
Report

We are required to comply with various environmental, safety and health laws and regulations
which are extensive and the compliance of which may be onerous or expensive.
As part of our construction business operation in PRC, we are required to comply with various and extensive
environmental as well as health and safety laws and regulations promulgated by the PRC government and the
governments of other overseas jurisdictions in which we operate. If we fail to comply with these laws and
regulations, we could be exposed to penalties, fines, suspension or revocation of our licenses or permits to conduct
business, administrative proceedings and litigation. Given the magnitude and complexity of these laws and
regulations, compliance with them or the establishment of effective monitoring systems may be onerous or require
a significant amount of financial and other resources. As these laws and regulations continue to evolve, there can be
no assurance that the PRC government or the governments of other overseas jurisdictions in which we have
operations will not impose additional or more onerous laws or regulations, compliance with which may cause us to
incur significantly increased costs, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers.

We require permits or licenses to undertake our business operations and any loss, termination or non-renewal of
these permits or licenses could have a significant and adverse impact on our business.

We require permits and licenses issued by the relevant government agencies to conduct our business and we must
comply with the restrictions and conditions imposed by various levels of government to maintain our permits and
licenses. If we fail to comply with any of the regulations required for the maintenance of our permits and licenses,
our permits and licenses could be temporarily suspended or even revoked.

Our property development business is dependent on the growth of the real estate market in the
PRC
As of December 31, 2020, we had a new development project in Quzhou City, Zhejiang Province, the PRC,
comprising of hotel, condominium and bungalows. The total site area of the project is approximately 27,920 sq.m
and the total gross floor area thereof approximately 37,356 sq.m. Demand for properties and property prices in
China, including Zhejiang Province may be fluctuated and expected to continue to be affected by macro-economic
control measures implemented by the PRC government from time to time.

Our property development business in PRC is subject to extensive governmental regulations and
policies and, in particular, we are susceptible to policy changes in the PRC property industry
Our business is subject to extensive governmental regulations and policies. As with other PRC property developers,
we must comply with various requirements mandated by PRC laws and regulations, including the policies and
procedures established by local authorities designed to implement such laws and regulations. In particular, the PRC
government exerts considerable direct and indirect influence on the development of the PRC property sector by
imposing industry policies and other economic measures, which, among other things, control foreign exchanges,
taxation, foreign investment and the supply of land for property development. Through these policies and measures,
the PRC government may raise the benchmark interest rates of commercial banks, place additional limitations on the
ability of commercial banks to make loans to property developers and property purchasers, impose additional taxes
and levies on property sales, restrict foreign investment in the PRC property sector and restrict or reduce the supply
of land for property development.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2020   21
     Directors’
     Report

     We may not be able to complete or deliver our development projects on time and face substantial
     development risks before we realize any benefits from a property development project
     Property development projects require substantial capital expenditures prior to and during the construction period. It
     may take longer than a year from the commencement of construction before a property development project can
     generate cash flow through pre-sales, sales or leases. The progress and costs of a property development project can
     be materially and adversely affected by many factors, including, without limitation:

     i)      Delays in obtaining necessary licenses, permits or approvals from government agencies or authorities;

     ii)     Relocation of existing residents or demolition of existing structures;

     iii)    Shortages of our increase in costs of materials, equipment, contractors and skilled labor;

     iv)     Availability and cost of financing;

     v)      Failure of contractors or suppliers to provide products and services as anticipated, due to financial difficulties or
             other reasons;

     vi)     Labor disputes;

     vii)    Construction accidents;

     viii)   Natural catastrophes;

     ix)     Adverse weather conditions; and

     x)      Changes in government policies.

     We cannot assure that we will not experience any significant delays in the completion or delivery of any of our
     property development projects or that we will not subject to any liabilities for any such delays. Such disruptions may
     materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial position.

     We may not be able to collect property management fees from property owners and property
     developers and as a result, may incur impairment losses on receivables
     In our property management business operation, we may face difficulties in collecting property management fees
     from property developers and property owners. Even though we seek to collect overdue property management fees
     through a number of collection measures, we cannot assure that such measures will be effective at all. Moreover,
     although most of the property management fees are paid to us through bank transfers and online payments, certain
     property owners would pay property management fees to us in cash, which may impose some cash management
     risk on us.

     Our trading of construction materials business are exposed to credit risk of our customers.
     We generally do not grant any credit period for enterprises which are subject to litigation in respect of Construction
     material agreements disputes, administrative penalty and outstanding tax arrears. Depending on factors including but
     not limited to their scale of operation, prospect and size of future sales, trading and payment history and our business
     relationship with them, we generally grant our customers a credit period of 30 days to 90 days.

     We cannot assure that any of our customers which have been granted credit period can fulfil their obligations under
     the Construction material agreements we entered into with them. Any default by our customers on their obligations
     under our Construction material agreements with them may have an adverse effect on our business, financial
     position and results of operations.




22   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Directors’
Report

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial period and years, as set
out on page 138 of this annual report, are extracted from this annual report and the Prospectus.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in
Note 14 to the Financial Statements.

SHARE CAPITAL
The Company’s total issued share capital as at 31 December 2020 was 1,056,000,000 ordinary Shares of HK$0.0025
per Share.

The Company did not issue any Shares during the Reporting Period. Details of movements during the Reporting
Period in the share capital of the Company are set out in Note 24 to the Financial Statements.

DEBENTURES
The Company did not issue any debenture during the Reporting Period.

RESERVES
Details of movements in the reserves of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated
statement of changes in equity on page 62 of this annual report.

As at 31 December 2020, the Company had reserves amounting to approximately HK$44 million available for
distribution (31 March 2020: approximately HK$54 million).

DIRECTORS
The Directors who held office during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report are:

Executive Directors
Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
  (appointed as Chief Executive Officer on 30 April 2020)
Mr. Li Menglin (appointed on 30 April 2020)
Mr. Zhu Fei (resigned on 30 April 2020)

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Qiao Xiaoge
Ms. Zhu Yujuan
Mr. Gao Jian (resigned on 23 October 2020)

Independent non-executive Directors
Dr. Li David Xianglin
Mr. Wang Wenxing
Dr. Zhou Chunsheng




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   23
     Directors’
     Report

     The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
     Management” in this annual report.

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACT
     Each of the Directors has entered into an appointment contract with the Company for a term of three years, subject
     to retirement by rotation at the AGM, and each of them shall be eligible for re-election in accordance with the
     amended and restated articles of association of the Company (the “Restated Articles”). Ms. Zhu Yujuan, Dr. Li David
     Xianglin and Mr. Wang Wenxing shall retire from office by rotation and, being eligible, shall offer themselves for re-
     election at the AGM.

     Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors, including the Directors being proposed to be re-elected at the AGM,
     has a service contract with the Company which is not determinable within one year without payment of
     compensation, other than statutory compensation.

     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
     The Company has received an annual confirmation of independence from each of the independent non-executive
     Directors pursuant to the Listing Rules. The Company considers the independent non-executive Directors to be
     independent pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     No contracts, other than the appointment contracts and employment contracts, concerning the management and
     administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or existed
     during the Reporting Period.

     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS IN SECURITIES
     As at 31 December 2020, the interest and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
     Shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of the associated corporations (within the meaning
     of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong (the “SFO”)) which have
     been notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
     any interest or short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which,
     pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, have been entered in the register referred to therein, or have been, pursuant to
     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) contained in Appendix
     10 to the Listing Rules, notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange were as follow:

     (i)   Long position in the Shares

                                                                                                      Number of               Percentage of
                                                                                                     Shares held/                    issued
           Name of Director                        Capacity/Nature of interest                         interested              share capital


           Mr. Yu Zhuyun                           Interest in controlled                              792,000,000                        75%
                                                     corporation (Note)

           Note: These 792,000,000 Shares are held by Central Culture Resource Group Limited, which is wholly owned by Mr. Yu Zhuyun. Pursuant to
                  a share charge dated 10 February 2021, Central Culture Resource Group Limited has charged 760,320,000 Shares in favour of Huatai
                  Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited.




24   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Directors’
Report

(ii)   Long position in the ordinary shares of associated corporation

                                                                                                              Number of        Percentage of
                                       Name of associated                     Capacity/Nature                shares held/             issued
       Name of Director                corporation                            of interest                      interested       share capital


       Mr. Yu Zhuyun                   Central Culture Resource               Beneficial owner                      50,000              100%
                                         Group Limited (Note)

       Note: Pursuant to a share charge dated 10 February 2021, Mr. Yu Zhuyun has charged all the issued shares of Central Culture Resource Group
              Limited in favour of Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited.


Substantial Shareholders’ interests and short positions in Shares and underlying Shares
As at 31 December 2020, so far as is known to the Directors, the following persons (not being a Director or chief
executive of the Company) had interest or short position in Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be
disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provision of Division 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or
as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to the Section 336 of the SFO, or which
would directly or indirectly amount to 5% or more of the issued share capital carrying rights to vote in all
circumstances at general meetings of the Company or any other members of the Group.

                                                                                                      Number of              Percentage of
                                                                                                    Shares held/                    issued
Name of Shareholder                              Capacity/Nature of interest                        interested in             share capital


Central Culture Resource Group                   Beneficial Interest                                 792,000,000                         75%
  Limited (Note)

Note: Central Culture Resource Group Limited is wholly owned by Mr. Yu Zhuyun. Pursuant to a share charge dated 10 February 2021, Central
       Culture Resource Group Limited has charged 760,320,000 Shares in favour of Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, the Directors were not aware of any person or corporation (other
than the Directors and the chief executives) who had any interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares
of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of
Part XV of the SFO, or pursuant to section 336 of the SFO, which would have to be recorded in the register referred
to therein.

ARRANGEMENTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed in the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests in Securities” above and the
paragraph headed “Share Option Scheme” below, at no time during the Reporting Period were rights to acquire
benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company granted to any Director or their
respective spouse or children under 18 years of age, or were any such rights exercised by them; or was the
Company, its holdings company, or and any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, a party to any arrangement to
enable the Directors, or their respective spouse of children under 18 years of age, to acquire such rights by means of
the acquisition of Shares in or debentures of the Company of any other body corporate.




                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2020     25
     Directors’
     Report

     DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS,
     ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
     Save as disclosed in the paragraphs headed “Connected Transactions” below and in Note 32 to the Financial
     Statements, there was no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance, to which the Company or any of its
     subsidiaries, its parent company, or its parent company’s subsidiaries was a party, and in which a Director or any
     entity connected with a Director had a material interest, whether directly and indirectly, subsisting as at 31 December
     2020 or any time during the Reporting Period, nor was there any other transaction, arrangement or contract of
     significance in relation to the Group’s business between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and a controlling
     Shareholder or any of its subsidiaries.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
     Pursuant to the Restated Articles, every Director shall be entitled to be indemnified out of the assets of the Company
     against all losses or liabilities which he/she may sustain or incur in or about the execution of the duties of his/her
     office or otherwise in relation thereto.

     The Company has maintained appropriate Directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in respect of legal actions against
     them arising out of corporate activities and such permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors are
     currently in force.

     MAJOR SUPPLIERS AND CUSTOMERS
     For the Reporting Period, the aggregate purchase attributable to the Group’s largest supplier and the five largest
     suppliers accounted for approximately 8.4% and 30.8%, respectively, of the Group’s total purchases for the
     Reporting Period (the Previous Reporting Year: approximately 14.4% and 52.2%, respectively). For the Reporting
     Period, revenue attributable to the Group’s largest customer and the five largest customers in aggregate accounted
     for approximately 21.6% and 55.6% respectively, of the Group’s total revenue for the Reporting Period (the Previous
     Reporting Year: approximately 29.6% and 79.6%, respectively).

     To the best of the Directors’ knowledge, none of the Directors, their associates or any Shareholders (which, to the
     best knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the number of issued share capital of the Company) had an
     interest in the Group’s five largest suppliers or customers.

     KEY RELATIONSHIPS WITH EMPLOYEES, CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND OTHERS
     Employees
     The Group recognizes employees as its valuable assets. The Group provides competitive remuneration packages to
     attract, motivate and retain appropriate and suitable personnel. The Group has also adopted an annual review system
     to assess the performance of its staff, which forms the basis of the Group’s decisions with respect to salary
     increment and promotions.

     Customers
     The Group has maintained long-standing business relationship with the majority of its five largest customers. The
     Group endeavors to accommodate its customers’ demands to the extent its resources allow in order to capture more
     opportunities for larger scale projects in the future.




26   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Directors’
Report

Suppliers and subcontractors
The Group has an approved list of suppliers and selects suppliers from the list based on the quality of products or
services, timeliness of delivery, experience of and length of partnership with suppliers, competitiveness of pricing
and reputation of suppliers.

Subject to the Group’s capacity and resource level and depending on the types of construction works as well as cost
effectiveness and complexity of the projects, the Group may subcontract certain works to other subcontractors. The
Group maintains an internal list of approved subcontractors and selects them based on their experience, quality of
works, timeliness of completion for past projects, reputation in the industry, past performances, pricing and the
Group’s relationship with them.

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES
The Group’s operations at work sites are subject to certain environmental requirements pursuant to the laws of Hong
Kong. The laws and regulations which have a significant impact on the Group include, among others, Air Pollution
Control Ordinance (Chapter 311 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Air Pollution Control (Non-road Mobile Machinery)
(Emission) Regulation (Chapter 311Z of the Laws of Hong Kong), Noise Control Ordinance (Chapter 400 of the Laws
of Hong Kong), Water Pollution Control Ordinance (Chapter 358 of the Laws of Hong Kong), Waste Disposal
Ordinance (Chapter 354 of the Laws of Hong Kong), and Waste Disposal (Charges for Disposal of Construction
Waste) Regulation (Chapter 354N of the Laws of Hong Kong).

In order to comply with the applicable environmental protection laws, we have implemented an environmental
management system which was certified to be in compliance with the standard required under ISO 14001 since
November 2010. Apart from complying with the environmental protection policies formulated by our customers, we
have established an environmental management policy to ensure proper management of environmental matters and
compliance with environmental laws and regulations by both our employees and workers of our subcontractors on,
among others, air pollution control, noise pollution control and waste disposal. During the Reporting Period, we did
not incur any material costs on environmental compliance.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, the
Directors confirmed that the Company had maintained a sufficient amount of public float for its Shares as required
under the Listing Rules during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
No purchase, sale or redemption of the Company’s listed securities was made by the Company or any of its
subsidiaries during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
None of the Directors or their respective close associates is or was interested in any business apart from the Group’s
business that competes or competed or is or was likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the Group’s
business at any time during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report.

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Details of the related party transactions undertaken by the Group are set out in Note 32 to the Financial Statements.
The related party transactions which constitute connected transactions under the Listing Rules are set out in the
paragraph headed “Connected Transactions” below. These connected transactions have complied with the
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2020   27
     Directors’
     Report

     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     One-off Connected Transactions
     During the Reporting Period, the Group had not entered into any non-exempt one-off connected transactions which
     were subject to the reporting, annual review, announcement and/or independent Shareholders’ approval
     requirements under the Listing Rules.

     Continuing Connected Transaction
     On 7 July 2020, Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and Linquan
     Zhongzhihuan Property entered into the Construction Services Agreement, pursuant to which Anhui Zhongzhihuan
     Construction has agreed to act as contractor to provide construction services for the Construction Project to Linquan
     Zhongzhihuan Property with an aggregate amount of service fee of not more than RMB132.72 million (inclusive of
     value-added tax) from time to time for the period commencing on 27 December 2020 until 31 December 2022. Given
     that Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction possesses the necessary qualifications and/or licenses to engage in the
     provision of construction services, the entering into of the Construction Services Agreement allows the Group to
     expand its business into the construction industry in the PRC by engaging in the Construction Project in Anhui
     Province, the PRC. On 27 August 2020, such continuing connected transaction was approved by independent
     Shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company.

     Linquan Zhongzhihuan Property is indirectly wholly-owned by Mr. Yu, who is the Chairman, Chief Executive Officer,
     an executive Director and the controlling shareholder indirectly holding 75% of the issued share capital of the
     Company and therefore a connected person of the Company. As such, Linquan Zhongzhihuan Property is an
     associate of Mr. Yu and therefore also a connected person of the Company and accordingly, the transactions
     contemplated under the Construction Services Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the
     Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Mr. Yu is considered to have material interest in the transactions
     contemplated under the Construction Services Agreement.

     Set out below are Annual Caps and Actual transaction amount for the transactions contemplated under the
     Construction Services Agreement for the relevant periods:

                                                                For the period
                                                                      from the            1 January             1 January
                                                                Effective Date               2021 to               2022 to
                                                              to 31 December           31 December           31 December
                                                                          2020                 2021                  2022
                                                                          RMB                  RMB                   RMB


     Annual Cap                                                     43,451,000            66,299,000           22,970,000
     Actual transaction amount:                                     23,467,400                    NA                   NA

     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing connected transaction and confirmed
     that these transactions were entered into: (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) on normal
     commercial terms or on terms no less favourable to the Group than terms available to independent third parties (as
     defined under the Listing Rules); and (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that
     were fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders of the Company as a whole.

     The Company has engaged its auditors to report on the continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong
     Kong Standards on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or
     Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
     Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
     Accountants. The auditors have issued an unqualified letter to the Board containing their conclusion in relation to the
     continuing connected transactions for the nine months ended 31 December 2020 in accordance with rule 14A.56 of
     the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditors’ letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.


28   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Directors’
Report

MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATED
COMPANIES
Save as disclosed in this annual report, during the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any material acquisitions
or disposals of subsidiaries or associated companies.

SHARE OPTION SCHEME
Pursuant to the written resolutions of the sole Shareholder on 13 March 2018, the Company adopted a share option
scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) with effect from 13 March 2018. The terms of the Share Option Scheme are
in accordance with the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules and are summarised in Appendix IV to the
Prospectus. The main purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to attract and retain the best available personnel, to
provide additional incentive to employees (full time and part-time), Directors, consultants, advisers, distributors,
contractors, suppliers, agents, customers, business partners and services providers of the Group, and to promote
the business of the Group. As at the date of this report, the total number of shares available for issue under the
Share Option Scheme was 105,600,000 Shares, representing 10% of the entire issued share capital of the Company.
No share option had been granted, exercised, cancelled or lapsed since the effective date of the Share Option
Scheme and up to the date of this report. Details of the Share Option Scheme are set out in Note 25 to the Financial
Statements.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Save as disclosed in this annual report relating to the Share Option Scheme, no equity-linked agreements that (i) will
or may result in the Company issuing Shares; or (ii) will require the Company to enter into any agreements that will
or may result in the Company issuing Shares were entered into by the Company during the Reporting Period or
subsisted at the end of the Reporting Period.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association of the Company and there was no restriction against such rights under the laws of Cayman Islands,
which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.

RELIEF FROM TAXATION
The Directors are not aware of any relief from taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their holding of the
Shares.

REMUNERATIONS OF THE DIRECTORS AND THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
Details of the Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid individuals are set out in Note 9 to the Financial
Statements.

The emoluments of the Directors and senior management of the Group are determined by the remuneration
committee of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”) with reference to their relevant qualifications,
experience, competence and the prevailing market conditions. None of the Directors waived or agreed to waive any
emoluments during the Reporting Period.

EMOLUMENT POLICY
The emolument policy of the Group is on the basis of the qualifications and contributions of individuals to the Group.
The Company has adopted the Share Option Scheme as an incentive to eligible employees, details of which are set
out in the paragraph headed “Share Option Scheme” above.

The Directors’ fees are subject to Shareholders’ approval at general meetings. Other emoluments are determined by
the Board with reference to the Directors’ duties, responsibilities and performance, the results of the Group and
comparable market practices.



                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   29
     Directors’
     Report

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     The Company is committed to maintaining the highest standard of corporate practices. Information on the corporate
     governance practices adopted by the Company is set out in the Corporate Governance Report in this annual report.

     DISCLOSURES UNDER RULES 13.20 TO 13.22 OF THE LISTING RULES
     As at 31 December 2020, the Group had no circumstances which would give rise to a disclosure obligation under
     Rule 13.20 to 13.22 of the Listing Rules.

     AUDIT COMMITTEE
     The audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”) had reviewed, together with the management and
     external auditor, the accounting principles and policies adopted by the Group and the audited Financial Statements
     for the Reporting Period.

     AUDITORS
     HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited acted as the auditor of the Group for the Reporting Period. The Financial
     Statements have been audited by HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited, which shall retire in the forthcoming AGM
     and, being eligible, will offer itself for re-appointment. A resolution for its re-appointment as the auditor for the
     coming year will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM. There has been no change in auditors since the Listing Date.




     By order of the Board

     Yu Zhuyun
     Chairman and Executive Director

     Hong Kong, 26 March 2021




30   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Corporate Governance
Report

The Board is committed to high standard of corporate governance with a view to safeguarding the interests of the
Shareholders and achieving accountability as the Group recognises the importance of maximising Shareholders’
value through effective corporate governance procedures.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE
The Company had applied the principles and all the applicable code provisions (the “Code Provisions”) as set out
under the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules during the
Reporting Period and up to the date of this report. The Directors will periodically review the Company’s corporate
governance policies and will propose any amendment, if necessary, to ensure compliance with the Code Provisions
from time to time.

During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, the Company had complied with all the applicable Code
Provisions of the CG Code, except for Code Provision A.2.1 of the CG Code as explained below:

Mr. Yu Zhuyun was appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company (the “CEO”) with effect from 30 April
2020, and is currently serving as both the chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”) and the CEO. Such practice
deviates from Code Provision A.2.1 of the CG Code. The Board believes that vesting the roles of both the Chairman
and the CEO in the same person can facilitate the execution of the Group’s business strategies and enhance its
operational efficiency. The Board is currently comprised of two executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and
three independent non-executive Directors, which is appropriately structured to ensure that there is a balance of
power to provide sufficient checks to protect the interests of the Company and the Shareholders. Therefore, the
Board considers that the deviation from Code Provision A.2.1 of the CG Code is appropriate in such circumstance.

COMPLIANCE WITH THE MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY
DIRECTORS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in
Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”) as its code of conduct for Directors’ securities transactions. In
response to specific enquires by the Company, all Directors have confirmed that they have fully complied with the
requirements set out in the Model Code during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report.

The senior management and staff have been individually notified and advised about the Model Code by the
Company.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS
The Board is responsible for determining the appropriate corporate governance practices applicable to the Company’s
circumstances and ensuring processes and procedures are in place to achieve the Company’s corporate governance
objectives.

The duties of the Board in performing its corporate governance functions under the CG Code include:

1.   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and make
     recommendations;

2.   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
     management of the Company;

3.   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
     requirements;

4.   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to Directors and the
     Company’s employees; and

5.   to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance Report.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   31
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance functions set out in Code Provision D.3.1 of the
     CG Code. As at the date of this annual report, the Board had reviewed and monitored (a) the Company’s corporate
     governance policies and practices; (b) training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
     management; (c) the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; (d) the
     Company’s code of conduct; and (e) the Company’s compliance with the disclosure requirements under the CG
     Code.

     The Company has arranged appropriate insurance coverage on the liabilities of the Directors in respect of any legal
     actions taken against the Directors arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage will be reviewed on an
     annual basis.

     Directors’ Training and Professional Development
     All Directors have been updated with the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and other applicable
     regulatory requirements to ensure their compliance with these requirements and enhance their awareness of good
     corporate governance. All Directors and employees of the Group are encouraged to attend relevant training courses
     to keep abreast of the latest market and regulatory changes and developments. The Board may seek independent
     professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses, in order to assist and ensure that the
     Directors can duly discharge their duties.

     In compliance with Code Provision A.6.5 of the CG Code, the Company has allocated and provided funding to all
     Directors to participate in continuous professional development organized in the form of seminars and in house
     training and/or relevant reading materials on the latest development of applicable laws, the Listing Rules and
     corporate governance practices.

     All Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Code Provision A.6.5 of the CG Code. During the Reporting
     Period, each of the Directors had participated in continuous professional development by attending seminars,
     courses or conferences and by reading related materials to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.

     THE BOARD
     Role and Function
     The Board is responsible for the overall leadership of the Group. It oversees the Group’s strategic decisions and
     monitors its business and performance. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day
     management and operations of the Group to the senior management of the Group. To oversee particular aspects of
     the Company’s affairs, the Board has established three Board committees, including the Audit Committee, the
     nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) and the Remuneration Committee (together, the “Board
     Committees”). The Board has delegated to the Board Committees responsibilities as set out in their respective
     terms of references. Further details of the Board Committees are set out in the paragraph headed “Board
     Committees” below.

     Composition
     As at the date of this annual report, the Board was chaired by Mr. Yu Zhuyun and comprised seven members,
     including two executive Directors, two non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. The
     list of Directors is set out in the Directors’ Report in this annual report.

     There is a balance of skills and experience within the Board, which is appropriate for the requirements of the
     business of the Company. Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Biographies of
     Directors and Senior Management” in this annual report. The Directors have no financial, business, family or other
     material or relevant relationship with each other.




32   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Corporate Governance
Report

Board Diversity Policy
The Board has adopted a board diversity policy (the“Board Diversity Policy”), with a view to achieve a sustainable
and balanced development of the Group. In designing the Board’s composition, board diversity has been considered
from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, culture and educational background, ethnicity,
professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on
meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, with due regard to the benefits of diversity
on the Board. The Board Diversity Policy is reviewed annually by the Nomination Committee to ensure effectiveness,
and revisions will be made with the approval from the Board where appropriate.

Independent Non-executive Directors
During the Reporting Period, the Company had three independent non-executive Directors representing more than
one-third of the Board, which is in compliance with Rules 3.10(1) and 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules. Mr. Wang Wenxing
is the independent non-executive Director with appropriate professional qualifications and accounting or related
financial management expertise. No less than one third of the Directors are subject to retirement by rotation at each
AGM in accordance with the Restated Articles.

The independent non-executive Directors are considered by the Board to be independent of the management and
free of any relationship that could materially interfere with the exercise of their independent judgments. The Board
considered that each of the independent non-executive Directors brings his own relevant expertise to the Board and
its deliberations. None of the independent non-executive Directors has any business or financial interests in the
Group nor any relationship with other Directors.

The Company has received a written annual confirmation from each independent non-executive Director of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all independent non-executive
Directors to be independent in accordance with the independence guidelines as set out in the Listing Rules.

All Directors, including independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business
experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning. Independent non-
executive Directors are invited to serve on the Board Committees.

Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors
The Company has established the Nomination Committee on 13 March 2018. The Nomination Committee has from
time to time identified individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and made recommendations to the
Board. The main consideration in selecting candidates for directorships is whether their characters, qualifications and
experiences are appropriate for the businesses of the Group.

Each of the executive, non-executive and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a contract for
appointment with the Company for a term of three years and is subject to the termination provisions therein and the
provisions on retirement by rotation of Directors as set out in the Restated Articles.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   33
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     According to the Restated Articles, any Director so appointed by the Board shall hold office, in the case of filling a
     casual vacancy, only until the next AGM or, in the case of an addition to their number, until the next AGM who shall
     then be eligible for re-election at such general meeting. Every Director is appointed for a specific term and is subject
     to retirement by rotation at least once every three years.

     In accordance with Article 108(a) of the Restated Articles, at each AGM, at least one third of the Directors for the
     time being, or, if the number is not three or a multiple of three, then the number nearest to but not less than one
     third, shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director (including those appointed for a specific term)
     shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director shall be eligible for re-
     election.

     Nomination Policy
     The Board has adopted a nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) on 31 December 2018 which sets out the
     criteria and process in the nomination and appointment of Directors, and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance
     of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company as well as the Board’s continuity and
     appropriate leadership. The Nomination Committee shall identify candidates who are qualified or suitable to become
     members of the Board and make a recommendation to the Board on the selection of candidates nominated for
     directorships. The selection of candidates will be based on a range of selection criteria as set out in the Nomination
     Policy, including but not limited to, character and integrity, qualification, potential contributions the candidate can
     bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skill, experience and gender diversity, the candidate’s willingness and
     ability to devote adequate time to discharge his/her duties as a member of the Board.

     For the appointment of Directors, the Nomination Committee will first identify individual(s) suitably qualified to
     become Board members and, where appropriate, assess their independence. Then, the Nomination Committee will
     make recommendation to the Board for the Board to consider, having regard to the Board Diversity Policy and the
     Nomination Policy. The Board will confirm the appointment of the suitable candidate(s) or recommend the
     candidate(s) to stand for election at a general meeting of the Company. The candidate(s) who is/are appointed by the
     Board to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition to the Board will be subject to re-election by Shareholders at the next
     AGM after initial appointment in accordance with the Restated Articles.

     For the re-appointment of Directors, the Nomination Committee will also consider the retiring Directors based on the
     Board Diversity Policy and the Nomination Policy and, where appropriate, assess their independence before the
     Nomination Committee makes a recommendation to the Board. After the Board considers each retiring director, the
     Board will recommend the suitable retiring director(s) to stand for re-election at the AGM in accordance with the
     Restated Articles. The Shareholders will approve the re-election of Directors at the AGM.

     The Nomination Committee shall review the structure, size, composition and diversity of the Board at least annually
     to ensure that it has a balance of expertise, skills and experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate for the
     business of the Company.




34   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Corporate Governance
Report

Board Meetings
Pursuant to Code Provision A.1.1 of the CG Code, the Board should meet regularly and board meetings should be
held at least four times per year. The Board meets regularly to formulate the Group’s overall strategies as well as
discuss the Group’s operation and financial performance. Additional meetings would be arranged if and when
required. Directors may participate either in person or through electronic means of communications. During the
Reporting Period, there were five board meetings and three general meetings. The attendance record of each
member of the Board of the board meetings and the general meeting is set out below:

                                                                                    Meetings attended/                  Meetings attended/
                                                                                     number of general                    number of Board
Name of Director                                                                             meetings                            meetings


Executive Directors
Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) (1)                                                   2/3(5)                          4/5(4)
Mr. Li Menglin (1)                                                                                         2/3(5)                          4/5
Mr. Zhu Fei (2)                                                                                            0/3(5)                          0/5

Non-executive Directors
Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                                                                                            2/3(5)                           4/5
Ms. Zhu Yujuan                                                                                             1/3(5)                           4/5
Mr. Gao Jian (3)                                                                                           0/3(5)                           3/5

Independent non-executive Directors
Dr. Li David Xianglin                                                                                      1/3(5)                          5/5(4)
Mr. Wang Wenxing                                                                                           1/3(5)                          5/5(4)
Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                                                                         1/3(5)                          4/5(4)

Notes:


(1)      Appointed on 30 April 2020


(2)      Resigned on 30 April 2020


(3)      Resigned on 23 October 2020


(4)      Including a meeting held by the Chairman with the independent non-executive Directors without the presence of other Directors


(5)      Including a general meeting held by the independent non-executive Directors and independent shareholders without the presence of other
         directors.


Access to Information
The Directors may, at the Company’s expenses, seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances.
The Company will, upon request, provide separate independent professional advice to Directors to assist the relevant
Directors to discharge their duties to the Company.

The Board is supplied with relevant information by the senior management pertaining to matters to be brought
before the Board for decision as well as reports relating to the Group’s operational and financial performance before
each Board meeting. Where any of the Directors requires more information than is volunteered by the senior
management, each Director has the right to separately and independently access the Company’s senior management
for further enquiries if necessary.




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2020   35
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     BOARD COMMITTEES
     In accordance with the Restated Articles and the Listing Rules, the Board has established Board Committees,
     namely, the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee, for overseeing
     particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board Committees are established with defined terms of reference
     relating to their respective authorities and duties, which have been approved by the Board and are reviewed
     periodically. The terms of reference of the Board Committees are posted on the websites of the Company and the
     Stock Exchange, and are available to Shareholders upon request.

     Audit Committee
     The Company established the Audit Committee on 13 March 2018 in accordance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules
     with the written terms of reference (which have been revised and adopted by the Board on 31 December 2018) in
     compliance with the CG Code.

     The Audit Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Wang Wenxing, Mr. Qiao Xiaoge and Dr. Li David
     Xianglin. Mr. Wang Wenxing currently serves as the chairperson of the Audit Committee.

     The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee include: (i) to make recommendations to the Board on the
     appointment, reappointment and removal of external auditors; (ii) to review and monitor the external auditors’
     independence and objectivity; (iii) to review the effectiveness of the Company’s internal audit activities, internal
     controls and risk management systems; (iv) to develop and implement policy on engaging external auditors to supply
     non-audit services, and to review and monitor the extent of the non-audit works undertaken by external auditors; and
     (v) to monitor the integrity of the financial statements, the annual reports and accounts and half-year reports and to
     review significant financial reporting judgments contained in them.

     The Audit Committee has explicit authority to investigate any activity within its terms of reference and the authority
     to obtain outside legal or other independent professional advice if necessary. It is given access to and assistance
     from the employees and reasonable resources to discharge its duties properly.

     During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held three meetings to review the annual and interim financial
     results of the Group for submission to the Board for approval, review the internal control and risk management
     systems of the Group, oversee the audit process and make recommendations on the re-appointment of the external
     auditors. During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, there had been no disagreement
     between the Board and the Audit Committee.

     The attendance record of each member of the Audit Committee during the Reporting Period is set out below:

                                                                                                  Meeting(s) attended/
     Audit Committee                                                                                 Eligible to attend


     Mr. Wang Wenxing (Chairperson)                                                                                   3/3
     Mr. Qiao Xiaoge                                                                                                  3/3
     Dr. Li David Xianglin                                                                                            3/3




36   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Corporate Governance
Report

Nomination Committee
The Company established the Nomination Committee on 13 March 2018 with written terms of reference (which
have been revised and adopted by the Board on 31 December 2018) in compliance with the CG Code. The
Nomination Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Yu Zhuyun, Mr. Wang Wenxing and Dr. Zhou
Chunsheng. Mr. Yu Zhuyun currently serves as the chairperson of the Nomination Committee.

The primary responsibilities of the Nomination Committee include: (i) to review the structure, size, composition and
diversity of the Board in accordance with the Board Diversity Policy at least annually; (ii) to identify individuals suitably
qualified to become Board members; (iii) to assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors; (iv) to
make recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating to the appointment or re-appointment of Directors
and succession planning for Directors; and (v) to make recommendations to the Board regarding candidates to fill
vacancies on the Board and/or senior management.

The Nomination Committee held two meetings during the Reporting Period to review the structure, size and
composition of the Board in accordance with the Board Diversity Policy, assess the independence of the independent
non-executive Directors and make recommendations to the Board on the proposal of re-appointment of Directors at
the forthcoming AGM.

The attendance record of each member of the Nomination Committee during the Reporting Period is set out below:

                                                                                                   Meeting(s) attended/
Nomination Committee                                                                                  Eligible to attend


Mr. Yu Zhuyun (Chairperson)                                                                                             2/2
Mr. Wang Wenxing                                                                                                        2/2
Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                                                                                      1/2

Remuneration Committee
The Company established the Remuneration Committee on 13 March 2018 in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the
Listing Rules with written terms of reference (which has been revised and adopted by the Board on 31 December
2018) in compliance with the CG Code. The Remuneration Committee consists of three members, namely Dr. Li
David Xianglin, Dr. Zhou Chunsheng and Ms. Zhu Yujuan. Dr. Li David Xianglin currently serves as the chairperson of
the Remuneration Committee.

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include: (i) to review and make recommendations to the Board
on the overall remuneration policy and structure relating to all Directors and senior management of the Group; (ii) to
make recommendation to the Board on the remuneration of independent non-executive Directors; (iii) to review and
make recommendations to the Board on other remuneration-related matters, including benefits-in-kinds and the
compensation payable to the Directors and senior management; (iv) to review performance-based remuneration and
to establish a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies in relation to remuneration; and (v) to consider
the salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and responsibilities and employment conditions
elsewhere in the Company and its subsidiaries.

The remuneration of the Directors and senior management is determined with reference to the responsibilities, the
workload, the time devoted and the performance of the Directors and senior management. The Remuneration
Committee also ensures that no individual will be involved in determining his/her own remuneration.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2020   37
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     The remuneration of the Group’s senior management during the Reporting Period is listed below by band:

     Band of remuneration                                                                                No. of person(s)


     Up to HK$1,000,000                                                                                                  2

     Further details of the remuneration of the Directors and the five highest paid employees is set out in Note 9 to the
     Financial Statements.

     During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee held one meeting to review the performance and
     remuneration packages of individual Directors and senior management.

     The attendance record of each member of the Remuneration Committee during the Reporting Period is set out
     below:

                                                                                                   Meeting(s) attended/
     Remuneration Committee                                                                           Eligible to attend


     Dr. Li David Xianglin (Chairperson)                                                                               1/1
     Ms. Zhu Yujuan (1)                                                                                                1/1
     Dr. Zhou Chunsheng                                                                                                1/1
     Mr. Gao Jian (2)                                                                                                  0/1

     Notes:


     (1)      Appointed on 23 October 2020


     (2)      Resigned on 23 October 2020


     AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
     The Audit Committee is responsible for considering the appointment and re-election of our Company’s external
     auditor and reviewing any non-audit functions performed by the external auditors, including whether such non-audit
     functions could lead to any potential material adverse effect to the Company.

     For the Reporting Period, the remuneration paid/payable to the external auditors, HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited,
     in respect of its audit services and non-audit services was approximately HK$1,360,000 and HK$345,000, respectively.

     COMPANY SECRETARY
     Ms. Li Sin Ching (“Ms. Li”) of Tricor Services Limited (“Tricor”), our external service provider of company secretarial
     services, has been appointed as the Company Secretary since 29 November 2019. During the Reporting Period,
     Ms. Li had taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing
     Rules. The biography of Ms. Li is set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior Management”
     in this annual report.

     Tricor’s primary contact person at the Company is Mr. Yu Zhuyun, an executive Director and Mr. Che Kean Tat, Vice
     President and CFO.




38   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Corporate Governance
Report

DIRECTORS’ AND AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge and understand their responsibility in relation to the preparation of the Financial
Statements and seek to ensure that the Financial Statements are prepared in a manner which give a true and fair
view of the state of affairs of the Group as a going concern and are in compliance with the relevant accounting
standards and principles, applicable laws and disclosure requirements under the Listing Rules. In presenting the
Financial Statements, announcements and other financial disclosures required under the Listing Rules, the Directors
aim to present a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of the position and prospects of the Group. The
Directors are of the view that the Financial Statements were prepared on this basis. The Directors were not aware of
any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern.

The statement by the auditors of the Group regarding their reporting responsibilities on the Financial Statements is
set out in the Independent Auditors’ Report in this annual report.

DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has established a dividend policy (the “Dividend Policy”) on 31 December 2018 with an aim to strike a
balance between maintaining sufficient capital to develop and operate the business of the Group and rewarding the
Shareholders. According to the Dividend Policy, in deciding whether to propose a dividend and in determining the
dividend amount, the Board shall take into account the following factors:

(a)   the Company’s operating results, actual and expected financial performance;

(b)   retained earnings and distributable reserves of the Company and each of the members of the Group;

(c)   the level of the Group’s debts to equity ratio, return on equity and the relevant financial covenants;

(d)   any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group’s lenders;

(e)   the Group’s expected working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements and future expansion
      plans;

(f)   the Group’s liquidity position;

(g)   general economic conditions, business cycle of the Group’s business and other internal and external factors
      that may have an impact on the business or financial performance and position of the Company; and

(h)   any other factors that the Board may deem appropriate and relevant.

The declaration and payment of dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies
Laws of the Cayman Islands, any applicable laws, rules and regulations and the Restated Articles. The declaration
and payment of future dividend under the Dividend Policy are subject to the Board’s determination that the same
would be in the best interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole. The Board will review the Dividend
Policy from time to time and may exercise at its sole and absolute discretion to update, amend and/or modify the
Dividend Policy at any time as it deems fit and necessary.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2020   39
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
     The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the Company’s risk management and internal control systems, and for
     reviewing its effectiveness. The Board oversees the Group’s overall risk management and internal control systems on
     an ongoing basis. At the same time, the Group endeavors to identify risks, control impact of the identified risks and
     facilitate the implementation of coordinated mitigating measures. The risk management and internal control systems
     are compatible with the principles in the Committee of Sponsoring Organisations of Treadway Commission (COSO) —
     Integrated Framework 2013, which are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failures in order to achieve
     business objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

     The Group has established a risk management policy which sets out the process of identification, evaluation and
     management of the principal risks affecting the business. Each division is responsible for identifying and assessing
     principal risks within itself and establishing mitigation plans to manage the risks identified. The senior management is
     responsible for overseeing the Group’s risk management and internal control activities, attending meetings with each
     division to ensure principal risks are properly managed, and new risks are identified and documented. The Board is
     responsible for reviewing and approving the effectiveness and adequacy of the Group’s risk management and
     internal control systems.

     The Group does not have an internal audit department. The Group has conducted an annual review on whether there
     is a need for such an internal audit department. Given the Group’s relatively simple corporate and operation structure,
     as opposed to diverting resources to establish a separate internal audit department, the Board, supported by the
     Audit Committee, is directly responsible for risk management and internal control systems of the Group and for
     reviewing its effectiveness. The Board has put in place adequate measures to perform the internal audit function for
     different aspects of the Group. The Audit Committee and the Board are satisfied with the effectiveness and
     adequacy of the risk management and internal control systems of the Group.

     INSIDE INFORMATION POLICY
     The Group has adopted a policy on disclosure of insider information with the aim to ensure that the insiders are
     abiding by the confidentiality requirements and are fulfilling the disclosure obligations of the inside information.

     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS
     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders and potential investors is essential for
     facilitating investor relations and enhancing their understanding of the Group’s business, performance and strategies.
     The Company has adopted the shareholders’ communication policy with the objective of ensuring that the Shareholders
     and potential investors are provided with ready, equal and timely access to balanced and understandable information
     about the Company (including financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material development, governance and
     risk profile). The Company also recognizes the importance of timely and non-selective disclosure of information, which
     will enable Shareholders and potential investors to make informed investment decisions.

     To promote effective communication, the Company maintains the website of www.chghk.com, where up-to-date
     information of the Company’s business operations and developments, financial information, corporate governance
     practices and other information is available for public access. Latest information of the Group, including annual and interim
     reports, announcements and other corporate communications which will be sent to Shareholders and/or published, are
     updated on the website of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company (www.chghk.com) in a timely
     fashion.

     The forthcoming AGM of the Company will be held on Friday, 18 June 2021. The notice of the AGM, setting out the
     details of each proposed resolution, voting procedures and other relevant information, will be sent to the
     Shareholders at least 21 days or 20 clear business days (whichever period is longer) before the AGM.




40   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Corporate Governance
Report

SHAREHOLDER’S RIGHTS
Procedures for Convening General Meetings by Shareholders
The Company’s general meeting provides an opportunity for communication between the Shareholders and the
Board. In accordance with Article 72 of the Restated Articles, at any general meeting, a resolution put to the vote of
the meeting shall be decided by poll save that the chairman of the meeting may, pursuant to the Listing Rules, allow
a resolution be voted by a show of hands. The chairman will explain such rights and procedures during the AGM
before voting on the resolutions.

Pursuant to Article 64 of the Restated Articles, Shareholders can make a requisition to convene an extraordinary
general meeting (the “EGM”). The procedure of the Shareholders to convene an EGM are as follows:

1.   any one or more shareholders (the “Requisitionist”) holding, at the date of deposit of requisition, not less than
     one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings shall have the
     right, by written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary, to require an EGM to be called by the
     Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and

2.   such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such
     deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the Requisitionist(s) himself/themselves may do
     so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the Requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of
     the Board shall be reimbursed to the Requisitionist(s) by the Company.

Procedures for Putting Forward Proposals at Shareholders’ Meetings
Shareholders are requested to follow Article 64 of the Restated Articles for including a resolution at an EGM. The
requirements and procedures are set out in the paragraph headed “Procedures for Convening General Meetings by
Shareholders” above.

Shareholders are welcomed to suggest proposals relating to the operations, strategies and/or management of the
Group at Shareholders’ meetings. Proposals shall be sent by written requisition of his/her proposal (the “Proposal”)
together with his/her detailed contact information to the Board or the Company Secretary at the Company’s principal
place of business in Hong Kong as set out in the section headed “Corporation Information” in this annual report.

The request will be verified with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong and upon their confirmation that
the request is proper and in order, the Board will be asked to include the Proposal in the agenda for the general
meeting.

The notice period to be given to the Shareholders for consideration of the Proposal raised by the Shareholder
concerned at the general meeting varies according to the nature of the Proposal as follows:

—    at least 21 days’ or 20 clear business days’ (whichever period is longer) notice in writing if the Proposal requires
     approval by way of resolution in an AGM; and

—    at least 14 days’ or 10 clear business days’ (whichever period is longer) notice in writing if the Proposal requires
     approval by way of resolution in any EGM.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   41
     Corporate Governance
     Report

     Procedures by which enquiries may be put to the Board
     For matters in relation to the Board, Shareholders may send their enquiries and concerns to the Board by addressing
     them to the Board or the Company Secretary by mail to the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong set
     out in the section headed “Corporation Information” in this annual report.

     For share registration related matters, such as share transfers and registrations, change of name or address, loss of
     share certificates or dividends warrants, the registered Shareholder can contact:

     Branch Share Registrar and Transfer Office in Hong Kong
     Boardroom Share Registrars (HK) Limited
     2103B, 21st Floor
     148 Electric Road
     North Point
     Hong Kong
     Tel: (852) 2153-1688
     Fax: (852) 3020-5058

     SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
     There had been no significant changes in the constitutional documents of the Company during the Reporting Period.




42   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


ABOUT THIS REPORT
This report highlights the initiatives and efforts of the Group in fulfilling its commitment to sustainable development
and corporate social responsibility in the course of its business. During the Reporting Period, the Group was engaged
as a contractor in Hong Kong undertaking (i) foundation works, which include piling works, excavation and lateral
support works, and pile cap construction; (ii) superstructure works, which include building works in relation to the
parts of the structure above ground level; and (iii) other construction works, such as demolition, site-formation,
ground-investigation, minor-job, hoarding, alteration and addition works, as well as fitting-out works. In addition, the
Group is engaged in property development, investment business, logistics business and information technology
development in the PRC.

During the Reporting Period, the Board supervised the Group’s strategies, policies and reports on sustainable
development, monitored the Group’s continuous compliance with relevant laws and regulations, and sought to
improve the Group’s operation by improving the efficiency of its business operations and resource utilisation, and by
taking environmental protection measures to improve the Group’s performance in the sustainable development
arena. Under the general oversight of the Board, we keep monitoring the Group’s progress made against corporate
goals and targets for addressing various environmental, social and governance aspects that are material pertaining to
the Group’s businesses.

REPORTING SCOPE AND STANDARDS
This report is prepared in accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide (the “Guide”)
as set out in Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules. The reporting principles of materiality, quantitative and consistency as
set out in the Guide underpin the content of this report. The information in this Environmental, Social and Governance
Report is based on the Group’s official documents and statistical data, as well as on an integration and summary of
monitoring, management and operational information provided by its subsidiaries during the Reporting Period. The
corporate governance practices of the Group are set out in the Corporate Governance Report from pages 31 to 42 of
this annual report.

MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT
To identify issues which are material to the Group’s economic, social and environmental aspects, or substantially
influential to the assessments and decisions of our stakeholders, we conduct a materiality assessment from time to
time to identify such issues which indicate the shared concerns of the Group and our various stakeholders. The on-
going dialogues with our stakeholders assist us in identifying whether the Group has any material sustainability
issues. We will continue to identify areas for improvement and stay in close communication with stakeholders to
further enhance our environmental, social and governance management. With the identified areas of improvement,
we aim to holistically integrate our values and corporate responsibility commitments into our business model and
corporate culture, which will in turn support our growth in the long run.

PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT
Given the nature of our business, our operations inevitably cause air and noise pollution. We are committed to
promoting sustainability in terms of both business development and impact on the environment. We embrace
principles and practices that help promote a sustainable future, by introducing environmentally friendly business
practices, raising employee awareness of environmental protection and complying with the relevant environmental
laws and regulations.

In addition, BEAM Plus eco-friendly certification has been implemented in some of our projects, according to our
customers’ requirements. Recognised and certified by the Hong Kong Green Building Council, BEAM Plus offers a
comprehensive set of performance criteria for a wide range of sustainability issues relating to the planning, design,
construction, commissioning, management, operation and maintenance of a building. By providing a fair and
objective assessment of a building’s overall performance throughout its life cycle, BEAM Plus enables us to
demonstrate our commitment to sustainable development.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   43
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     We have also established an environmental management system accredited with ISO 14001:2015 standard
     certification by the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency (“HKQAA”). To meet the ISO 14001:2015 requirements
     and BEAM Plus standards, the Group has developed environmental management policies and procedures to improve
     its ability to efficiently identify, minimise, prevent and manage environmental impact as it arises, thereby reducing
     the associated risks.

     EMISSIONS
     As the Group is principally engaged in the construction industry, it is inevitable that our operational activities generate
     greenhouse gases (“GHG”), noise, waste and effluents. To minimise these impacts, the Group implements industry-
     standard measures and continues to seek practical means of mitigation in our operations.

     Construction materials such as sand and cement stored outdoors as well as dust from exposed construction areas
     are easily scattered in dry and windy weather. To mitigate the impact, all dusty stockpiled materials are covered with
     tarpaulin or fabric sheets, and the area is watered properly or enclosed with dust screens where dust-generating
     activities take place.

     In accordance with the Air Pollution Control (Non-road Mobile Machinery) (Emission) Regulation (Cap. 311Z, Laws of
     Hong Kong), all our machineries used on site are approved or exempted by the Environmental Protection Department
     of Hong Kong.

     For the Reporting Period, air emissions generated by the Group were as follows:

                                                                                              Nine months
                                                                                                    ended
                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                  Unit               2020            2019/20


     Emissions data from Vehicles
      Nitrogen Oxide (NOx)                                                        kg                   98.21            72.58
      Sulphur Oxide (SOx)                                                         kg                    0.15             0.21
      Particulate Matter (PM)                                                     kg                    8.44             6.63

     For the Reporting Period, the Group’s GHG emissions were as follows:

                                                                                              Nine months
                                                                                                    ended
                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                  Unit               2020            2019/20


     Direct emission (Scope 1)
       GHG emissions from mobile combustion             Carbon Dioxide (CO2)      tonne                29.88            34.82
       sources                                          Methane (CH4)             kg                   47.47            55.43
                                                        Nitrous oxide (N2O)       tonne                 7.08             3.81

     Energy indirect emissions (Scope 2)
       Electricity purchased from power companies Carbon Dioxide (CO2)            tonne                63.69            58.00

     Other indirect emissions (Scope 3)
       Paper waste disposed at landfills                Carbon Dioxide (CO2)      tonne                  3.1             5.60
       Electricity used for processing fresh water      Carbon Dioxide (CO2)      tonne                 0.37             2.06
        and sewage by government department




44   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


WASTE MANAGEMENT
Since we are engaged in the provision of construction services, it is expected that our operating activities (i.e. site-
formation works, foundation works and building construction and superstructure works) will generate significant
amounts of construction and demolition materials (“C&D materials”). C&D materials consist of general inert and non-
inert waste. Over 90% of construction waste is inert, including rubble, earth and concrete, and is suitable for land
reclamation and site formation. Non-inert substances include bamboo, timber, vegetation, packaging waste and other
organic materials. Non-inert waste is not suitable for land reclamation nor reusable or recyclable, and is disposed of
at landfills.

Under the Group’s current practices, construction waste is sorted and segregated into inert waste and non-inert
waste at our project sites. Recyclable inert waste is used as sub-base for access roads and footpaths. If applicable,
excavated soil is used for backfilling to minimise the quantity of waste disposal. Unsuitable inert waste is disposed of
at the public fill reception facilities operated by the Civil Engineering and Development Department of Hong Kong.

Suitable facilities have also been provided at the Group’s head office to encourage employees to sort and recycle
wastes to achieve the objective of reducing wastes. Examples include setting up designated areas to collect used
papers, plastic bottles and cans for recycling and arranging for an authorised recycling company to collect toner
cartridges. The Group maintains high standards in waste reduction, educates its employees in the significance of
sustainable development and provides relevant support to enhance their skills and knowledge in sustainable
development.

For the Reporting Period, the amount of non-hazardous waste produced by the Group was as follows:

                                                                                       Nine months
                                                                                             ended
                                                                                       31 December
                                                             Unit                             2020            2019/20


Total construction waste                                     tonne                            22,597           20,629
Construction waste intensity                                 tonne/construction site           2,248            1,146

Given the nature of our business of foundation, superstructure and other construction works, no significant
hazardous waste was generated from our operations during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   45
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     USE OF RESOURCES
     The Group’s major use of resources includes energy and water consumption. Both offices and project sites consume
     electricity and fuel. Electricity consumption mainly comes from office use, while fuel consumption is mostly involved
     with equipment operation and ground transportation during delivery.

     The Group understands that every procedure in construction work has the potential to cause adverse environmental
     impact. The management is in constant pursuit of green solutions. Great emphasis has been put on efficient
     consumption by stepping up maintenance of construction equipment and optimising operational standards. A variety
     of energy conservation and pollution reduction measures have also been implemented in offices and construction
     sites, details of which are set out as follows:

     Office          •   Setting and maintaining average room temperatures at 24–26°C;
                     •   Switching office equipment (e.g. printers, computers and monitors) to sleep mode when they are
                         idle;
                     •   Installing energy-friendly electrical appliances and devices, including LED lighting and computers;
                     •   Giving priority in purchasing electrical appliances to those with energy efficient labelling (i.e. Grade
                         1 — the most energy efficient in the market); and
                     •   Dividing lighting systems into small zones, enabling a more flexible approach towards energy
                         saving.

     Site            •   Switching off non-essential lighting as well as idle machinery and equipment;
                     •   Enhancing the maintenance and overhauling procedures to maintain equipment in optimal condition
                         for effective use of energy; and
                     •   Using various communications channels (posters, signs and memos) to promote energy
                         conservation.

     We will keep improving the effectiveness of our electrical energy conservation measures, as well as the efficiency of
     electrical energy consumption in the coming years.

     The major source of the Group’s water consumption is office operation and construction activities. The Group has
     various water conservation measures in offices and project sites. We encourage all employees and sub-contractors
     to develop the habit of consciously conserving water. At construction sites, wastewater is collected and properly
     treated by onsite wastewater treatment facilities, and then reused for dust suppression and vehicle wheel washing
     or ground mud. In addition, we regularly assess our utility facilities, and water seepage or leaking pipelines must be
     repaired or replaced on a timely basis. During the Reporting Period, the Group encountered no issue in sourcing
     water that is fit for purpose.

     For the Reporting Period, the Group’s electricity and water consumption was as follows:

                                                                                               Nine months
                                                                                                     ended
                                                                                               31 December
                                                                    Unit                              2020            2019/20


     Electricity Consumption                                        kWh                              476,299          104,015
                                                                    kWh/employee                       1,246            2,889
     Water Consumption                                              m3                                96,503            4,259
                                                                    m3/employee                          252              118

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s operations did not involve significant use of packaging materials.




46   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


ENVIRONMENT AND NATURAL RESOURCES
In compliance with applicable environmental legislation, the Group expects its business operations to have minimal
direct impact on the environment and natural resources. We regularly assess the environmental risks of our
operations and adopt preventive measures as necessary. For instance, office paper for in-house printing is with
Forest Stewardship Council (“FSC”) certification. The FSC, a forestry certification system, sets standards for
responsible forest management and guarantees that paper comes from a responsibly managed forestry process and
supply chain. Documents in electronic format and email transmission are encouraged to reduce paper usage.

With the implementation of the measures mentioned above, the Group believes that it can achieve the objectives of
energy conservation, waste reduction and green office promotion. We will continue to look for opportunities to
reduce further emissions and waste to minimise the impact on the environment and natural resources caused by our
operations.

During the Reporting Period, the Group complied with all relevant environmental laws and regulations in Hong Kong,
including but not limited to the Air Pollution Control Ordinance (Cap. 311, Laws of Hong Kong), Air Pollution Control
(Non-road Mobile Machinery) (Emission) Regulation (Cap. 311Z, Laws of Hong Kong), Waste Disposal Ordinance
(Cap. 354, Laws of Hong Kong), Water Pollution Control Ordinance (Cap. 358, Laws of Hong Kong), Noise Control
Ordinance (Cap. 400, Laws of Hong Kong), Dumping at Sea Ordinance (Cap. 466, Laws of Hong Kong),
Environmental Impact Assessment Ordinance (Cap. 499, Laws of Hong Kong).

During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations
that have a significant impact on the Group in relation to air and GHG emissions, noise control, discharges into water
and land, and generation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste.

EMPLOYMENT AND LABOUR PRACTICES
The Group places high priority on compliance with the relevant employment and labour laws and regulations in Hong
Kong and ensures that employment and labour practices are implemented according to anti-discrimination ordinances
and the guidance under the Employment Ordinance (Cap. 57, Laws of Hong Kong), the Minimum Wage Ordinance
(Cap. 608, Laws of Hong Kong) and the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance (Cap. 485, Laws of Hong
Kong), as well as industry features and practices. The Group safeguards the legitimate interests of labourers in
accordance with the requirements of all applicable laws and regulations, respects the rights of employees to rest and
leaves, and regulates their working hours according to their rights to various types of rest times and holidays.

The Group complies strictly with local laws and regulations by adopting a fair, just and open recruitment process and
developing rules to eliminate discrimination based on race, gender, colour, age, family status, ethnic tradition,
religion, physical fitness or nationality, thus allowing fair treatment in every aspect including recruitment, promotion,
dismissal, remuneration, benefits, training and development. Employees are encouraged to report any unlawful
discrimination or any form of harassment. The Group investigates cases expeditiously and takes appropriate
corrective actions once the allegations have been confirmed.

The Group recognises employees as one of the most valuable assets and its core competitive advantage, and
therefore provides employees with good promotion prospects. With the aim of rewarding and motivating employees
and assisting them in their career development within the Group, a performance appraisal system has been
established to regularly review staff performance and remuneration. With reference to the prevailing market rates,
our employees’ salaries are reviewed annually based on performance.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   47
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     Employment contracts are signed between all employees and the Group covering matters such as wages, benefits
     and grounds for termination. The Group’s remuneration policies and benefit plans are reviewed by the management
     on a regular basis. The Group grants discretionary bonuses to qualified employees based on operational results and
     individual performance.

     Open communication is an important element in achieving effective workplace management. We believe proper
     communication with employees can help employees understand the Group’s business strategies and future
     development. All employees are welcome to make comments and suggestions through various communication
     channels, such as letters, emails and reports to their direct supervisors or department heads. Information, opinions
     and suggestions gathered are followed up and raised for discussion with senior management.

     STAFF COMPOSITION
     The Group is principally engaged in construction services, which demands physical strength. Hence, traditionally
     male employees are a majority in the workforce of the construction business. However, the Group is committed to
     striking a balance between male and female employees in its working environment, and providing equal opportunities
     for different genders.

     As at 31 December 2020, we employed a total of 382 staff, including back office and site staff. Our staff members
     are located in Hong Kong and the PRC.

     Employees by Gender                                 Employees by Age Group

                                                                             Over 60 years old,
                                            Male,                                   24
                                            255
                                                                                                  18–30 years old,
                                                                                                        88

                                           Female,        51–60 years old,
                                            127                 114
                                                                                                      31–40 years old,
                                                                                                            68


                                                                  41–50 years old,
                                                                        88


     Employees by Employment Category


      Senior Management               19


     Middle Management                          68


               Junior staffs               42


         Casual employees                                            253




48   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


Staff Turnover
During the Reporting Period, the Group had a turnover rate of approximately 13.2%. The employee turnover rate by
gender is rather low, with 18.7% for our male staff and none of our female staff leaving the Group.

During the Reporting Period, employee turnover categorised by age was as follows: 33.3% of those in the 18 to 30
years bracket, 10.0% of those in the 31 to 40 bracket, 10.5% of those in the 41 to 50 bracket, 7.4% in the 51 to 60
bracket, and 9.1% of those over 60 years old left the Group.

For the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations that
have a significant impact on the Group in relation to compensation and dismissal, recruitment or promotion, working
hours, rest periods, equal opportunities, diversity, anti-discrimination or other benefits and welfare.

HEALTH AND SAFETY
Recognising that construction is one of the higher risk industries in terms of occupational health and safety (“OHS”),
we put safety first and are committed to maintaining a workplace which is safe for our employees. The Group seeks
to reduce injury risks and occupational diseases by establishing OHS management systems accredited with OHSAS
18001:2007, certified by HKQAA, as well as organising safety trainings for our workforce. At the workplace, sufficient
first-aid kits are in place, and regular checking and maintenance of machines, equipment and fire extinguishers are
conducted to safeguard employees’ health and safety.

As there are machineries and other equipment in the construction sites, employees will be more prone to industrial
accidents. Hence, we are determined to ensure that all construction works are carried out in accordance with health
and safety standards in construction. The Group aims to provide a safe occupational environment and minimise
health and safety risk at our project sites. Warning signs are posted in prominent positions, detailing potential health
impact, handling procedures and preventive measures. Personal protective equipment such as safety helmets, safety
goggles, safety shoes and reflective clothing are provided and are required for all personnel who work at project
sites.

Relevant OHS training is provided to our staff and workers, such as safety induction training, safety toolbox talks,
specific training for high-risk activities and periodic contingency drills to heighten employee awareness of workplace
hazards and ensure they are competent to discharge their OHS responsibilities and obligations and respond to
emergencies. Regular safety inspections of our project sites are carried out by our safety officer to ensure that the
Group’s existing business operations and working procedures are compliant with health and safety standards. The
safety officer regularly reviews and checks for updates of relevant laws, and performs inspections to ensure prompt
corrections are made to prevent industrial accidents.

The Group will continue to optimise its work practices and daily management with the aim of creating a safe, healthy
and comfortable working environment. To this end, our operations have fully complied with the applicable laws and
regulations such as the Occupational Safety and Health Ordinance (Cap. 509, Laws of Hong Kong), Employees’
Compensation Ordinance (Cap. 282, Laws of Hong Kong) and Factories and Industrial Undertakings Ordinance (Cap.
59, Laws of Hong Kong) during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   49
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     For the Reporting Period, the Group’s work injury statistics were as follows:

                                                                                                            Nine months
                                                                                                                  ended
                                                                                                            31 December
     Work Injury Statistics                                       Unit                                             2020


     Number of work-related fatalities                            Number of People                                      –
     Rate of work-related fatalities                              Percentage                                            –
     Number of reported accidents (sick leave > 3 days)           Case                                                  1
     Lost days due to work injury                                 Day                                                 362

     During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations
     that have a significant impact on the Group in relation to providing a safe working environment and protecting
     employees from occupational hazards.

     DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING
     The Group is aware of the value and contribution of its employees, and is willing to invest in and offer training and
     development courses for them to enhance their capabilities. We are committed to providing career development
     platforms for our employees where everyone can achieve his/her career goals.

     In line with our commitment to providing adequate training opportunities to enhance employees’ knowledge and
     skills, the Group frequently arranges the experienced staff to provide directional advice and guidance to junior staff,
     and sponsors employees to attend work-related external training programs to enrich their business expertise,
     competence and skill sets for career development. Such arrangements can enhance communication and team spirit,
     and also improve their technical skills and managerial capability and encourage employees at all levels to learn and
     further develop themselves. New recruits receive induction training to help them adapt to the working environment
     as quickly as possible, and ensure that they have the knowledge and expertise to perform their duties.

     The Group also acknowledges the importance of performance appraisal for employees. On an annual basis,
     performance appraisal is conducted between management and employees for continuous improvement. Employees
     are able to consult with and seek professional advice from their supervisors on their personal career development
     training.

     LABOUR STANDARDS
     The Group highly respects human rights and freedom, and strictly prohibits the use of child and forced labour in our
     workplace, by adhering to the Employment of Children Regulations and Employment of Young Persons (Industry)
     Regulations under the Employment Ordinance (Cap. 57, Laws of Hong Kong). Comprehensive recruitment
     procedures are in place to check and verify the age of applicants before commencement of work. Prior to
     confirmation of employment, the Group’s human resources staff requires job applicants to provide valid identity
     documents to ensure that applicants are lawfully employable. Important details such as job duties, locations and
     working hours are also set out clearly in the employment contract to protect employee rights and interests. To
     comply with the relevant laws and regulations, employment arrangements including working environment, terms of
     employment, working hours, rest days and holidays are subject to periodic review.

     For the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations that
     have a significant impact on the Group in relation to preventing child and forced labour.




50   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Environmental, Social and Governance Report


SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT
The Group values the partnership with suppliers and sub-contractors and works together with them to promote
sustainable development of the industry. The Group has been continuously optimising and improving its supplier
management system, regulating access, supervision and evaluation of suppliers and sub-contractors, and constantly
increasing specialisation and transparency of supply chain management.

The Group adheres to the principle of openness, fairness and transparency in supplier selection through the
implementation of a robust procurement and tendering mechanism, and selects reliable and competent business
partners from potential organisations. When selecting suppliers and sub-contractors, the Group evaluates them by
considering factors such as their quality of products or services, cost, scale of business and reputation. The Group
undertakes regular reviews to ensure that business partners do not cause significant negative impact on the
environment and society. If any significant negative environmental or social impact is found, the Group may consider
terminating cooperation with them.

As supplier and contractor management is a crucial component of the Group’s quality control, the Group stringently
manages suppliers and sub-contractors to avoid the procurement of any inferior materials, and adopts strict quality
control over the production and construction process. In this regard, the Group maintains a list of approved suppliers
and sub-contractors. The Group only selects suppliers and appoints sub-contractors from this approved list, unless
individually reviewed and approved by management or specifically requested by clients.

During the Reporting Period, the Group had cooperated with 99 suppliers and all our suppliers were located in Hong
Kong. Looking ahead, the Group aims to promote local economic development and reduce carbon footprint by
prioritising local suppliers to shorten the distance of transportation. The Group expects its suppliers to maintain
sound social responsibility systems on managing environmental and social aspects, including environmental
protection, human rights and product responsibility.

PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY
The Group strives to meet clients’ demands and expectations by maintaining high standards of services and product
quality. The Group has developed an internal management system and closely monitors its project execution
process, with the aim of rendering premium and reliable services to our clients.

The Group has established and implemented a quality management system (“QMS”) in its operations, which are in
conformity with the internationally recognised ISO 9001:2015 standard, as certified by HKQAA. This system helps us
comply with the relevant laws, regulations and contractual obligations applicable to products and services, control
quality issues systematically to enhance customers’ satisfaction as well as continuously improve quality performance
in our operations. The Group also provides adequate training to all levels of employees to raise their awareness of
QMS in their areas of responsibility.

To ensure the quality of materials provided by suppliers, inspections are performed by our site agents on material
deliveries at project sites. In case of any quality issues, suppliers will provide replacement or exchange services after
negotiation. The Group also maintains ongoing communication with its clients to ensure understanding and
satisfaction of their demands and expectations, as well as constantly improving its services.

During the Reporting Period, we received no complaints or claims from our customers arising from quality issues in
the work performed by either the Group or its sub-contractors, which in the view of the Directors was the result of
effective quality control.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   51
     Environmental, Social and Governance Report


     In the ordinary course of our business, we get almost no access to the personal information of our clients or
     confidential information of enterprises. However, we respect the privacy of our clients and maintain a high level of
     data security and confidentiality. In compliance with the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance (Cap. 486, Laws of Hong
     Kong), we ensure that all business data collected from our clients is treated as strictly confidential and properly dealt
     with by our staff. Our clients’ data can only be accessed by designated personnel to protect it against improper
     disclosure, misuse or unauthorised use, loss, damage or corruption.

     Regarding intellectual property, employees are prohibited from using unlicensed computer software on their
     computers at the workplace. The Group complies with intellectual property rights regulations to protect the interests
     of the Group and our clients, and requires our suppliers to comply with intellectual property rights regulations to
     ensure confidentiality and integrity.

     For the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations that
     have a significant impact on the Group in relation to health and safety, advertising, labelling and privacy matters
     relating to products and services provided and methods of redress.

     ANTI-CORRUPTION
     We believe in fairness and honesty in business and do not tolerate corruption, bribery, money-laundering or other
     fraudulent activities in connection with any of our business operations. The Group strictly adheres to the relevant
     regulations and laws, such as the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Cap. 201, Laws of Hong Kong) and the Anti-
     Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorist Financing Ordinance (Cap. 615, Laws of Hong Kong).

     To prevent any negative social impact associated with corruption, all forms of fraud and corruption, such as bribery,
     extortion, illegal inducement, offering or accepting disallowed gifts, kickbacks or other disallowed advantages, are strictly
     prohibited, and all employees of the Group must comply with all the applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations.
     Related information on anti-money laundering is provided to employees to raise their awareness in this regard.

     To facilitate identification of suspected cases of corruption, money laundering and other misconduct, the Group has
     developed a whistle-blowing policy which encourages disclosure of relevant information via a confidential reporting
     channel. In the event that employees identify any irregularities, they may report to the relevant senior management.
     All employees who report in good faith are reasonably protected from retaliation or adverse consequences in their
     employment regardless of whether the allegation is substantiated. The Group is committed to handling the reports
     with due care, and to conducting a serious detailed investigation into each reasonably established report. Additionally,
     the Group is fully aware that it is obligated to refer the matter to the legal enforcement authorities or regulators if
     deemed necessary.

     The tendering process is vital to our business. All tendering documents are kept confidential and restricted to
     concerned parties only. Tendering must be done in a fair manner to protect the interests of the Group and its clients.
     Employees responsible for tendering must comply with the Competition Ordinance (Cap. 619, Laws of Hong Kong),
     and refrain from exchanging or communicating any sensitive information with competitors, participating in price
     fixing, imposing restrictions on clients or abusing a dominant market position.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group was not aware of any cases of non-compliance with laws and regulations
     that have a significant impact on the Group in relation to bribery, extortion, fraud or money laundering.

     CONTRIBUTING TO THE COMMUNITY
     We endeavour to fulfil corporate social and environmental responsibilities, and to make continuous contributions to
     the building of a cohesive and caring society. The Group seeks to foster employees’ sense of social responsibility,
     thus encouraging them to participate in charitable activities and devote their spare time to render assistance to the
     needy. During the Reporting Period, the Directors donated to a variety of non-governmental organisations to support
     their youth development and elderly care services. In the coming future, we will always seek to be a positive force
     and maintain close ties with our communities in order to contribute to local development.



52   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Independent
Auditors’ Report




TO THE MEMBERS OF CENTRAL HOLDING GROUP CO. LTD.
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Central Holding Group Co. Ltd. (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 59 to 137, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash
flows for the nine months ended 31 December 2020, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a
summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the nine months ended 31 December 2020 in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”)
issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors’ Responsibilities for the Audit of the
Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   53
     Independent
     Auditors’ Report

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS
     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
     the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters.

      Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter


      Recognition of revenue and costs from construction contracts and contract assets

      Refer to Notes 2.22, 5, 7 and 21 to the consolidated Our procedures included, amongst others:
      financial statements
                                                                • Reviewing the contract sum and budgeted costs to
      We identified recognition of revenue and costs from         respective signed contracts and budgets prepared
      construction contracts and contract assets as a key audit   by management;
      matter as significant management’s estimations and
      judgements are involved in the determination of the •       Understanding from management about how the
      outcome of construction contracts and the progress          budgets were prepared and the respective
      towards completion of construction works.                   progress towards completion of construction works
                                                                  were determined;

                                                                 •     Obtaining the certificates issued by customers or
                                                                       payment applications confirmed by internal
                                                                       surveyors to evaluate the reasonableness of
                                                                       progress towards completion of construction
                                                                       works;

                                                                 •     Testing the actual costs incurred on construction
                                                                       works;

                                                                 •     Assessing the reasonableness of the budgets by
                                                                       comparing the actual outcome against
                                                                       management’s estimation of similar contracts; and

                                                                 •     Assessing the appropriateness and adequate of the
                                                                       disclosures made in the consolidated financial
                                                                       statements.




54   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Independent
Auditors’ Report

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

 Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Valuation of investment properties

 Refer to Notes 2.7 and 16 to the consolidated financial Our procedures included, amongst others:
 statements
                                                           •  Reviewing the valuation report from independent
 We identified the valuation of investment properties as a    qualified valuers and discussing with the
 key audit matter due to the key source of estimation         independent qualified valuers to understand the
 uncertainty and the significant assumptions and              valuation basis, methodology used and underlying
 judgements involved in the valuation.                        assumptions applied;

 The fair value of the Group’s investment properties was •       Evaluating of the competence, capabilities and
 determined by adopting the valuation techniques with            objectivity of independent qualified valuers;
 significant unobservable inputs, assumptions of market
 conditions and judgements. The Group also worked •              Checking on a sample basis the accuracy and
 closely with the independent qualified valuers to               relevance of the input data used; and
 establish and determine the appropriate valuation
 techniques.                                             •       Engaging our valuation specialists on evaluating the
                                                                 methodologies and assumptions adopted in the
                                                                 valuation.

 Impairment of properties under development for sale

 Refer to Notes 2.10 and 19 to the consolidated financial Our procedures included, amongst others:
 statements
                                                               • Reviewing the valuation report from independent
 We identified the impairment of properties under                qualified valuers and discussing with the
 development for sale as a key audit matter due to               independent qualified valuers to understand the
 significant management estimations involved in                  valuation basis, methodology used and underlying
 determining the net realisable value on properties under        assumptions applied;
 development for sale.
                                                               • Comparing to the latest selling prices of the
 These properties under development for sale are stated          properties;
 at the lower of cost and net realisable value on an
 individual property basis. Net realisable value is •            Testing the calculation for the impairment
 estimated at the actual or estimated selling price less         assessment performed by management;
 estimated costs to complete and costs to be incurred in
 selling the properties. If the actual net realisable value on • Assessing the construction costs to be incurred;
 properties under development is less than expected as a         and
 result of change in market condition and/or significant
 variation in the budgeted development cost, material •          Engaging our valuation specialists on evaluating the
 allowances for impairment losses may result.                    methodologies and assumptions adopted in the
                                                                 valuation.




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2020   55
     Independent
     Auditors’ Report

     OTHER INFORMATION
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditors’
     report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If,
     based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information,
     we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

     RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
     true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
     Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
     preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
     error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
     Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
     the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations,
     or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

     The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing
     the Group’s financial reporting process.

     AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors’ report that includes our
     opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
     towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
     assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material
     misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually
     or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
     basis of these consolidated financial statements.




56   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Independent
Auditors’ Report

AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (Continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
      sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
      resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
      intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
      the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
      significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
      uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditors’ report to the related disclosures in the
      consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
      are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors’ report. However, future events or
      conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
      events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
      activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
      for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
      opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2020   57
     Independent
     Auditors’ Report

     AUDITORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS (Continued)
     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditors’ report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in
     our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public
     interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement director on the audit resulting in this independent auditors’ report is Lo Kin Kei.




     HLB Hodgson Impey Cheng Limited
     Certified Public Accountants

     Lo Kin Kei
     Practising Certificate Number: P06413

     Hong Kong, 26 March 2021




58   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
Other Comprehensive Income
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



                                                                                     Nine months                Year
                                                                                           ended               ended
                                                                                     31 December            31 March
                                                                                            2020                2020
                                                                          Notes          HK$’000             HK$’000

Revenue                                                                     5              373,527           180,447
Direct costs                                                                              (368,301)         (173,320)

Gross profit                                                                                 5,226              7,127

Other income and net gains                                                  5                3,207              4,347
Gain on fair value changes of investment properties                                         35,703              5,375
Selling expenses                                                                            (3,857)                 –
Administrative and other operating expenses                                                (36,326)           (27,381)
Finance costs                                                               6                  (76)               (18)

Profit/(loss) before income tax                                             7                3,877            (10,550)
Income tax expense                                                          10              (4,529)            (2,137)

Loss for the period/year                                                                      (652)           (12,687)

Other comprehensive income/(expense)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
— Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                          2,395                 (98)

Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the period/year, net of tax                         2,395                 (98)

Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the period/year
  attributable to owners of the Company                                                      1,743            (12,785)

(Loss)/profit for the period/year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                       (749)           (12,687)
  Non-controlling interests                                                                     97                  –

                                                                                              (652)           (12,687)

Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the period/year
  attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                                      1,641            (12,785)
  Non-controlling interests                                                                    102                  –

                                                                                             1,743            (12,785)

                                                                                          HK Cents          HK Cents
                                                                                                           (Restated)
Loss per share attributable to owners of the Company
— Basic and diluted loss per share                                          11               (0.07)             (1.20)

Details of dividends are disclosed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   59
     Consolidated Statement of
     Financial Position
     As at 31 December 2020




                                                                31 December   31 March
                                                                       2020       2020
                                                        Notes       HK$’000    HK$’000


     ASSETS
     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                       14          20,873     10,186
     Right-of-use assets                                 15          13,260        604
     Investment properties                               16          71,149     25,717
     Intangible assets                                   17           4,115      3,625
     Deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy    18           3,136      3,074


                                                                    112,533     43,206


     Current assets
     Properties under development for sale               19          66,914          –
     Contract assets                                     21         167,611     62,769
     Trade and other receivables                         22          78,809     52,650
     Tax recoverable                                                    863      1,327
     Cash and bank balances                              23          53,757    114,462


                                                                    367,954    231,208


     Total assets                                                   480,487    274,414


     EQUITY
     Capital and reserves
     Share capital                                       24           2,640      2,640
     Reserves                                                       159,715    158,074


     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                   162,355    160,714
     Non-controlling interests                                          102          –


     Total equity                                                   162,457    160,714




60   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Consolidated Statement of
Financial Position
As at 31 December 2020




                                                                                   31 December             31 March
                                                                                          2020                 2020
                                                                        Notes          HK$’000              HK$’000


LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
Lease liabilities                                                        26                  6,555               168
Liabilities for long service payments                                    27                    820               876
Deferred tax liabilities                                                 28                  6,348             2,602


                                                                                            13,723             3,646


Current liabilities
Contract liabilities                                                     21                 76,865                –
Trade and other payables                                                 29                175,295           29,466
Lease liabilities                                                        26                  1,765              450
Amounts due to related companies                                         30                 49,087           79,719
Tax payables                                                                                 1,295              419


                                                                                           304,307          110,054


Total liabilities                                                                          318,030          113,700


Total equity and liabilities                                                               480,487          274,414


Net current assets                                                                          63,647          121,154


Total assets less current liabilities                                                      176,180          164,360

The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 26 March
2021:




                         Mr. Yu Zhuyun                                          Mr. Li Menglin
                             Director                                              Director




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2020   61
     Consolidated Statement of
     Changes in Equity
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020




                                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                            Non-
                                                        Share       Share       Merger   Translation      Retained                    controlling     Total
                                                       capital   premium       reserve       reserve      earnings       Sub-total       interest    equity
                                                      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000
                                                     (Note 24)


     Balance as at 1 April 2019                         2,640      88,276       11,010             –           71,573     173,499              –    173,499
     Loss for the year                                      –           –            –             –          (12,687)     (12,687)            –     (12,687)
     Other comprehensive expense:
       Exchange differences arising on translation
        of foreign operations                               –           –            –           (98)               –          (98)            –         (98)


     Balance as at 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020       2,640      88,276       11,010           (98)         58,886      160,714              –    160,714
     (Loss)/profit for the period                           –           –            –             –            (749)        (749)            97       (652)
     Other comprehensive income:
       Exchange differences arising on translation
        of foreign operations                               –           –            –         2,390                –       2,390              5      2,395


     Balance at 31 December 2020                        2,640      88,276       11,010         2,292          58,137      162,355            102    162,457




     The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




62   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Consolidated Statement of
Cash Flows
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                  Nine months                   Year
                                                                                        ended                  ended
                                                                                  31 December               31 March
                                                                                         2020                   2020
                                                                        Notes         HK$’000                HK$’000


Cash flows from operating activities
Net cash generated from/(used in) operations                             31                 48,017             (6,007)
Income tax refunded                                                                            223              3,945


Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                                      48,240             (2,062)


Cash flows from investing activities
Net cash outflow on acquisitions of subsidiaries                                            (2,400)            (3,390)
Payments for investment properties                                                         (60,035)           (20,808)
Interest received                                                                              108                 190
Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                            –                 120
Payment for right-of-use assets                                                             (4,906)                  –
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                                 (13,003)             (2,050)


Net cash used in investing activities                                                      (80,236)           (25,938)


Cash flows from financing activities
Interest paid                                                                                  (76)              (18)
(Decease)/increase in amounts due to related companies                                     (30,437)           81,691
Principal elements of lease payments                                                          (509)             (291)


Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                                     (31,022)           81,382


Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                       (63,018)           53,382

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period/year                                  114,462            62,633
Effects of foreign exchange rate changes                                                     2,313             (1,553)


Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period/year                                         53,757           114,462


Analysis of balances of cash and cash equivalents
Cash and bank balances                                                   23                 53,757           114,462




The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   63
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     1.    GENERAL INFORMATION AND BASIS OF PREPARATION OF THE CONSOLIDATED
           FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
           The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 29 March 2017 as an exempted company with
           limited liability under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and its shares have been listed on The Stock
           Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) with effect from 29 March 2018. As at 31 December
           2020, its parent and ultimate holding company is Central Culture Resource Group Limited, a company
           incorporated in the British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) with limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. Yu Zhuyun, the
           controlling shareholder of the Company.

           The Company’s registered office address is Windward 3, Regatta Office Park, PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman
           KY1-1108, Cayman Islands, and the Company’s principal place of business in Hong Kong is Office 5509, 55th
           Floor, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Central, Hong Kong. The Company is an investment holding
           company. The Group is principally engaged in the business of (i) foundation works and superstructure building
           works in Hong Kong and the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”); (ii) property development and investment;
           (iii) property management; (iv) trading of construction materials; (v) health and wellness; and (vi) smart logistic
           and information system in the PRC.

           The financial year end date of the Company and the Group has been changed from 31 March to 31 December
           to align the financial year end date of the Company with that of its subsidiaries. Accordingly, the current
           accounting period covers a period of nine months from 1 April 2020 to 31 December 2020. The corresponding
           comparative amounts shown for the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income,
           the consolidated statement of changes in equity, the consolidated statement of cash flows and related notes
           cover a period of twelve months from 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020 are therefore not entirely comparable
           with those of the current period.

           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), unless otherwise stated.

     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
           The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set
           out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the current period and prior year presented,
           unless otherwise stated.

           2.1 Basis of preparation
                  The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong
                  Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
                  Accountants (“HKICPA”). In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures
                  required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange and
                  by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The consolidation financial statements have been prepared
                  under the historical cost convention, except as otherwise stated in the accounting policies below.

                  The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with HKFRSs requires the use of
                  certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the
                  process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or
                  complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial
                  statements, are disclosed in Note 4.




64   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures
             (i)   Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current period
                   In the current period, the Group has applied the Amendments to References to the Conceptual
                   Framework in HKFRS Standards and the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA
                   for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after 1 April
                   2020 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

                   Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8                     Definition of Material
                   Amendments to HKFRS 3                               Definition of a Business
                   Amendments to HKFRS 9,                              Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
                    HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7

                   The application of the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in HKFRS
                   Standards and the amendments to HKFRSs in the current period had no material impact on the
                   Group’s financial positions and performance for the current period and prior year and/or on the
                   disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

                   In addition, the Group has early applied the Amendments to HKFRS 16 Covid-19-Related Rent
                   Concessions.

                   The Group has applied the amendment for the first time in the current period. The amendment
                   introduces a new practical expedient for lessees to elect not to assess whether a Covid-19-related
                   rent concession is a lease modification. The practical expedient only applies to rent concessions
                   occurring as a direct consequence of the Covid-19 that meets all of the following conditions:

                   •      the change in lease payments results in revised consideration for the lease that is substantially
                          the same as, or less than, the consideration for the lease immediately preceding the change;

                   •      any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before 30 June
                          2021; and

                   •      there is no substantive change to other terms and conditions of the lease.

                   A lessee applying the practical expedient accounts for changes in lease payments resulting from
                   rent concessions the same way it would account for the changes applying HKFRS 16 Leases if the
                   changes were not a lease modification. Forgiveness or waiver of lease payments are accounted for
                   as variable lease payments. The related lease liabilities are adjusted to reflect the amounts forgiven
                   or waived with a corresponding adjustment recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which
                   the event occurs.

                   The application of the amendment had no impact to the opening retained earnings at 1 April 2020
                   and had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current
                   period.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2020   65
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.2 Changes in accounting policies and disclosures (Continued)
                  (ii)   New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective
                         The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been
                         issued but are not yet effective:

                         HKFRS 17                                                       Insurance Contracts and the related
                                                                                          Amendments1
                         Amendments to HKFRS 3                                          Reference to the Conceptual Framework2
                         Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7,                       Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 24
                          HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16
                         Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                             Sale or Contribution of Assets between an
                                                                                          Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture3
                         Amendments to HKAS 1                                           Classification of Liabilities as Current or
                                                                                          Non-current and related amendments to
                                                                                          Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)1
                         Amendments to HKAS 16                                          Property, Plant and Equipment — Proceeds before
                                                                                          Intended Use2
                         Amendments to HKAS 37                                          Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a
                                                                                          Contract2
                         Amendments to HKFRSs                                           Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018–20202

                         1
                               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
                         2
                               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.
                         3
                               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
                         4
                               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021.


                         The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of the above new and amendments to
                         HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable
                         future.

           2.3 Principles of consolidation
                  2.3.1 Subsidiaries
                        Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The
                        Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its
                        involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
                        entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group.
                        They are de-consolidated from the date that control ceases.

                         The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations by the Group.

                         Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                         companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                         evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been
                         changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                         Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
                         consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the statement of
                         changes in equity and the consolidated statement of financial position.




66   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.3 Principles of consolidation (Continued)
             2.3.2 Business combination
                   The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations. The consideration
                   transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred, the liabilities
                   incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group. The
                   consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent
                   consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities
                   assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.

                   The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition
                   basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and entitle their
                   holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation are measured
                   at either fair value or the present ownership interests’ proportionate share in the recognised
                   amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests
                   are measured at their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by
                   HKFRS.

                   Acquisitions failed to meet the definition of business combination are treated as acquisitions of
                   assets and liabilities instead of business combination.

                   Acquisition-related costs are expenses as incurred.

                   The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the
                   acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the
                   fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total of consideration
                   transferred, non-controlling interest recognised and previously held interest measured is less than
                   the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the
                   difference is recognised directly in the profit or loss.

             2.3.3 Separate financial statements
                   Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct
                   attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on
                   the basis of dividend received and receivable.

                   Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from
                   these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the
                   period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial
                   statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s
                   net assets including goodwill.

      2.4 Segment reporting
             Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
             operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources
             and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the board of directors that
             makes strategic decisions.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2020    67
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.5 Foreign currency translation
                  Functional and presentation currency
                  Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
                  currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”).
                  The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Company’s functional and the
                  Group’s presentation currency.

                  Transactions and balances
                  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                  prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange
                  gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end
                  exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the
                  consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

                  All foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                  other comprehensive income within ‘other income and net gains’.

                  Group companies
                  The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a
                  hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
                  translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                  •     assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing
                        rate at the date of that statement of financial position;

                  •     income and expenses for each statement of comprehensive income are translated at average
                        exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of
                        the rates prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at
                        the rate on the dates of the transactions); and

                  •     all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                  Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
                  liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate. Currency transaction differences arising
                  are recognised in other comprehensive income.




68   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.6 Property, plant and equipment
             The property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation and
             accumulated impairment losses, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to
             the acquisition of the items.

             Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
             appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
             the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component
             accounted for as a separate is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance costs are
             charged to profit or loss during the reporting period in which they are incurred.

             Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost over their estimated useful
             lives or lease term, where applicable, as follows:

             Machinery and equipment                                                                                 20%
             Leasehold improvements                                                                                  20%
             Furniture, fixtures and office equipment                                                                20%
             Motor vehicles                                                                                          20%

             The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
             reporting period.

             An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
             amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

             Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and
             are recognised in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

      2.7 Investment properties
             Investment property, principally comprising leasehold land, is held for long-term rental yields or for capital
             appreciation or both, and are not occupied by the Group. It also includes properties that are being
             constructed or developed for future use as investment properties.

             Investment property is initially measured at cost, including related transaction costs and where applicable
             borrowing costs. After initial recognition, investment property is carried at fair value. Fair value is based
             on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature, location or condition of
             the specific asset. Changes in fair values are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
             and other comprehensive income within “Gain on fair value changes of investment properties”.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2020   69
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.8 Intangible assets
                  2.8.1 Goodwill
                        Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration
                        transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquirees and the acquisition date fair
                        value of any previous equity interest in the acquirees over the fair value of the identified net assets
                        acquired.

                        For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to
                        each of the cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from
                        the synergies of the combination. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated
                        represents the lowest level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for internal
                        management purposes. The Group’s goodwill is monitored at the operating segment level.

                        Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes in
                        circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of the CGU containing the
                        goodwill is compared to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair
                        value less costs of disposal. Any impairment is recognised immediately as an expense and is not
                        subsequently reversed.

                  2.8.2 Intangible assets acquired separately
                        Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less any
                        subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

           2.9 Impairment of non-financial assets
                  Non-financial assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested
                  annually for impairment. Non-financial assets that are subject to amortisation or depreciation are reviewed
                  for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not
                  be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount
                  exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs
                  of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest
                  levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets
                  other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at
                  each reporting date.

           2.10 Properties under development for sale
                  Properties under development for sale are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. The cost of
                  properties under development for sale comprises the acquisition cost of land, aggregate cost of
                  development and other direct expenses capitalised. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling
                  price in the ordinary course of business less estimated costs of completion and costs to be incurred in
                  selling the properties.

                  Properties under development for sale are classified as current assets unless the construction period of
                  the relevant property development project is expected to complete beyond normal operating cycle.

           2.11 Financial assets
                  2.11.1 Classification
                         The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                        •      those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income
                               (“OCI”) or through profit or loss), and

                        •      those to be measured at amortised cost.




70   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.11 Financial assets (Continued)
             2.11.1 Classification (Continued)
                    The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                    contractual terms of the cash flows.

                   For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI.
                   For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the
                   Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity
                   investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).

                   The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
                   those assets changes.

             2.11.2 Recognition and derecognition
                    Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on
                    which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the
                    rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the
                    Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

             2.11.3 Measurement
                    At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a
                    financial asset not at fair value through profit of loss (“FVPL”), transaction costs that are directly
                    attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at
                    FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

                   Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                   whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

                   Debt instruments
                   Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for
                   managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement
                   categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

                   •      Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
                          flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
                          Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective
                          interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in profit
                          or loss and presented in other gains/(losses) together with foreign exchange gains and losses.
                          Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.

                   •      FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial
                          assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are
                          measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the
                          recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and
                          losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is derecognised, the
                          cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss
                          and recognised in other gains/(losses). Interest income from these financial assets is included
                          in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses
                          are presented in other gains/(losses) and impairment expenses are presented as separate line
                          item in the statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2020   71
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.11 Financial assets (Continued)
                  2.11.3 Measurement (Continued)
                         Debt instruments (Continued)
                         •    FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL.
                              A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL is recognised in
                              profit or loss and presented net within other gains/(losses) in the period in which it arises.

                        Equity instruments
                        The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                        management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in OCI, there
                        is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss following the
                        derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in
                        profit or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                        Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) in the
                        statement of profit or loss as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on
                        equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.

                  2.11.4 Impairment
                         The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the expected credit losses (“ECL”) associated with
                         its debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied
                         depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                        For trade receivables and contract assets, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by
                        HKFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the
                        receivables and contract assets.

                        Impairment on other receivables is measured as either 12-month ECL or lifetime ECL, depending on
                        whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. If a significant
                        increase in credit risk of a receivable has occurred since initial recognition, then impairment is
                        measured as lifetime ECL.

           2.12 Trade and other receivables
                  Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for services performed in the ordinary course of
                  business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal
                  operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented
                  as non-current assets.

                  Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional
                  unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group
                  holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore
                  measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for
                  impairment.

           2.13 Cash and cash equivalents
                  In the consolidated statements of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits
                  held at call with banks, other short-term highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months
                  or less, and bank overdrafts (if any).




72   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.14 Share capital
             Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

             Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a
             deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.


      2.15 Trade and other payables
             Trade payables are obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course
             of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if the payment is
             due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they are
             presented as non-current liabilities.

             Trade and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised
             cost using the effective interest method.

      2.16 Borrowings
             Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
             settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

             Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
             subsequently carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs)
             and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the
             effective interest method.

      2.17 Borrowing costs
             General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
             production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get
             ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets
             are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

             Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
             on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

             All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

      2.18 Current and deferred income tax
             The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the profit or loss,
             except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
             equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity,
             respectively.

             Current income tax
             The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
             at the end of each reporting period in the countries where the Group operates and generates taxable
             income. Management periodically evaluate positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in
             which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where appropriate on
             the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2020   73
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.18 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)
                  Deferred income tax
                  Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences, arising
                  between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial
                  statements. However, the deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if it arises from initial recognition of
                  goodwill, the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or
                  liability in a transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects
                  neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws)
                  that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period and are expected to
                  apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred taxation liability is settled.

                  The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is determined
                  assuming the property will be recovered entirely through sale.

                  Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit
                  will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

                  Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset
                  current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes assets and liabilities
                  relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the taxable entity or different
                  taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances on a net basis.

           2.19 Employee benefits
                  (i)     Employee leave entitlements
                          Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision
                          is made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up
                          to the end of each reporting period.

                          Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.

                  (ii)    Retirement benefits
                          The Group operates defined contribution plans and pays contributions to privately administered
                          pension insurance plans on a mandatory, contractual or voluntary basis. The Group has no further
                          payment obligations once the contributions have been paid. The contributions are recognised as
                          employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are recognised as an asset to
                          the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.

                  (iii)   Termination benefits
                          Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the normal
                          retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange for these
                          benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits when it is demonstrably committed to a
                          termination when the entity has a detailed formal plan to terminate the employment of current
                          employees without possibility of withdrawal. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary
                          redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees expected to
                          accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of each reporting period
                          are discounted to present value.




74   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.19 Employee benefits (Continued)
             (iv)   Bonus plans
                    The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses when the Group has a present legal or
                    constructive obligation as a result of services rendered by employees and a reliable estimate of
                    such obligation can be made.

             (v)    Long service payments
                    Under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance, the Group is required to make long service payments
                    to its employees upon the termination of their employment or retirement on ground of old age
                    when the employee fulfils certain conditions and the termination meets the required circumstances.
                    Further, where accrued benefits (excluding any part attributable to the employee’s contributions)
                    have been paid to the employee, or is being held in a mandatory provident fund scheme by the
                    employee, which is the case for most of the eligible employees of the Group, the long service
                    payment is offset against the aforementioned amount of benefits to the extent that they relate to
                    the employee’s years of service for which the long service payment is payable.

                    Based on the Group’s past experience and the directors’ knowledge of the business and work
                    force, the Group makes its estimates of its obligations to make long service payments to its
                    employees in the event of termination of their employment or retirement. The Group’s obligations
                    to make such long service payments are recognised in the financial statements as long service
                    payment liabilities at the present value (where the effect of discounting is material) of the long
                    service payment obligations, which are estimated after deducting the entitlements accrued under
                    the Group’s defined contribution retirement scheme that are attributable to contributions made by
                    the Group. Service cost, net interest on the long service payment liabilities (where discounting to
                    present value is adopted because the effect of discounting is material) and premeasurements of the
                    long service payment liabilities are recognised in profit or loss.

      2.20 Provisions
             Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of
             past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the
             amounts have been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

             Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in
             settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised
             even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations
             may be small.

             Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle the
             obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and
             the risks specific to the obligations. The increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as
             interest expense.




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2020   75
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.21 Contingent liabilities and contingent assets
                  A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be
                  confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within
                  the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised
                  because it is not probable that outflow of economic resource will be required or the amount of obligation
                  cannot be measured reliably.

                  A contingent liability is not recognised but is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial
                  statements. When a change in the probability of an outflow occurs so that outflow is probable, it will then
                  be recognised as a provision.

                  A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
                  only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain events not wholly within the control
                  of the Group.

                  Contingent assets are not recognised but are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial
                  statements when an inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually certain, an asset is
                  recognised.

           2.22 Revenue from contracts with customers
                  The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of
                  the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

                  A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or
                  a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

                  Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress
                  towards complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is
                  met:

                  •     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                        performance as the Group performs;

                  •     the Group’s performance creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                        performs; or

                  •     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
                        Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

                  Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct
                  good or service.

                  A contract asset represents the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the
                  Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in
                  accordance with HKFRS 9. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group’s unconditional right to
                  consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

                  A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which
                  the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.




76   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.22 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
             A contract asset and a contract liability relating to a contract are accounted for and presented on a net
             basis.

             (i)   Foundation works and superstructure building works
                   Over time revenue recognition: measurement of progress towards complete satisfaction of a
                   performance obligation
                   Output method
                   The progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on
                   output method, which is to recognise revenue on the basis of direct measurements of the value of
                   the goods or services transferred to the customer to date relative to the remaining goods or
                   services promised under the contract, that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring
                   control of goods or services.

                   Variable consideration
                   For contracts that contain variable consideration (variation order of construction work), the Group
                   estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be entitled using either (a) the expected value
                   method or (b) the most likely amount, depending on which method better predicts the amount of
                   consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

                   The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the
                   extent that it is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal
                   in the future when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently
                   resolved.

                   At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including
                   updating its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to
                   represent faithfully the circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in
                   circumstances during the reporting period.

                   Costs to fulfil a contract
                   The Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract in its construction contracts. The Group first assesses
                   whether these costs qualify for recognition as an asset in terms of other relevant standards, failing
                   which it recognises an asset for these costs only if they meet all of the following criteria:

                   •      the costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can
                          specifically identify;

                   •      the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in
                          continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and

                   •      the costs are expected to be recovered.

                   The asset so recognised is subsequently amortised to profit or loss on a systematic basis that is
                   consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the assets relate.
                   The asset is subject to impairment review.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2020   77
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.22 Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                  (ii)    Property development and investment
                          Revenue arising from the sale of properties under development for sale in the ordinary course of
                          business is recognised when legal assignment is completed, which is the point in time when the
                          customer has the ability to direct the use of the property and obtain substantially all of the remaining
                          benefits of the property. Deposits and instalments received on properties pre-sold prior to the date
                          of revenue recognition were included in the consolidated statement of financial position under
                          “contract liabilities”.

                  (iii)   Property management services
                          Revenue arising from property management services is recognised in the accounting period in
                          which the services are rendered. The Group bills the amount for services provided to the customers
                          and recognises as revenue in the amount to which the Group satisfies performance obligations by
                          transferring the services to its customers.

                  (iv)    Trading of construction materials/Sales of healthcare products and healthy food
                          Revenue from sales of goods is recognised when control of the products has transferred, being
                          when the products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled obligations that could
                          affect the customers’ acceptance of the products. A delivery occurs when the products have been
                          delivered to the specific location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the
                          customer, and either the customer has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract,
                          or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

                          A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that
                          consideration is unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment is
                          due.

                  (v)     Logistic services and information technology development
                          Revenues from the provision of logistics services and information technology development are
                          recognised when the services are rendered.




78   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.23 Leases
             Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased
             asset is available for use by the Group. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance
             cost. The finance cost is charged to consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
             income over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining
             balance of the liability for each period. The right-of-use asset is depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s
             useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

             Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
             include the net present value of fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments).

             The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be
             readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental
             borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds
             necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment
             with similar terms, security and conditions.

             To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

             •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting
                   point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received;

             •     uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases
                   held by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing, and

             •     makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.

             Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
             measurement of the liability.

             Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the amount of the initial measurement of lease
             liability and any lease payments made at or before the commencement date. Depreciation on right-of-use
             assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to their residual values over their
             estimated lease period.

             Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-
             line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or
             less. Low-value assets comprise IT-equipment and small items of office furniture.

             Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight-
             line basis over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining an operating lease are added to
             carrying amount of the underlying asset and recognised as expense over the lease term on the same
             basis as lease income. The respective leased assets are included in the balance sheet based on their
             nature. The Group did not need to make any adjustments to the accounting for assets held as lessor as a
             result of adopting the new leasing standard.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2020   79
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           2.24 Dividend distribution
                  Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s
                  consolidated financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Group’s
                  shareholders or directors, where appropriate.

           2.25 Deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy
                  Life insurance policy that can be terminated at any time is determined by the upfront payments plus
                  accumulated interest earned and minus the accumulated insurance charge and policy expense charge. If
                  withdrawal is made, a pre-determined specified amount of surrender charge would be imposed.

           2.26 Government grants
                  Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that
                  the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

                  Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the profit or loss over the period
                  necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

           2.27 Interest income
                  Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and financial assets at FVOCI calculated using the
                  effective interest method is recognised in profit or loss as part of other income.

                  Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a
                  financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit impaired
                  financial assets, the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after
                  deduction of the loss allowance).

           2.28 Related parties
                  A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

                  (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person:

                        (i)     has control or joint control of the Group;

                        (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                        (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group.

                  or




80   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



2.    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      2.28 Related parties (Continued)
             (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                   (i)     has control or joint control of the Group;

                   (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or
                           fellow subsidiary of the other entity);

                   (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                   (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                           entity;

                   (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group
                           or an entity related to the Group;

                   (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                   (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of key
                           management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                   (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                          services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

             Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence or
             be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.

3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      3.1 Financial risk factors
             The Group’s activities exposed it to a variety of financial risks: interest rate risk, credit risk and liquidity
             risk.

             The Group’s overall risk management programmed focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets
             and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

             (i)   Foreign exchange risk
                   The Group is exposed to foreign exchange risk primarily arising from its financial assets and financial
                   liabilities denominated in foreign currency. The currencies giving rise to this risk are primarily
                   Renminbi and the United States Dollar.




                                                                                                           Annual Report 2020   81
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                  (i)    Foreign exchange risk (Continued)
                         The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk
                         arising from forecast transactions or recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other
                         than the functional currency of the entity to which they relate.

                                                                           Assets                        Liabilities
                                                               31 December          31 March 31 December           31 March
                                                                      2020              2020        2020               2020
                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000            HK$’000


                         Renminbi (“RMB”)                            314,299          87,669         271,599           83,940
                         United States Dollar (“US$”)                  3,136           3,074               –                –

                         Sensitivity analysis
                         If RMB has been appreciated/depreciated 5% against the foreign currency and all other variable
                         were held constant, the Group’s post-tax loss for the nine months ended 31 December 2020 would
                         decrease/increase by approximately HK$2,135,000 (year ended 31 March 2020: decrease/increase
                         by approximately HK$262,000). No sensitivity analysis is presented for foreign currency fluctuation
                         between US$ against HK$ because HK$ is pegged to US$ and assumed that the rate would not be
                         materially affected by any changes in movement in value of the HK$ against other currencies.

                  (ii)   Interest rate risk
                         Other than bank balances with variable interest rate, the Group has no other significant interest-
                         bearing assets. Management does not anticipate significant impact to interest-bearing assets
                         resulted from the changes in interest rates, because the interest rates of bank balances are not
                         expected to change significantly.

                         The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed-rate lease liabilities. The
                         Group is not exposed is not exposed to significant cash flow interest rate risk. The Group currently
                         does not have interest rate hedging policy. However, the management monitors interest rate
                         exposure and will consider hedging significant interest rate exposure should the need arise.

                         The Group’s exposure to interest rates on financial liabilities are detailed in the liquidity risk
                         management section of this note.




82   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
             (iii)   Credit risk
                     Credit risk arises mainly from trade receivables, contract assets, other receivables and deposits and
                     bank balances. The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in the event of the counterparties’
                     failure to perform their obligations as at the reporting dates in relation to each class of recognised
                     financial assets is the carrying amount of those assets as stated in the consolidated statements of
                     financial position.

                     In order to minimise the credit risk on trade receivables, contract assets and other receivables and
                     deposits, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for determination of
                     credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up action is
                     taken to recover overdue debts. The credit quality of the debtors is assessed based on their financial
                     position, past experience and other factors. The Group has policies in place to ensure credit terms
                     are granted to reliable debtors. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each
                     individual trade receivable, contract assets and other receivables and deposits balance at the end of
                     each of the reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made for irrecoverable
                     amounts. In this regard, the management of the Group considers that the credit risk is significantly
                     reduced.

                     As at 31 December 2020, there were two and one (31 March 2020: four and one) customers which
                     individually contributed over 10% of the Group’s contract assets and trade and other receivables
                     respectively. The aggregate amounts of contract assets and trade and other receivables from these
                     customers amounted to 61% and 10% respectively (31 March 2020: 57% and 11% respectively) of
                     the Group’s total contract assets and trade and other receivables as at 31 December 2020.

                     The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there
                     has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.
                     To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a
                     default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial
                     recognition. It considers available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information.

                     The Group uses four categories for those receivables which reflect their credit risk and how the loss
                     provision is determined for each of those categories. These internal credit risk ratings are aligned to
                     external credit ratings.




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2020   83
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                  (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                          The Group’s internal credit risk grading comprises the following categories:

                          Category          Group definition of category                        Basis for recognition of ECL


                          Performing        There have low risk of default and has not          12-month ECL
                                              been any significant increase in credit risk
                                              since initial recognition

                          Doubtful          There have been significant increase in credit      Lifetime ECL — not credit
                                              risk since initial recognition                       impaired

                          Default           There is credit impaired when one or more           Lifetime ECL — credit impaired
                                              events that have a detrimental impact on
                                              the estimated future cash flows

                          Write-off         There is evidence indicating that the debtor        Amount is written off
                                              is in severe financial difficulty and the Group
                                              has no realistic prospect of recovery

                          Bank balances
                          The credit risk of bank balances is considered not material as such amounts are placed in reputable
                          banks with high credit rating assigned by international credit-rating agencies. There has been no
                          recent history of default in relation to these banks and thus the risk of default is regarded as low.

                          Other receivables and deposits
                          As at 31 December 2020 and 31 March 2020, the internal credit rating of other receivables and
                          deposits were performing. Management has measured the loss allowances of these financial
                          assets at 12-month ECL. The Group uses past due information and forward-looking information to
                          assess whether credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition.




84   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
             (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                     Trade receivables and contract assets
                     The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits
                     the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables and contract assets. To
                     measure the ECL, trade receivables and contract assets have been assessed grouped based on
                     shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The Group has performed historical analysis
                     and identified the key economic variables impacting credit risk and expected credit loss. The ECL
                     also incorporate forward-looking information such as actual or expected significant adverse changes
                     in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to cause a significant change to the
                     debtor’s ability to meet its obligations.

                     As at 31 December 2020 and 31 March 2020, the loss allowance for trade receivables, contract
                     assets and other receivables and deposits were determined as follows:

                                                               Weighted
                                                                 average           Gross
                                                               expected          carrying      Expected        Net carrying
                                                                loss rate        amount       credit loss          amount
                                                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000            HK$’000


                     At 31 December 2020
                     Trade receivables                              2.1%          38,025            (802)            37,223
                     Contract assets                                0.3%         168,155            (544)           167,611
                     Other receivables and deposits                 0.9%          34,556            (316)            34,240


                     At 31 March 2020
                     Trade receivables                             0.02%          27,907               (5)           27,902
                     Contract assets                               0.04%          62,792             (23)            62,769
                     Other receivables and deposits                 0.3%          21,872             (60)            21,812

                     The estimated loss rate are estimated based on historical observed default rates over the expected
                     life of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking information that is available without undue
                     cost or effect.




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2020   85
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
                  (iii)   Credit risk (Continued)
                          The movement in the loss allowances for trade receivables, contract assets and other receivables
                          and deposits during the nine months ended 31 December 2020 and year ended 31 March 2020 are
                          as follows:

                                                                                   Trade         Contract
                                                                            receivables            assets           Other
                                                                           Lifetime ECL     Lifetime ECL      receivables
                                                                              (not credit      (not credit   and deposits
                                                                               impaired)        impaired) (12-month ECL)
                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000


                          As at 1 April 2019                                          23                1               23
                          (Reversal of)/provision for loss allowance
                            recognised in profit or loss during the year             (18)             22                37


                          As at 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                         5              23                60
                          Provision for loss allowance recognised in
                            profit or loss during the period                         759             497               252
                          Exchange realignment                                        38              24                 4


                          As at 31 December 2020                                     802             544               316

                          The creation and release of provision for impaired trade receivables, contract assets and other
                          receivables and deposits have been included in administrative and other operating expenses in the
                          consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income. Amounts charged to the
                          allowance account are generally written off, when there is no expectation of recovering additional
                          cash.




86   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      3.1 Financial risk factors (Continued)
             (iv)   Liquidity risk
                    The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that
                    it maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet their liquidity requirements in the short and long
                    term. Management believes there is no significant liquidity risk as the Group has sufficient financial
                    resources to fund their operations.

                    The following table details the remaining contractual maturities at the end of each reporting period
                    of the Group’s financial liabilities, which are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including
                    interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating based on current rates at the end
                    of each reporting period) and the earliest date the Group may be required to pay:

                                               On demand      Between     Between                      Total         Total
                                                 or within     one and     two and         Over undiscounted      carrying
                                                 one year    two years   five years   five years  cash flows     amounts
                                                  HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000


                    At 31 December 2020
                    Trade and other payables      175,295            –           –            –      175,295      175,295
                    Lease liabilities               2,133        1,844       4,425        1,036        9,438        8,320
                    Amounts due to related
                      companies                    49,087            –           –            –       49,087       49,087


                                                  226,515        1,844       4,425        1,036      233,820      232,702


                    At 31 March 2020
                    Trade and other payables       29,466           –            –            –       29,466       29,466
                    Lease liabilities                 463         170            –            –          633          618
                    Amounts due to related
                      companies                    79,719            –           –            –       79,719       79,719


                                                  109,648         170            –            –      109,818      109,803




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2020   87
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     3.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
           3.2 Capital risk management
                  The Group’s primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as
                  a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders, to support the Group’s
                  stability and growth; to earn a margin commensurate with the level of business and market risks in the
                  Group’s operations and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

                  In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the number of dividends paid to
                  shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares, obtain new borrowings or sell assets to
                  reduce debt.

                  The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as the debts as at the
                  end of each reporting periods divided by the total equity as at the end of each reporting periods.

                  The gearing ratios of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                               31 December            31 March
                                                                                                      2020                2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000


                  Debts                                                                                8,320               618
                  Total equity                                                                       162,457           160,714


                  Gearing ratio                                                                          5.1%            0.4%


           3.3 Fair value estimation
                  The Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value as at 31 December 2020 and 31 March 2020 by
                  level of the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. Such inputs are categorised into
                  three levels within a fair value hierarchy as follows:

                  •     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

                  •     Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability,
                        either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

                  •     Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable
                        inputs) (level 3).

                  The Group did not have any financial instruments measured at fair value as at 31 December 2020 and 31
                  March 2020.




88   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



4.    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
      Estimates and judgements used in preparing the consolidated financial statements are continually evaluated
      and are based on historical experience and other factors, including expectations of future events that are
      believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
      seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a
      material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed
      below.

      Progress towards of completion of construction works
      The Group recognises its contract revenue over time by reference to the progress towards complete
      satisfaction of a performance obligation of the end of the reporting period, measured based on the surveys of
      work performed to date of the individual contract of construction works relative to total contract value. Because
      of the nature of the activity undertaken in construction contracts, the date at which the contract activity is
      entered into and the date when the activity is completed usually fall into different accounting period. The Group
      reviews and revises the estimates of contract revenue, contract costs and variation orders prepared for each
      construction contract as the contract progresses. Management regularly reviews the progress of the contracts
      and the corresponding costs of the contract revenue.

      Fair value measurements and valuation processes
      Some of the Group’s assets and liabilities are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. The board
      of directors of the Company have to determine the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs for fair value
      measurement.

      In estimating the fair value of investment properties, the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is
      available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group engages independent qualified valuer to perform
      the valuation. At the end of each reporting period, the management of the Group works closely with the
      independent qualified valuer to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs for Level 2 and Level
      3 fair value measurement. The Group will first consider and adopt Level 2 inputs where inputs can be derived
      from observable quoted prices in the active market. When Level 2 inputs are not available, the Group will adopt
      valuation techniques that include Level 3 inputs. Where there is a material change in the fair value of the
      assets, the causes of the fluctuations will be reported to the board of directors of the Company. Information
      about the valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of the Group’s investment
      properties are disclosed in Note 16.

      Properties under development for sale
      An assessment of the net realisable value is made in each reporting period. The Group takes into consideration
      the current market environment and the estimated market value of leasehold land. Such assessment was
      made based on certain assumptions, which are subject to uncertainty and might materially differ from actual
      results. In making the assessment, the directors have made estimates concerning estimated prices to be
      generated by the completed properties and made deductions for the estimated development costs and
      required estimated development profits from the properties. The assumptions used are intended to reflect
      conditions existing at the end of the reporting period. Impairment is made if the estimated net realisable value
      is less than the carrying amount. If the actual net realisable value on properties under development for sale is
      less than expected as a result of change in market condition and/or significant variation in the budgeted
      development cost, a material provision for impairment loss may result. The carrying amount of the properties
      under development for sale is approximately HK$66,914,000.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   89
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           Revenue, other income and net gains recognised during the current period and prior year are as follows:

                                                                                        Nine months               Year
                                                                                              ended              ended
                                                                                        31 December           31 March
                                                                                               2020               2020
                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000


           Revenue
           Foundation works and superstructure building works                                 189,032          177,801
           Property management                                                                  5,867                –
           Trading of construction materials                                                  119,496                –
           Health and wellness                                                                 58,500                –
           Logistics services and information technology development                              632            2,646


                                                                                              373,527          180,447


           Other income and net gains
           Interest income                                                                        108                  190
           Net gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                   –                  120
           Government grants                                                                    2,010                    –
           Operating lease income — machinery and equipment                                       914                3,875
           Sundry income                                                                          175                  162


                                                                                                3,207                4,347

           During the current period, the Group recognised government grants of approximately HK$2,010,000 of which
           approximately HK$1,745,000 in respect of Covid-19-related subsidies, related to Employment Support Scheme
           provided by the Hong Kong government, the grants were recognised when the required employment
           conditions were fulfilled. The remaining amounts of approximately HK$265,000 represent the grants received
           from the PRC government, there were no unfulfilled conditions.




90   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

                                                                                    Nine months                Year
                                                                                          ended               ended
                                                                                    31 December            31 March
                                                                                           2020                2020
                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000


      Timing of revenue recognition
      Over time                                                                           194,899           177,801
      A point in time                                                                     178,628             2,646


                                                                                          373,527           180,447


      Types of services
      Foundation works and superstructure building works                                  189,032           177,801
      Property management services                                                          5,867                 –
      Trading of construction materials                                                   119,496                 –
      Sales of healthcare products and healthy food                                        58,500                 –
      Logistics services and information technology development                               632             2,646


                                                                                          373,527           180,447


      Performance obligations for contracts with customers
      Foundation works and superstructure building works
      The performance obligation satisfied over time as the Group creates or enhances an asset that the customer
      controls as the asset is created or enhanced. Revenue for these works is therefore recognised over time using
      output method, i.e. based on surveys of the relevant services completed by the Group to date with reference
      to certificates issued by customers or payment applications confirmed by internal surveyor. The directors of the
      Company consider that output method would faithfully depict the Group’s performance towards complete
      satisfaction of these performance obligations in these contracts under HKFRS 15.

      Property management services
      Revenue arising from property management services is recognised in the accounting period in which the
      services are rendered. The Group bills the amount for services provided to the customers and recognises as
      revenue in the amount to which the Group satisfies performance obligations by transferring the services to its
      customers. The Group has elected the practical expedient for not disclosing the remaining performance
      obligations for these types of contracts.




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2020   91
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)
           Trading of construction materials/Sales of healthcare products and healthy food
           Revenue from sales of goods is recognised when control of the products has transferred, being when the
           products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled obligations that could affect the customers’
           acceptance of the products. A delivery occurs when the products have been delivered to the specific location,
           the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customer, and either the customer has
           accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, or the Group has objective evidence that all
           criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

           A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that consideration is
           unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.

           Logistics services and information technology development
           The performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time when the services is transferred and accepted by the
           customers.

           Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations from contracts with
           customers
           The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as
           at 31 December 2020 and the expected timing of recognising revenue are as follows:

                                                                                                               Foundation
                                                                                                                works and
                                                                                                           superstructure
                                                                                                           building works
                                                                                                                  HK$’000


           Within one year                                                                                         382,537
           Over one year                                                                                            52,380


                                                                                                                   434,917




92   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations from contracts with
      customers (Continued)
      The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as
      at 31 March 2020 and the expected timing of recognising revenue are as follows:

                                                                                                           Foundation
                                                                                                            works and
                                                                                                       superstructure
                                                                                                       building works
                                                                                                              HK$’000


      Within one year                                                                                          111,240
      Over one year                                                                                             14,129


                                                                                                               125,369


      Segment information
      The Group’s operating segments are determined based on information reported to the board of directors of the
      Company, being the chief operating decision-maker (the “CODM”), for the purposes of resource allocation and
      assessment of segment performance.

      Specifically, the Group’s reportable and operating segments under HKFRS 8 Operating Segments are as
      follows:

      (i)     Foundation works and superstructure building works — provision of piling works, excavation and lateral
              support works, and pile cap construction and building works in relation to the parts of the structure above
              the ground level and other construction works;

      (ii)    Property development and investment — development and sale of properties and holding of properties
              for investment and leasing purposes;

      (iii)   Property management — provision of property management services, which include security, cleaning,
              greening, gardening, repair and maintenance and etc;




                                                                                                        Annual Report 2020   93
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           Segment information (Continued)
           (iv)     Trading of construction materials — Trading of construction materials includes building steels, cement,
                    building sand and stone;

           (v)      Health and wellness — provision of health and wellness services, which include the healthcare consulting
                    and sales of healthcare products and healthy food;

           (vi)     Smart logistic and information system — provision of logistics services and information technology
                    development.

           The Group has introduced additional segments of (i) property management, (ii) trading of construction materials,
           (iii) health and wellness, and (iv) smart logistic and information system during the period.

           Following the changes of reporting segment from three to six during the period, the comparative segment
           information has been reclassified.

           Segment revenue and results
           The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and result by operating segments:

           For the nine months ended 31 December 2020

                                                 Foundation                                                                       Smart
                                                  works and        Property                     Trading of                  logistic and
                                             superstructure development          Property     construction        Health    information
                                             building works and investment    management         materials   and wellness        system    Elimination      Total
                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000


           REVENUE
           Revenue from external customers         189,032               –          5,867         119,496          58,500           632              –    373,527
           Inter-segment sales                      56,551               –              –               –               –             –        (56,551)         –


                                                   245,583               –          5,867         119,496          58,500           632        (56,551)   373,527


           RESULT
           Segment profit/(loss)                     6,121          34,393          (1,502)           723            575            619              –     40,929


           Other income and net gains                                                                                                                       3,207
           Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                                                                 (40,183)
           Finance costs                                                                                                                                      (76)


           Profit before income tax                                                                                                                         3,877




94   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Segment information (Continued)
      Segment revenue and results (Continued)
      For the year ended 31 March 2020

                                                    Foundation
                                                     works and          Property     Smart logistic
                                                superstructure     development     and information
                                                building works   and investment            system               Total
                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000


      REVENUE
      Revenue from external customers                 177,801                 –              2,646            180,447


      RESULT
      Segment profit                                    5,374             5,375              1,753             12,502


      Other income and net gains                                                                                 4,347
      Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                           (27,381)
      Finance costs                                                                                                 (18)


      Loss before income tax                                                                                   (10,550)

      Segment revenue reported above represents revenue generated from external customers. Inter-segment
      revenue is charged at prevailing market rates. There were no inter-segment sales in prior year.

      The accounting policies of the operating segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. Segment
      results represent the profit from each segment without allocation of other income and net gains, unallocated
      corporate expenses and finance costs. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource
      allocation and performance assessment.




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   95
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           Segment information (Continued)
           Segment assets and liabilities

                                                                                                31 December             31 March
                                                                                                       2020                 2020
                                                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000
                                                                                                                       (Restated)


           Segment assets
           Foundation works and superstructure building works                                         230,867            124,087
           Property development and investment                                                        149,983             27,912
           Property management                                                                         10,502                  –
           Trading of construction materials                                                           10,913              1,749
           Health and wellness                                                                          1,686                  –
           Smart logistic and information system                                                        2,693              1,331


           Total segment assets                                                                       406,644            155,079
           Unallocated corporate assets                                                                73,843            119,335


           Consolidated total assets                                                                  480,487            274,414


           Segment liabilities
           Foundation works and superstructure building works                                         154,974              25,380
           Property development and investment                                                         66,847              75,172
           Property management                                                                         19,584                   –
           Trading of construction materials                                                            5,808               1,997
           Health and wellness                                                                            954                   –
           Smart logistic and information system                                                          128               1,315


           Total segment liabilities                                                                  248,295            103,864
           Unallocated corporate liabilities                                                           69,735              9,836


           Consolidated total liabilities                                                             318,030            113,700

           For the purposes of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources between segments:

           •      all assets are allocated to operating segments other than deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy,
                  tax recoverable, cash and bank balance and other unallocated corporate assets; and

           •      all liabilities are allocated to operating segments other than tax payables, deferred tax liabilities, liabilities
                  for long service payments and other unallocated corporate liabilities.




96   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (Continued)
      Segment information (Continued)
      Other segment information
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020

                                                     Foundation         Property                                                             Smart
                                                      works and     development                        Trading of                      logistic and
                                                 superstructure             and        Property      construction   Health and         information
                                                 building works      investment     management          materials    wellness               system    Unallocated       Total
                                                        HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000              HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000


      Addition to non-current assets                    11,222            60,098            400                –         1,215                 104         13,190      86,229
      Depreciation of property, plant and
        equipment                                         2,525              55              15                –           18                   54             9        2,676
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                   335               –               –                –          268                    4           190          797
      Gain on fair value changes of investment
        properties                                            –           35,703              –                –             –                   –              –      35,703


      For the year ended 31 March 2020

                                                     Foundation                Property
                                                      works and           development               Trading of Smart logistic
                                                 superstructure                    and            construction and information
                                                 building works             investment               materials         system                 Unallocated              Total
                                                       HK$’000                 HK$’000               HK$’000          HK$’000                   HK$’000             HK$’000


      Addition to non-current assets                         5,432                 21,125                   509                  682                     –           27,748
      Depreciation of property, plant
        and equipment                                        2,652                     12                      –                  11                     –            2,675
      Depreciation of right-of-use
        assets                                                    298                   –                      –                   1                     –              299
      Gain on fair value changes of
        investment properties                                       –               5,375                      –                   –                     –            5,375




                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2020     97
     Notes to the Consolidated
     Financial Statements
     For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



     5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND NET GAINS AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
           (Continued)
           Segment information (Continued)
           Geographical information
           The Group’s operations are located in both Hong Kong and the PRC.

           The Group’s revenue from external customers by location of operations and information about its non-current
           assets by location of assets are detailed below:

                                                                     Revenue from external
                                                                          customers                                 Non-current assets
                                                                 Nine months                     Year         Nine months                     Year
                                                                       ended                    ended               ended                    ended
                                                                 31 December                 31 March         31 December                 31 March
                                                                        2020                     2020                2020                     2020
                                                                     HK$’000                  HK$’000             HK$’000                  HK$’000


           Hong Kong                                                     90,324                  177,801               18,573                  10,210
           The PRC                                                      283,203                    2,646               90,824                  29,922


                                                                        373,527                  180,447             109,397                   40,132

           Note: Non-current assets excluded deposit and prepayment for life insurance policy.


           Information about major customers
           Revenue from customers contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                              Nine months                     Year
                                                                                                                    ended                    ended
                                                                                                              31 December                 31 March
                                                                                                                     2020                     2020
                                                                                                                  HK$’000                  HK$’000


           Customer I1                                                                                                  N/A3                   53,390
           Customer II1                                                                                                 N/A3                   38,661
           Customer III1                                                                                                N/A3                   19,669
           Customer IV1                                                                                                80,705                    N/A3
           Customer V2                                                                                                 47,536                    N/A3

           1
                  Revenue from foundation works and superstructure building works.
           2
                  Revenue from trading of construction materials.
           3
                  The corresponding revenue did not contribute over 10% of the total revenue of the Group in the respective period and year.




98   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



6.    FINANCE COST

                                                                                      Nine months              Year
                                                                                            ended             ended
                                                                                      31 December          31 March
                                                                                             2020              2020
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000


      Interest on lease liabilities                                                            76                 18


7.    PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAX
      Profit/(loss) before taxation has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                      Nine months              Year
                                                                                            ended             ended
                                                                                      31 December          31 March
                                                                                             2020              2020
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000


      Auditors’ remuneration                                                                1,360             1,600
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                         2,676             2,675
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                     797               299
      Provision for/(reversal of) impairment losses on trade receivables                      759                (18)
      Provision for impairment losses on contract assets                                      497                 22
      Provision for impairment losses on other receivables and deposits                       252                 37
      Rental expense from short-term leases                                                 1,701             1,759
      Covid-19-related rent concessions (Note 15)                                             (96)                 –
      Staff costs (including directors’ emoluments) (Note 8)                               30,147            25,213




                                                                                                     Annual Report 2020   99
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      8.    EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES, INCLUDING DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS

                                                                                       Nine months              Year
                                                                                             ended             ended
                                                                                       31 December          31 March
                                                                                              2020              2020
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


            Directors’ emoluments                                                             1,834            4,132
            Other staff costs                                                                27,769           20,522
            Retirement scheme contributions
            — defined contribution plan, excluding directors                                    544              559


                                                                                             30,147           25,213

            The Group operates defined contribution schemes in Hong Kong which comply with the requirements under
            the Mandatory Provident Fund (“MPF”) Schemes Ordinance. All assets under the scheme are held separately
            from the Group under independently administered funds. Contributions to the MPF scheme follow the MPF
            Schemes Ordinance.

            The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries established in the PRC are required to participate in a state-
            managed retirement benefit scheme operated by the PRC government. The Group is required to contribute a
            certain percentage of basic payroll costs to the retirement benefit scheme to fund the benefits. The only
            obligation of the Group with respect to the retirement benefit scheme is to make the required contributions
            under the scheme.




100   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



9.    BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS
      (a)    Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
             The remuneration of each director and the chief executive for the nine months ended 31 December 2020
             and year ended 31 March 2020 are set out below:

                                                                           Salaries,
                                                                        allowances                 Retirement
                                                                       and benefits Discretionary      scheme
                                                                 Fee         in kind     bonuses contributions        Total
                                                             HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000


             Nine months ended 31 December 2020
             Executive directors
             — Mr. Yu Zhuyun (“Mr. Yu”) (Note (i))                 –          450              –           27            477
             — Mr. Li Menglin (“Mr. Li”) (Note (ii))               –          367              –            –            367
             — Mr. Zhu Fei (Note (iii))                            –          220              –            –            220



             Non-executive directors
             — Mr. Qiao Xiaoge (“Mr. Qiao”) (Note (iv))            –           75              –             –            75
             — Mr. Gao Jian (“Mr. Gao”) (Note (iv))                –           59              –             –            59
             — Ms. Zhu Yujuan (“Ms. Zhu”) (Note (iv))              –           75              –             –            75

             Independent non-executive directors
             — Dr. Li David Xianglin (“Dr. Li”) (Note (v))      187              –             –             –           187
             — Mr. Wang Wenxing (“Mr. Wang”) (Note (v))         187              –             –             –           187
             — Dr. Zhou Chunsheng (“Dr. Zhou”) (Note (v))       187              –             –             –           187


                                                                561          1,246             –           27          1,834




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2020   101
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      9.    BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
            (a)    Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)

                                                                            Salaries,
                                                                        allowances                        Retirement
                                                                       and benefits     Discretionary        scheme
                                                                 Fee         in kind        bonuses     contributions      Total
                                                             HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000


                   Year ended 31 March 2020
                   Executive directors
                   — Mr. Yu (Note (i))                             –            300                –               9        309
                   — Mr. Zhu Fei (Note (iii))                      –            680              566               –      1,246
                   — Mr. Ng Chi Bun Benjamin
                      (“Mr. Benjamin Ng”) (Note (vi))              –          1,008                –              18      1,026
                   — Ms. Ng Chung Yan May
                      (“Ms. May Ng”) (Note (vii))                  –            450                –              18        468
                   — Mr. Li (Note (ii))                            –              –                –               –          –

                   Non-executive directors
                   — Mr. Qiao (Note (iv))                          –              49               –               –         49
                   — Mr. Gao (Note (iv))                           –              49               –               –         49
                   — Ms. Zhu (Note (iv))                           –              49               –               –         49
                   — Ms. Tsui Kwok Ying
                      (“Ms.KY Tsui”) (Note (vii))                  –            300                –               –        300

                   Independent non-executive directors
                   — Dr. Li (Note (v))                            89               –               –               –         89
                   — Mr. Wang (Note (v))                          89               –               –               –         89
                   — Dr. Zhou (Note (v))                          89               –               –               –         89
                   — Mr. Yau Chung Hang (Note (viii))            123               –               –               –        123
                   — Mr. Pong Kam Keung (Note (viii))            123               –               –               –        123
                   — Mr. Lo Ki Chiu (Note (viii))                123               –               –               –        123


                                                                 636          2,885              566              45      4,132

                   The Group has been providing accommodation, which is leased from third party, to Mr. Benjamin Ng for
                   use by his and his family members at no charge. The estimated money value of the benefit in kind is
                   approximately HK$186,000 for the year ended 31 March 2020.

                   During the nine months ended 31 December 2020, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the
                   directors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office (year
                   ended 31 March 2020: Nil). Neither the chief executive nor any of the directors has waived or agreed to
                   waive any emoluments during the nine months ended 31 December 2020 (year ended 31 March 2020:
                   Nil).




102   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



9.    BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
      (a)    Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (Continued)
             Notes:


             (i)      Mr. Yu was appointed as an executive director and the chairman of the board of directors of the Company on 4 October 2019
                      and subsequently appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company on 30 April 2020.


             (ii)     Mr. Li was appointed as an executive director of the Company on 30 April 2020.


             (iii)    Mr. Zhu Fei was appointed as an executive director and the chief executive officer of the Company on 4 October 2019 and
                      resigned as an executive director and the chief executive officer of the Company on 30 April 2020. His emoluments disclosed
                      above including these for services rendered by him as the chief executive officer from 4 October 2019 to 30 April 2020.


             (iv)     Mr. Qiao, Mr. Gao and Ms. Zhu were appointed as non-executive directors of the Company on 4 October 2019 and Mr. Gao
                      resigned as non-executive director of the Company on 23 October 2020.


             (v)      Dr. Li, Mr. Wang and Dr. Zhou were appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company on 4 October 2019.


             (vi)     Mr. Benjamin Ng resigned as an executive director and the chief executive officer of the Company on 4 October 2019. He was
                      also director of certain subsidiaries of the Company and/or employees of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2020 and
                      the Group paid emoluments to him in his capacity as the directors of these subsidiaries and/or employees of the Group. His
                      emoluments disclosed above including these for services rendered by him as the chief executive officer from 1 April 2019 to 4
                      October 2019.


             (vii)    Ms. KY Tsui and Ms. May Ng resigned as non-executive director/executive directors of the Company on 4 October 2019. They
                      were also directors of certain subsidiaries of the Company and/or employees of the Group during the year ended 31 March 2020
                      and the Group paid emoluments to them in their capacity as the directors of these subsidiaries and/or employees of the Group.


             (viii)   Mr. Yau Chung Hang, Mr. Pong Kam Keung and Mr. Lo Ki Chiu were resigned as an independent non-executive director of the
                      Company on 4 October 2019.


      (b) Five highest paid individuals
             During the nine months ended 31 December 2020, the five individuals whose emoluments were the
             highest in the Group include nil (year ended 31 March 2020: two) directors, whose emoluments are
             disclosed above. The emoluments paid to the remaining five (year ended 31 March 2020: three) are as
             follows:

                                                                                                           Nine months                      Year
                                                                                                                 ended                     ended
                                                                                                           31 December                  31 March
                                                                                                                  2020                      2020
                                                                                                               HK$’000                   HK$’000


             Salaries and allowances                                                                                  6,379                     3,720
             Discretionary bonuses                                                                                    1,968                       385
             Retirement scheme contributions                                                                             81                        36


                                                                                                                      8,428                     4,141




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2020      103
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      9.    BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
            (b) Five highest paid individuals (Continued)
                   The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                            Nine months                 Year
                                                                                                   ended              ended
                                                                                            31 December           31 March
                                                                                                     2020              2020
                                                                                              Number of          Number of
                                                                                              individuals        individuals


                   Emolument bands (in HK$)
                   Nil–HK$1,000,000                                                                      1                 –
                   HK$1,000,001–HK$1,500,000                                                             2                 2
                   HK$1,500,001–HK$2,000,000                                                             –                 1
                   HK$2,000,000 or above                                                                 2                 –

                   During the nine months ended 31 December 2020, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the above
                   highest paid individuals as (i) an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or (ii) as compensation for
                   loss of office as a director or management of any members of the Group (year ended 31 March 2020: Nil).

      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                            Nine months               Year
                                                                                                  ended              ended
                                                                                            31 December           31 March
                                                                                                   2020               2020
                                                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000


            Hong Kong Profits Tax
            — Current tax                                                                                –                99
            — Over-provision in prior year                                                               –                 (6)

            The PRC Enterprise Income Tax
            — Current tax                                                                           1,045               429

            Deferred tax (Note 28)                                                                  3,484             1,615


            Income tax expense                                                                      4,529             2,137

            On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
            2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28
            March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first
            HK$2 million of profits of the qualifying group entity will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will
            be taxed at 16.5%. The profits of group entities not qualifying for the two-tiered profits tax rates regime will
            continue to be taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

            Hong Kong Profits Tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits for the
            period. No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made for the nine months ended 31 December 2020
            as the Group had no assessable profits arising in or derived from Hong Kong for the current period.



104   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
      Accordingly, one of the subsidiaries of the Company is subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax at the rate of 8.25%
      for the first HK$2 million of estimated assessable profits and at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits
      above HK$2 million for the year ended 31 March 2020. Other subsidiaries of the Company are subjected to
      Hong Kong Profits Tax at the rate of 16.5% for the year ended 31 March 2020.

      Under the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT
      Law, the tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% except for subsidiaries which are qualified as small low-profit
      enterprises. The annual taxable income of a small low-profit enterprises that is not more than RMB1 million
      shall be included in its taxable income at the reduced rate of 25%, with the applicable enterprise income tax
      rate of 20%; and the annual taxable income that is not less than RMB1 million nor more than RMB3 million
      shall be included in its taxable income at the reduced rate of 50%, with the applicable enterprise income tax
      rate of 20% for the nine months ended 31 December 2020 (year ended 31 March 2020: 25%).

      Taxation arising in other jurisdiction is calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdiction.

      The tax charge for the period/year can be reconciled to profit/(loss) before tax per consolidated statement of
      profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                           Nine months                 Year
                                                                                                 ended                ended
                                                                                           31 December             31 March
                                                                                                  2020                 2020
                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000


      Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                               3,877            (10,550)


      Calculated at a tax rate of 16.5%                                                               640             (1,741)
      Income tax at concessionary rate                                                                  –                 (92)
      Income not subject to tax                                                                      (275)                (66)
      Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                         11                  96
      Tax concession                                                                                    –                 (20)
      Effect of PRC land appreciation tax                                                           2,492              1,613
      Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognised                              9,470              2,925
      Effect of different taxation rates in other jurisdications                                   (7,809)              (572)
      Over-provision in respect of prior year                                                           –                   (6)


      Income tax expense                                                                            4,529              2,137




                                                                                                             Annual Report 2020   105
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      11. LOSS PER SHARE

                                                                                          Nine months                Year
                                                                                                ended               ended
                                                                                          31 December            31 March
                                                                                                 2020                2020
                                                                                              HK$’000             HK$’000
                                                                                                                (Restated)


            Loss attributable to owners of the Company                                              749            12,687


            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
             calculating basic loss per share (in thousand)                                   1,056,000         1,056,000


            Basic loss per share (HK cent)                                                          0.07              1.20

            The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic loss per share for the nine months
            ended 31 December 2020 has been adjusted for the share subdivision on 5 August 2020 as if they have taken
            place since the beginning of the period.

            The comparative figures for the basic loss per share for the year ended 31 March 2020 are restated to take into
            account of the effect of the above share subdivision during the year retrospectively as if they have taken place
            since the beginning of the comparative year.

            No diluted loss per share is presented for both current period and prior year as there was no potential ordinary
            share outstanding.




106   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
      Details of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are set out as follows:

                                        Place of incorporation/                                 Issued and fully
                                        operation and kind                                      paid-up capital/
      Name                              of legal entity               Principal activities      registered capital     Percentage of interest held
                                                                                                                      31 December         31 March
                                                                                                                             2020             2020


      Steer Vision Limited              BVI, limited liability company Investment holding       Ordinary share US$2          100%             100%
        (“Steer Vision”)                                                                                                   (direct)          (direct)

      Build Wise Limited (“Build Wise”) BVI, limited liability company Investment holding       Ordinary share US$2          100%             100%
                                                                                                                         (indirect)        (indirect)

      United Prosperous Limited         BVI, limited liability company Investment holding       Ordinary share US$1          100%             100%
        (“United Prosperous”)                                                                                            (indirect)        (indirect)

      Grand Basework Limited            BVI, limited liability company Investment holding       Ordinary share US$1          100%             100%
        (“Grand Basework”)                                                                                               (indirect)        (indirect)

      Prosperous Contractors Limited    BVI, limited liability company Investment holding       Ordinary share US$1          100%             100%
        (“Prosperous Contractors”)                                                                                       (indirect)        (indirect)

      Wise Trend Engineering Limited    Hong Kong, limited            Business of foundation    Ordinary share               100%             100%
       (“Wise Trend Engineering”)         liability company             works and superstructure HK$59,323,629           (indirect)        (indirect)
                                                                        building works

      Wise Trend Construction &         Hong Kong, limited            Handling human resources Ordinary share                100%             100%
       Engineering Limited                liability company             and related administrative HK$10,000             (indirect)        (indirect)
       (“Wise Trend Construction &                                      matters of the Group
       Engineering”)

      Wise Trend Construction Limited   Hong Kong, limited            Business of foundation    Ordinary share               100%             100%
       (“Wise Trend Construction”)        liability company             works and superstructure HK$1,000,000            (indirect)        (indirect)
                                                                        building works

      Myriad Ocean Holdings Limited     BVI, limited liability company Investment holding       Ordinary share               100%             100%
                                                                                                  US$50,000              (indirect)        (indirect)


      Central International Trade Group Hong Kong, limited            Investment holding        Ordinary share HK$1          100%             100%
        (Hong Kong) Limited (formerly     liability company                                                              (indirect)        (indirect)
        known as Hugeway Group
        Holdings Limited)




                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2020       107
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                               Place of incorporation/                                     Issued and fully
                                               operation and kind                                          paid-up capital/
            Name                               of legal entity                Principal activities         registered capital    Percentage of interest held
                                                                                                                                31 December         31 March
                                                                                                                                       2020             2020


            深圳市鴻欣控股有限公司                        PRC, limited liability         Investment holding           Registered capital          100%             100%
             Shenzhen Hongxin                    company                                                     RMB100,000,000        (indirect)        (indirect)
             Holding Co., Ltd*

            浙江新田鋪農旅開發有限公司                      PRC, limited liability         Business of property         Registered capital          100%             100%
             Zhejiang Xintianpu Agricultural     company                        development and              RMB50,000,000         (indirect)        (indirect)
             Travel Development Ltd*                                            investment

            安徽中之環建築工程有限公司                   PRC, limited liability            Business of foundation    Registered capital             100%             100%
             Anhui Zhongzhihuan               company                           works and superstructure RMB40,000,000             (indirect)        (indirect)
             Construction Engineering                                           building works
             Co., Ltd* (“Anhui Zhongzhihuan
             Construction”)

            合肥廣益鑫貿易有限公司                        PRC, limited liability         Trading of commodities       Registered capital          100%             100%
             Hefei Guangyixin Trading Co.,       company                                                     RMB50,000,000         (indirect)        (indirect)
             Ltd* (“Hefei Guangyixin”)

            中環廣利恒（衢州）有色金屬                      PRC, limited liability         Trading of commodities       Registered capital          100%             100%
             貿易有限公司                              company                                                     RMB50,000,000         (indirect)        (indirect)
             Zhonghuan Guangliheng
             (Quzhou) Non-Ferrous Metal
             Trading Co., Ltd*

            中環鑫信匯（衢州）貿易有限公司                    PRC, limited liability         Trading of commodities       Registered capital          100%             100%
             Zhonghuan Xinxinhui (Quzhou)        company                                                     RMB50,000,000         (indirect)        (indirect)
             Trading Co., Ltd*

            上海中鎬信息科技有限公司                       PRC, limited liability         Business of logistics        Paid -up capital            100%             100%
            Shanghai Zhonggao Information        company                        services and information     RMB557,000            (indirect)        (indirect)
              Technology Co., Ltd.*                                             technology development
              (“Shanghai Zhonggao”)

            Central Finance Group Limited      Hong Kong, limited liability   Investment holding           Ordinary share              100%             100%
              (formerly known as Shenzhen        company                                                     HK$10,000               (direct)          (direct)
              Ecom Industry Co., Limited)

            Central International Trade Group BVI, limited liability company Investment holding            Ordinary share              100%             100%
              Limited (formerly known as Top                                                                 US$50,000               (direct)          (direct)
              Elite International Investment
              Limited)




108   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



12. PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                         Place of incorporation/                                    Issued and fully
                                         operation and kind                                         paid-up capital/
      Name                               of legal entity               Principal activities         registered capital    Percentage of interest held
                                                                                                                         31 December         31 March
                                                                                                                                2020             2020


      Central Jian Kang Limited          BVI, limited liability company Investment holding          Ordinary share              100%             100%
        (formerly known as Central                                                                    US$50,000               (direct)          (direct)
        Culture Holdings Group
        Limited)

      Central Health Group Limited       Hong Kong, limited            Provision of health and      Ordinary share              100%             100%
        (formerly known as Joyful (HK)     liability company             wellness services            HK$10,000               (direct)          (direct)
        Group Limited)

      中之環大健康科技發展（北京）                     PRC, limited liability        Provision of health and      Registered capital          100%               N/A
       有限公司                                company                       wellness services            RMB50,000,000         (indirect)

      安徽中港物業服務有限公司                       PRC, limited liability        Provision of property        Registered capital          100%               N/A
       Anhui Zhong Gang Property           company                       investment advisory          RMB8,000,000          (indirect)
       Service Co., Ltd.*                                                services
       (“Anhui Zhong Gang”)

      安徽中瞻網絡科技有限公司                       PRC, limited liability        Business of logistics        Registered capital           51%               N/A
                                           company                       services and information     RMB20,000,000         (indirect)
                                                                         technology development

      阜陽中環文旅發展有限公司                       PRC, limited liability        Business of property         Registered capital          100%               N/A
                                           company                       development and              RMB20,000,000         (indirect)
                                                                         investment

      珠海中環云健康管理有限公司                      PRC, limited liability        Provision of health and      Registered capital          100%               N/A
                                           company                       wellness services            RMB10,000,000         (indirect)

      Note: None of the subsidiaries had issued any listed securities at the end of the reporting period. The Group had no subsidiaries which have
             material non-controlling interests for the nine months ended 31 December 2020 and year ended 31 March 2020.


      *      English translation of the name of a Chinese company is provided for identification purpose only.


13. DIVIDENDS
      No dividend was proposed or paid by the board of directors for the nine months ended 31 December 2020 (year
      ended 31 March 2020: Nil).




                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2020       109
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                              Furniture
                                                                                fixtures
                                                   Machinery     Leasehold    and office     Motor
                                               and equipment improvements    equipment     vehicles     Total
                                                     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000


            Cost
            At 1 April 2019                           16,677           425          269      4,151     21,522
            Additions                                     35             –          193      1,822      2,050
            Acquired on acquisitions of
              subsidiaries                                 –             –          292          –        292
            Disposals                                     (7)            –          (23)      (693)      (723)
            Exchange adjustments                           –             –          (12)        (3)        (15)


            At 31 March 2020                          16,705           425          719      5,277     23,126


            Accumulated depreciation
            At 1 April 2019                            7,409           425          229      2,926     10,989
            Charge for the year                        2,134             –           30        511      2,675
            Eliminated on disposals                       (7)            –          (23)      (693)      (723)
            Exchange adjustments                           –             –           (1)         –          (1)


            At 31 March 2020                           9,536           425          235      2,744     12,940


            Net Book value
            At 31 March 2020                           7,169             –          484      2,533     10,186


            Cost
            At 1 April 2020                           16,705           425          719      5,277     23,126
            Additions                                 10,808           719        1,062        414     13,003
            Acquired on acquisitions of
              subsidiaries                                 –             –          131         91        222
            Disposals                                      –             –          (31)         –        (31)
            Exchange adjustments                           –            37           98         12        147


            At 31 December 2020                       27,513         1,181        1,979      5,794     36,467


            Accumulated depreciation
            At 1 April 2020                            9,536           425          235      2,744     12,940
            Charge for the period                      1,985            23          108        560      2,676
            Eliminated on disposals                        –             –          (31)         –        (31)
            Exchange adjustments                           –             1            6          2          9


            At 31 December 2020                       11,521           449          318      3,306     15,594


            Net Book value
            At 31 December 2020                       15,992           732        1,661      2,488     20,873



110   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



15. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
      For current period and prior year, the Group leases certain properties as staff quarter and office premises for its
      operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term between two to five years (year ended 31 March
      2020: two to three years). Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of
      different terms and conditions.

      In addition, lump sum payments were made upfront to acquire the leasehold lands from the owners with lease
      periods of fourty years, and no ongoing payments will be made under the terms of these leasehold lands.

                                                         Staff             Office        Leasehold
                                                       quarter          premises             lands               Total
                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000             HK$’000

      At 31 December 2020
      Carrying amount                                       261              7,938             5,061            13,260

      At 31 March 2020
      Carrying amount                                       596                  8                  –               604

      For the nine months ended
        31 December 2020
      Depreciation charge                                   335                370                92                797

      For the year ended
        31 March 2020
      Depreciation charge                                   298                  1                  –               299

                                                                                      Nine months                 Year
                                                                                            ended                ended
                                                                                      31 December             31 March
                                                                                             2020                 2020
                                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000

      Finance costs (Note 6)                                                                      76                 18

      Expense relating to short-term leases                                                    1,701              1,759

      Total cash outflow for leases                                                            2,286              2,068

      Addition to right-of-use assets                                                         12,792                903

      The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for certain office premises and office equipment. As at 31
      December 2020 and 31 March 2020, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term
      leases to which the short-term leases expense disclosed in Note 7.

      During the nine months ended 31 December 2020, certain monthly lease payments for the leases of the
      Group’s office premises have been waived by the lessors. These rent concessions occurred as a direct
      consequence of Covid-19 pandemic and met of all of the conditions in HKFRS 16.46B, and the Group applied
      the practical expedient not to assess whether the changes constitute lease modifications. The effects on
      changes in lease payments due to forgiveness or waiver by the lessors for the relevant leases of approximately
      HK$96,000 were recognised as negative variable lease payments.

      The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leases assets that
      are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.


                                                                                                        Annual Report 2020   111
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      16. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                                  HK$’000


            FAIR VALUE
            At 1 April 2019                                                                                              –
            Additions                                                                                               20,808
            Net increase in fair value recognised in profit or loss                                                  5,375
            Exchange adjustments                                                                                      (466)


            At 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                                                                       25,717
            Additions                                                                                               60,035
            Transfer to properties under development for sale                                                      (53,022)
            Net increase in fair value recognised in profit or loss                                                 35,703
            Exchange adjustments                                                                                     2,716


            At 31 December 2020                                                                                     71,149

                                                                                            Nine months
                                                                                                  ended        Year ended
                                                                                            31 December         31 March
                                                                                                   2020              2020
                                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000


            Unrealised gain on properties revaluation included in profit or loss                   35,703            5,375

            The fair value of the Group’s investment properties located in the PRC at 31 December 2020 have been arrived
            at on the basis of a valuation carried out on the respective dates by Peak Vision Appraisals Limited (31 March
            2020: Quzhou Zhongruihua Asset Appraisal Co. Ltd), independent qualified professional valuers not connected
            to the Group.

            During the nine months ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s investment properties were transferred to
            properties under development for sale at fair value of approximately HK$53,022,000 at the date of transfer due
            to the change of usage as evidenced by commencement of development with a view to sale.

            Details of the Group’s investment properties and information about the fair value hierarchy as at the end of the
            reporting period are as follows:

                                                                       Fair value as at                     Fair value as at
                                                                         31 December                              31 March
                                                               Level 3            2020            Level 3              2020
                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000


            Investment properties located
              in the PRC                                        71,149             71,149          25,717           25,717

            There were no transfers into or out of Level 3 during the current period and prior year.




112   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



16. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      Below is a summary of the valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of investment
      properties:

                                                                                           Relationship of
                                     Fair value   Valuation            Significant         unobservable inputs
      Investment properties          hierarchy    technique            unobservable inputs to fair value

      At 31 December 2020

      Hotels under                   Level 3      Residual method      Development costs to The increase in
        construction located                                             completion of        development costs
        in the PRC                                                       approximately to     would result in a
                                                                         HK$132 million       decrease in fair value
                                                                                              and vice versa.

                                                                       Developer’s profit and The increase in the
                                                                         risk rate, taking into developer’s profit
                                                                         account of the         and risk rate would
                                                                         progress of the        result in a decrease
                                                                         property, of 8%        in fair value, and vice
                                                                                                versa.

      At 31 March 2020

      Land in the PRC for            Level 3      Direct comparison    Adjusted average price A significant increase
        commercial use                              method               per square meter of    of the market unit
                                                                         HK$549                 rate used would
                                                                                                result in a significant
                                                                                                increase in fair value,
                                                                                                and vice versa.

      As at 31 December 2020, the fair value was derived using the residual method. The residual method is based
      on the assumption that the property is newly completed in accordance with the development proposal in terms
      of property uses and construction schedules to establish the gross development value (“GDV”). The total
      development costs including construction costs, contingency, financial costs, marketing & legal fees and
      developer’s profit are estimated and deducted from the established GDV. The residual value is then adjusted
      back to the valuation date to arrive at the market value of the property interest concerned. The income
      approach has been used in estimating the GDV.

      As at 31 March 2020, the fair value was determined based on direct comparison approach where the values
      are assessed by reference to the comparable properties in close proximity and adjusted for differences in key
      attributes such as property size and location.

      In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.

      As can be seen from the table above, there has been a change in valuation technique for the valuation of the
      hotels under construction located in the PRC. In respect of the hotels under construction located in the PRC,
      the valuation technique was changed from direct comparison method to residual method. In the opinion of the
      directors of the Company, the change resulted in a fair value measurement that is more representative of fair
      value in the circumstances taking into account of the hotels under construction located in the PRC.




                                                                                                         Annual Report 2020   113
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                Goodwill                 Licence                  Total
                                                                                                 HK$’000                 HK$’000                HK$’000
                                                                                                  Note (i)                Note (ii)


            At 1 April 2019                                                                                –                     –                      –
            Arising on acquisitions of subsidiaries                                                     890                  2,805                 3,695
            Exchange adjustments                                                                         (20)                  (50)                   (70)


            At 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                                                           870                  2,755                 3,625
            Arising on acquisition of a subsidiary                                                      178                      –                   178
            Exchange adjustments                                                                         79                    233                   312


            At 31 December 2020                                                                       1,127                  2,988                 4,115

            Notes:


            (i)      For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (“CGU”), representing Shanghai Zhonggao,
                     Hefei Guangyixin and Anhui Zhong Gang acquired by the Group during the nine months ended 31 December 2020 and year ended 31
                     March 2020 (Note 34).


                     The carrying amount of goodwill is allocated to the CGU as follows:


                                                                                                                31 December 2020             31 March 2020
                                                                                                                          HK$’000                 HK$’000
                                                                                                                                   HK$’000                 HK$’000




                     Provision of logistics services and information technology development                                    404                     373
                     Trading of construction materials                                                                         540                     497
                     Provision of property management services                                                                 183                        –


                                                                                                                             1,127                     870


                     (a)    Provision of logistics services and information technology development


                            During the nine months ended 31 December 2020, the management performed impairment review for the goodwill. The
                            recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined by a value-in-use calculation based on the cash flow forecast derived from
                            the most recent financial budgets and estimated future cash flows covering a 5-year period as approved by management. The
                            CGU’s cash flows are extrapolated using a steady 3% growth rate (year ended 31 March 2020: 1%). This growth rate is based
                            on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. All
                            cash flows are using a pre-tax discount rate of 21.78% (year ended 31 March 2020: 23.43%), that reflect the risks specific to the
                            CGU. No impairment loss was recognised in respect of goodwill allocated to this CGU for the nine months ended 31 December
                            2020 as the recoverable amount to this CGU exceeded its carrying amount (year ended 31 March 2020: Nil).




114   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



17. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)


      (i)    (Continued)


             (b)    Trading of construction materials


                    During the nine months ended 31 December 2020, the management performed impairment review for the goodwill. The
                    recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined by a value-in-use calculation based on the cash flow forecast derived from
                    the most recent financial budgets and estimated future cash flows covering a 5-year period as approved by management. The
                    CGU’s cash flows are extrapolated using a steady 3% growth rate (year ended 31 March 2020: 5%). This growth rate is based
                    on the relevant industry growth forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. All
                    cash flows are using a pre-tax discount rate of 15.21% (year ended 31 March 2020: 21.78%), that reflect the risks specific to the
                    CGU. No impairment loss was recognised in respect of goodwill allocated to this CGU for the nine months ended 31 December
                    2020 as the recoverable amount to this CGU exceeded its carrying amount (year ended 31 March 2020: Nil).


             (c)    Provision of property management services


                    During the nine months ended 31 December 2020, the management performed impairment review for the goodwill. The
                    recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined by a value-in-use calculation based on the cash flow forecast derived from
                    the most recent financial budgets and estimated future cash flows covering a 5-year period as approved by management. The
                    CGU’s cash flows are extrapolated using a steady 3% growth rate. This growth rate is based on the relevant industry growth
                    forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. All cash flows are using a pre-tax
                    discount rate of 16.24%, that reflect the risks specific to the CGU. No impairment loss was recognised in respect of goodwill
                    allocated to this CGU for the nine months ended 31 December 2020 as the recoverable amount to this CGU exceeded its
                    carrying amount.


      (ii)   The licence represents a second class main contractor in general construction works licence （建築工程施工總承包貳級） in the PRC
             which were purchased as part of acquisitions of subsidiaries during the year ended 31 March 2020 (Note 34d).


             The licence is considered by the management of the Group as having an indefinite useful life as it is expected to generate economic
             benefit to the Group indefinitely. The licence will not be amortised until its useful life is determined to be finite.


             During the nine months ended 31 December 2020, the management performed impairment review for the licence. The recoverable
             amount of the licence has been determined by a value-in-use calculation based on the cash flow forecast derived from the most recent
             financial budgets and estimated future cash flows covering a 5-year period as approved by management. The CGU’s cash flows are
             extrapolated using a steady 3% growth rate (year ended 31 March 2020: 4%). This growth rate is based on the relevant industry growth
             forecasts and does not exceed the average long-term growth rate for the relevant industry. All cash flows are using a pre-tax discount
             rate of 14.34% (year ended 31 March 2020: 23.47%), that reflect the risks specific to the licence. No impairment loss was recognised
             for the nine months ended 31 December 2020 as the recoverable amount to the licence exceeded its carrying amount (year ended 31
             March 2020: Nil).




                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   115
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      18. DEPOSIT AND PREPAYMENT FOR LIFE INSURANCE POLICY
            The Group entered into a life insurance policy with an insurance company to insure Mr. Benjamin Ng. Under
            the policy, Wise Trend Engineering is the beneficiary and policy holder and the total insured sum is US$
            1,080,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$8,424,000). Wise Trend Engineering is required to pay upfront
            deposits of approximately US$388,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,026,000). Wise Trend Engineering
            can terminate the policy at any time and receive cash back based on the cash value of the policy at the date of
            withdrawal, which is determined by the upfront payments of approximately US$388,000 (equivalent to
            approximately HK$3,026,000) plus accumulated interest earned and minus the accumulated insurance charge
            and policy expense charge. In addition, if withdrawal is made at any time during the first to the eighteenth
            policy year, as appropriate, a pre-determined specified amount of surrender charge would be imposed. The
            insurance company will pay Wise Trend Engineering a guaranteed interest of 3.55% per annum for the first
            year, followed by guaranteed interest of 2% per annum or above per annum for the following years.

            At 31 December 2020, the deposits and prepayments for life insurance policies amounted to approximately
            HK$3,136,000 (31 March 2020: approximately HK$3,074,000). The deposits and prepayments for life insurance
            policies are denominated in US$.

            Included in sundries income for the nine months ended 31 December 2020 was amount of approximately
            HK$81,000 (year ended 31 March 2020: approximately HK$108,000) in respect of income on deposit and
            prepayment for life insurance policy.

      19. PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT FOR SALE
            Included in properties under development for sale with an aggregate amount of approximately HK$66,914,000
            (31 March 2020: Nil) which are expected to be completed within twelve months from the end of the reporting
            period.

      20. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                         31 December            31 March
                                                                                                2020                2020
                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000


            Financial assets
            Financial assets at amortised cost
            Trade and other receivables excluding prepayments                                    71,463           49,714
            Cash and bank balances                                                               53,757          114,462


            Total                                                                              125,220           164,176

                                                                                         31 December            31 March
                                                                                                2020                2020
                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000


            Financial liabilities
            Financial liabilities at amortised cost
            Trade and other payables                                                           175,295            29,466
            Amounts due to related companies                                                    49,087            79,719
            Lease liabilities                                                                    8,320               618


            Total                                                                              232,702           109,803



116   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



21. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                        31 December             31 March
                                                                                               2020                 2020
                                                                                            HK$’000              HK$’000


      Contract assets                                                                          168,155             62,792
      Less: Provision for impairment losses                                                       (544)               (23)


      Contract assets — net                                                                    167,611             62,769
      Contract liabilities                                                                     (76,865)                 –


                                                                                                90,746             62,769

      Included in the Group’s contract assets are amount due from a related party of approximately HK$20,127,000
      as at 31 December 2020 (31 March 2020: nil).

      The contract assets primarily relate to the Group’s right to consideration for work completed and not billed
      because the rights are conditioned on factors other than passage of time. The contract assets are transferred
      to trade receivables when the rights become unconditional. When the Group receives a deposit before services
      are rendered, this will give rise to contract liabilities at the beginning of a contract, until the revenue recognised
      on the relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposit.

      As at 31 December 2020, included in contract assets comprises retention receivables of approximately
      HK$35,748,000 (31 March 2020: approximately HK$29,828,000).

      Retention receivables represented the monies withheld by customers of contract works fully recoverable
      within 1 year from the date of completion of construction contracts, in accordance with the terms specified in
      the relevant contracts. Generally, upon satisfactory completion of contract work as set out in the contract,
      partial of the retention money of such contract work will be released to the Group, while the remaining will be
      released to the Group upon the expiration of the defects liability period.

      None of the revenue recognised relates to carried-forward contract liabilities during the current period and prior
      year.

      The increase in contract assets as at 31 December 2020 was mainly due to the increase in the ongoing
      foundation works and superstructure building works in the PRC at the end of the period.

      The increase in contract liabilities as at 31 December 2020 was mainly due to the increase in deposits received
      from customers in relation to properties under development for sale.

      The Group applied the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9. The counterparties are
      grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to past default experience, current past due
      exposure of the debtor and forward-looking information.

      Details of impairment assessment of contract assets for the nine months ended 31 December 2020 and year
      ended 31 March 2020 are set out in Note 3.1.




                                                                                                          Annual Report 2020   117
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                              31 December                31 March
                                                                                                                     2020                    2020
                                                                                                                  HK$’000                 HK$’000


            Trade receivables                                                                                         38,025                27,907
            Less: Provision for impairment losses on trade receivables                                                  (802)                    (5)


                                                                                                                      37,223                27,902

            Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                                               41,902                24,808
            Less: Provision for impairment losses on other receivables and deposits                                     (316)                  (60)


                                                                                                                      41,586                24,748


                                                                                                                      78,809                52,650

            Notes:


            (a)      The credit terms granted to customers are varied and are generally the result of negotiations between individual customers and the
                     Group. The credit period granted to customers is 7 to 90 days generally.


            (b)      The ageing analysis of the trade receivables (including amounts due from related companies of trading in nature) based on payment
                     certificate date/invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                                                  31 December               31 March
                                                                                                                          2020                  2020
                                                                                                                       HK$’000              HK$’000


                     0–30 days                                                                                          29,811                16,096
                     31–60 days                                                                                           3,308                2,095
                     61–90 days                                                                                            273                 6,273
                     Over 90 days                                                                                         4,633                3,443


                                                                                                                        38,025                27,907




118   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



22. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)


      (c)    Age of trade receivables that are past due but not impaired:


             As at 31 December 2020, trade receivables of approximately HK$7,232,000 (31 March 2020: approximately HK$11,811,000) were past
             due. Based on past experience and forward-looking estimates, the amounts are considered as recoverable.


      (d)    Included in the Group’s trade and other receivables are amounts due from related companies of approximately HK$910,000 as at 31
             December 2020 (31 March 2020: approximately HK$855,000), which are repayable on credit terms similar to those offered to other
             customers of the Group.


      (e)    The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets. The Group does not hold any collateral as security.


      (f)    The movement in the loss allowance on trade and other receivables are as follow:


                                                                                                                                Other receivables
                                                                                                          Trade receivables           and deposits
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000


             As at 1 April 2019                                                                                           23                     23
             (Reversal of)/provision for loss allowance recognised in profit or loss during the year                     (18)                    37


             As at 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                                                                          5                     60
             Provision for loss allowance recognised in profit or loss during the period                                 759                    252
             Exchange realignment                                                                                         38                      4


             As at 31 December 2020                                                                                      802                    316


      (g)    The Group applied the simplified approach to provide for ECL prescribed by HKFRS 9 which permits the use of the lifetime ECL for
             trade receivables. The debtors are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics by reference to past default experience, current
             past due exposure of the debtor and forward-looking information.


             The Group applied the general approach in HKFRS 9 to measure the loss allowance at 12-month ECL for other receivables and deposits.


             Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables for the nine months ended 31 December 2020 and year ended 31
             March 2020 are set out in Note 3.1.




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2020      119
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      23. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                                31 December                 31 March
                                                                                                                       2020                     2020
                                                                                                                    HK$’000                  HK$’000


            Cash at banks                                                                                                53,699              114,462
            Cash on hand                                                                                                     58                    –


            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                    53,757              114,462

            Notes:


            (a)      As at 31 December 2020, included in cash and cash equivalents of the Group was approximately HK$8,786,000 (31 March 2020:
                     approximately HK$53,860,000) of bank balances denominated in RMB placed with banks in the PRC, which are not freely convertible
                     into other currencies.


            (b)      Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates.


      24. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                                                      shares          Share capital
                                                                                                                                          HK$’000


            Ordinary shares of HK$0.0025 (31 March 2020: HK$0.01) each

            Authorised:

            At 1 April 2019, 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                                                    5,000,000,000                   50,000
            Effect of share subdivision (Note)                                                                15,000,000,000                        –


            At 31 December 2020                                                                               20,000,000,000                   50,000


            Issued and fully paid:

            At 1 April 2019, 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                                                       264,000,000                    2,640
            Effect of share subdivision (Note)                                                                    792,000,000                        –


            At 31 December 2020                                                                                1,056,000,000                     2,640

            Note: An ordinary resolution for the share subdivision was passed at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 3 August
                     2020. The subdivision of each of the existing issued and unissued share of HK$0.01 each in the share capital of the Company into four
                     shares of HK$0.0025 each has been effective from 5 August 2020.




120   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



25. SHARE OPTION SCHEME
      The Company’s share option scheme (the “Scheme”) was adopted pursuant to a resolution passed on 13
      March 2018 as to attract and retain the best available personnel and to provide additional incentive to the
      eligible participants under the Scheme.

      Under the Scheme, the directors of the Company may at their absolute discretion and subject to the terms of
      the Scheme, grant options to any employees (full-time or part-time), directors, consultants or advisors,
      substantial shareholder, distributors, contractors, suppliers, agents, customers, business partners or service
      providers of the Group, to subscribe for shares of the Company. The eligibility of any participants to the grant of
      any options shall be determined by the directors from time to time on the basis of the directors’ opinion as to
      their contribution to the development and growth of the Group.

      The aggregate number of the Company’s shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
      granted and yet to be exercised under the Scheme and any other share options schemes of the Company must
      not exceed 30% of the Company’s shares in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under the
      Scheme or any other share options schemes of the Company if this will result in the limit being exceeded. The
      maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Scheme and any
      other share option schemes of the Company as from the adoption date must not in aggregate exceed 10% of
      all the shares in issue upon the date on which the shares are listed and permitted to be dealt in the Stock
      Exchange. The 10% limit may be refreshed at any time by approval of the Company’s shareholders in general
      meeting provided that the total number of the Company’s shares which may be issued upon exercise of all
      options to be granted under the Scheme and any other share options schemes of the Company must not
      exceed 10% of the Company’s shares in issue as at the date of approval of the refreshed limit.

      The total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to each participant
      (including both exercised and outstanding options) under the Scheme or any other share option schemes of the
      Company in any 12-month period up to date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the shares of the Company in
      issue. Where any further grant of options to a participant under the Scheme would result in the shares issued
      and to be issued upon exercise of all options granted and to be granted to such participant (including exercised,
      cancelled and outstanding options) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such further grant
      representing in aggregate over 1% of the shares in issue, such further grant must be separately approved by
      shareholders of the Company in general meeting with such participant and his/her close associates abstaining
      from voting.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   121
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      25. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)
            Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or any of their
            respective associates must be approval by the independent non-executive directors of the Company (excluding
            any independent non-executive director who is the grantee). Where any share options granted to a substantial
            shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the Company, or any of their respective close
            associates would result in the total number of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of all options
            already granted and to be granted (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) under the Scheme
            and any other share option schemes of the Company to such person in any 12-month period up to and including
            the date of such grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue and having
            an aggregate value in excess of HK$5 million must be approved by the Company’s shareholders at the general
            meeting of the Company, with voting to be taken by way of poll.

            The offer of a grant of share options might be accepted in writing within 7 days from the date of the offer. An
            option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Scheme at any time during a period as the
            directors may determine which shall not exceed ten years from the date of grant subject to the provisions of
            early termination thereof. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable on acceptance of the grant of an option
            with a remittance in favour of the Company within such time as may be specified in the offer (which shall not
            be later than 7 days from the date of the offer).

            The subscription price shall be a price solely determined by the board of directors of the Company and notified
            to a participant and shall be at least the highest of: (i) the closing price of the Company’s shares as stated in the
            Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the offer date; (ii) the average closing prices of the Company’s
            shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the 5 business days immediately
            preceding the date; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company’s share on the offer date.

            The Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of ten years commencing on 13 March 2018, subject to
            early termination provisions contained in the Scheme.

            No share options were granted since the adoption of the Scheme and there were no share option outstanding
            as at 31 December 2020 and 31 March 2020.




122   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



26. LEASE LIABILITIES

                                                                                 31 December             31 March
                                                                                        2020                 2020
                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000


      Lease liabilities payable:

      Within one year                                                                    1,765                 450
      Within a period of more than one year but not exceeding two years                  1,558                 168
      Within a period of more than two years but not exceeding five years                3,978                   –
      Within a period more than five years                                               1,019                   –


                                                                                         8,320                 618

      Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown under
         current liabilities                                                             (1,765)              (450)


      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under non-current
       liabilities                                                                       6,555                 168

      Lease obligations that are denominated in currency other than the functional currency of the relevant group
      entities are set out below:

                                                                                 31 December             31 March
                                                                                        2020                 2020
                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000


      RMB                                                                                8,053                  15


27. LIABILITIES FOR LONG SERVICE PAYMENTS
      Under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance, the Group is obligated to make lump sum payments on
      cessation of employment in certain circumstances to certain employees who have completed at least five
      years of service with the Group. The amount payable is dependent on the employees’ final salary and years of
      service and is reduced by entitlements accrued under the Group’s retirement plan that are attributable to
      contributions made by the Group. The Group does not set aside any assets to fund any remaining obligations.
      The long service payments are paid out from the Group’s cash at banks when such payments are required.

                                                                                                            Total
                                                                                                          HK$’000


      At 1 April 2019                                                                                          753
      Charged to profit or loss                                                                                123


      At 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                                                                        876
      Credited to profit or loss                                                                                (56)


      At 31 December 2020                                                                                      820




                                                                                                   Annual Report 2020   123
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      28. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES
            For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
            and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
            purposes:

                                                                                             31 December            31 March
                                                                                                    2020                2020
                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000


            Deferred tax liabilities                                                                  6,348             2,602

            The components of deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated statements of financial position and
            the movements during the current period and prior year are as follows:

                                                                              Accelerated            Land
                                                                   ECL                tax     appreciation
                                                              provision      depreciation              tax             Total
                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000


            At 1 April 2019                                            (8)           1,037                 –            1,029
            (Credited)/charged to profit or loss
              (Note 10)                                                (7)               9            1,613             1,615
            Exchange realignment                                        –                –              (42)               (42)


            At 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                         (15)           1,046            1,571             2,602
            Charged to profit or loss (Note 10)                         2              990            2,492             3,484
            Exchange realignment                                        –                –              262               262


            At 31 December 2020                                      (13)            2,036            4,325             6,348

            Under the EIT Law of the PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by
            the PRC subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation has not been provided for in the
            consolidated financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to profits earned by the PRC
            subsidiaries amounting to approximately HK$50,458,000 as at 31 December 2020 (31 March 2020:
            approximately HK$3,653,000) as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary
            differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

            At the end of the reporting period, the Group has estimated unused tax losses of approximately HK$84,154,000
            (31 March 2020: approximately HK$39,768,000) available for offsetting against future profits. No deferred tax
            asset has been recognised in respect of these estimated unused tax losses due to unpredictability of future
            profit streams. The losses may be carried forward indefinitely.




124   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



29. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                                           31 December                31 March
                                                                                                                  2020                    2020
                                                                                                               HK$’000                 HK$’000


      Trade payables                                                                                              149,343               16,303
      Accruals and other payables                                                                                  25,952               13,163


                                                                                                                  175,295               29,466

      Notes:


      (a)      Payment terms granted by suppliers are generally 7 to 90 days from the invoice date of the relevant purchases.


               The aging analysis of trade payables based on the invoice date is as follows:


                                                                                                               31 December              31 March
                                                                                                                        2020                2020
                                                                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000


               0–30 days                                                                                              56,750              11,860
               31–60 days                                                                                             15,795               1,884
               61–90 days                                                                                             68,125                 879
               Over 90 days                                                                                            8,673               1,680


                                                                                                                     149,343              16,303


      (b)      Included in the Group’s other payables are amounts due to related parties of approximately HK$3,986,000 as at 31 December 2020 (31
               March 2020: HK$63,000), which are non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.


30. AMOUNTS DUE TO RELATED COMPANIES
      The amounts due to related companies are unsecured, non-interest bearing and has no fixed terms of
      repayment.




                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2020   125
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      31. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
            (a)    Reconciliation of profit/(loss) before income tax to net cash generated from/(used in)
                   operations

                                                                                        Nine months         Year
                                                                                              ended        ended
                                                                                        31 December     31 March
                                                                                               2020         2020
                                                                                            HK$’000      HK$’000


                   Profit/(loss) before income tax                                             3,877     (10,549)
                   Adjustments for:
                   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                               2,676       2,675
                   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           797         299
                   Interest income                                                              (170)       (274)
                   Provision for/(reversal of) impairment losses on trade receivables            759          (18)
                   Provision for impairment losses on contract assets                            497           22
                   Provision for impairment losses on other receivables and deposits             252           37
                   Gain on fair value changes of investment properties                       (35,703)     (5,375)
                   Net gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment                          –        (120)
                   Covid-19-related rent concessions                                             (96)           –
                   (Reversal of)/provision for long service payments                             (56)        123
                   Finance costs                                                                  76           18


                   Operating loss before working capital changes                             (27,091)    (13,162)
                   Increase in properties under development for sale                          (9,056)           –
                   Increase in contract assets                                              (100,386)      (1,227)
                   (Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                         (9,463)       8,597
                   Increase in contract liabilities                                           62,645            –
                   Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                           131,368         (215)


                   Net cash generated from/(used in) operations                              48,017       (6,007)




126   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



31. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)
      (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

                                                           Amounts due
                                                              to related         Lease
                                                             companies       liabilities            Total
                                                                HK$’000        HK$’000            HK$’000


             As at 1 April 2019                                         –            –                   –
             Finance costs                                              –           18                  18
             Financing cash flow                                  81,691          (309)            81,382
             Acquisitions of subsidiaries                              10           15                  25
             New leases entered                                         –          894                 894
             Exchange adjustments                                  (1,982)           –              (1,982)


             As at 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020                 79,719           618              80,337
             Finance costs                                              –            76                  76
             Financing cash flow                                 (30,437)         (585)            (31,022)
             Acquisitions of subsidiaries                          (5,105)            –             (5,105)
             New leases entered                                         –        7,886               7,886
             Covid-19-related rent concessions                          –           (96)                (96)
             Exchange adjustments                                   4,910          421               5,331


             As at 31 December 2020                               49,087         8,320             57,407




                                                                                           Annual Report 2020   127
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
            Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control, jointly control or exert significant influence over
            the other party in making financial or operational decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
            subject to common control or joint control. Related parties may be individuals or other entities.

            Save as disclosed in Notes 21, 22, 29 and 30 to this report, the Group had the following significant related party
            transactions during the period/year:

            (a)    Transactions with related party

                                                                                                                         Nine months          Year
                                                                                                                               ended         ended
                                                                                                                         31 December      31 March
                   Name of related party                                Nature of transaction                                   2020          2020
                                                                                                                             HK$’000       HK$’000

                   Anhui Zhong Zhi Huan Intelligent Logistics Revenue received from logistics and
                     Co., Ltd.* （安徽中之環智慧物流有限公司） services and information technology
                     (Note (i))                                 development                                                          –        2,011

                   Shenzhen Qianhai Fu Xin Tai Factoring                Revenue received from logistics and
                     Co., Ltd.* （深圳市前海福鑫泰保理                               services and information technology
                     有限公司）(Note (i))                                      development                                                –          635

                   Top Wealthy Limited (Notes (ii) and (iii))           Rental expense from short-term leases                        –          599
                                                                        Management fee                                               –          135

                   Grand Faith International Investment Limited Rental expense from short-term leases                             786           400
                     (Notes (i) and (ii))                       Management fee                                                      3             2

                   Linquan Zhongzhihuan Property                        Revenue from foundation works and
                     Development Limited*                                 superstructure building works
                     （臨泉中之環置業有限公司）(Note (i))                                                                                    26,471             –

                   *        English translation of the name of a Chinese company is provided for identification purpose only.

                   Notes:

                   (i)      The companies were controlled by Mr. Yu..

                   (ii)     The management fee and rental expenses for short-term leases payable to the above related parties are based on the
                            agreements entered into between the parties involved.

                   (iii)    Top Wealthy Limited is owned by Ms. KY Tsui, Ms. May Ng and Ms. Tang Shuk Ngar, Elli (the spouse of Mr. Benjamin Ng) as to
                            62.5%, 12.5% and 25% respectively.


            (b) As disclosed in Note 34, the Group acquired equity interests in Anhui Zhong Gang (year ended 31 March
                   2020: Shanghai Zhonggao and Hefei Guangyixin) from company controlled by the ultimate controlling
                   shareholder of the Company during the nine months ended 31 December 2020.

            (c)    The emoluments of the directors and senior executives (representing the key management personnel)
                   during the current period and prior year are disclosed in Note 9.




128   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



33. SURETY BONDS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
      Certain customers of construction contracts undertaken by the Group require the Group to issue guarantees for
      the performance of contract works in the form of surety bonds of approximately HK$25,489,000 (31 March
      2020: approximately HK$41,998,000) as at 31 December 2020. Mr. Ng Wong Kwong, Ms. May Ng and Wise
      Trend Engineering have unconditionally and irrevocably agreed to indemnify to the insurance companies that
      issue such surety bonds for claims and losses the insurance companies may incur in respect of the bonds. The
      surety bonds will be released when the contracts are completed or substantially completed pursuant to the
      relevant contract.

      As at 31 December 2020, the Group paid a cash collateral of approximately HK$8,300,000 (31 March 2020:
      approximately HK$13,330,000) to the insurance companies for the issuance of surety bonds and are included in
      other receivables, deposits and prepayments (Note 22).

      The Group, in the ordinary course of its business, is involved in various claims, suits, investigations, and legal
      proceedings that arise from time to time. Although the Group does not expect that the outcome in any of these
      legal proceedings, individually or collectively, will have a material adverse effect on its financial position or
      results of operations, litigation is inherently unpredictable. Therefore, the Group could incur judgements or
      enter into settlements of claims that could adversely affect its operating results or cash flows in a particular
      period.

34. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES
      (a)    Acquisition of Anhui Zhong Gang
             In November 2020, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Hefei Zhongheng
             Property Co. Ltd.* （合肥中恒置業有限公司） to acquire 100% of the issued share capital of Anhui Zhong
             Gang for consideration of RMB3,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$3,469,000). Anhui Zhong Gang
             is principally engaged in provision of property management services, among others, parking services,
             landscaping, greening, real estate agency services, housekeeping services, water and electricity supplies
             installation and maintenance, decoration, flower leasing and ticketing agency service in the PRC.

             Consideration transferred

                                                                                                              HK$’000


             Cash                                                                                                3,469

             Acquisition-related costs amounting to approximately HK$110,000 have been excluded from the
             consideration transferred and have been recognised as an expense in the current period, within the
             “administrative and other operating expenses” line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
             and other comprehensive income.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   129
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      34. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
            (a)    Acquisition of Anhui Zhong Gang (Continued)
                   Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                   Non-current assets
                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                        222

                   Current assets
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                        15,316
                   Amount due from related company                                                                     5,105
                   Cash and bank balances                                                                              1,069

                   Current liabilities
                   Trade and other payables                                                                           (7,950)
                   Contract liabilities                                                                              (10,471)


                   Net assets                                                                                          3,291


                   The fair value of trade and other receivable at the date of acquisition amounted to approximately
                   HK$15,316,000. The gross contractual amounts of those trade and other receivables acquired amounted
                   to approximately HK$19,022,000 at the date of acquisition.

                   Goodwill arising on acquisition

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                   Consideration transferred                                                                           3,469
                   Less: fair value of net assets acquired-shown as above                                             (3,291)


                   Goodwill arising on acquisition (Note 17)                                                            178

                   Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Anhui Zhong Gang because it enables the Group to diversify the
                   business in a realm with potential growth opportunity and the Group considers that the investment in
                   Anhui Zhong Gang will provide another source of income to the Group. This represents an opportunity for
                   the Group to invest into a business of property management so as to diversify its business portfolio.
                   These benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition
                   criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

                   None of the goodwill arising on this acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.




130   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



34. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)    Acquisition of Anhui Zhong Gang (Continued)
             Net cash outflow on acquisition of Anhui Zhong Gang

                                                                                                             HK$’000


             Consideration paid in cash                                                                         3,469
             Less: cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                          (1,069)


             Net cash outflow                                                                                   2,400

             Included in the loss for the period was loss of approximately HK$2,388,000 attributable to the additional
             business generated by Anhui Zhong Gang. Revenue for the period includes approximately HK$5,867,000
             generated from Anhui Zhong Gang.

             Had the acquisition been completed on 1 April 2020, revenue for the period of the Group would have
             been approximately HK$27,009,000 and loss for the nine months ended 31 December 2020 of the Group
             would have been approximately HK$6,337,000. The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only
             and is not necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would
             have been achieved had the acquisition been completed on 1 April 2020, nor is it intended to be a
             projection of future results.

      (b) Acquisition of Shanghai Zhonggao
             In January 2020, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Anhui Central Holding
             Group Co., Ltd *(（安徽中環控股集團有限公司） (“Anhui Central”) to acquire 100% of the issued share
             capital of Shanghai Zhonggao for consideration of RMB557,000 (equivalent to approximately
             HK$624,000.) Shanghai Zhonggao is principally engaged in provision of logistics services and information
             technology development.

             Consideration transferred

                                                                                                             HK$’000


             Cash                                                                                                 624




                                                                                                      Annual Report 2020   131
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      34. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
            (b) Acquisition of Shanghai Zhonggao (Continued)
                   Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                   Non-current assets
                   Property, plant and equipment                                                                        292
                   Right-of-use assets                                                                                    9

                   Current assets
                   Trade and other receivables                                                                         1,079
                   Bank balances                                                                                          23

                   Current liabilities
                   Trade and other payables                                                                           (1,146)

                   Non-current liabilities
                   Lease liabilities                                                                                     (15)


                   Net assets                                                                                           242

                   The fair value of trade and other receivable at the date of acquisition amounted to approximately
                   HK$1,079,000. The gross contractual amounts of those trade and other receivables acquired amounted to
                   approximately HK$1,079,000 at the date of acquisition.

                   Goodwill arising on acquisition

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                   Consideration transferred                                                                             624
                   Less: fair value of net assets acquired — shown as above                                             (242)


                   Goodwill arising on acquisition (Note 17)                                                            382

                   Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Shanghai Zhonggao because it enables the Group to diversify the
                   business in a realm with potential growth opportunity and the Group considers that the investment in
                   Shanghai Zhonggao will provide another source of income to the Group. This represents an opportunity
                   for the Group to invest into a business of logistics services and information technology development so
                   as to diversify its business portfolio. These benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because
                   they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

                   None of the goodwill arising on this acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.




132   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



34. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (b) Acquisition of Shanghai Zhonggao (Continued)
             Net cash outflow on acquisition of a Shanghai Zhonggao

                                                                                                              HK$’000


             Consideration paid in cash                                                                            624
             Less: cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                              (23)


             Net cash outflow                                                                                      601

             Included in the loss for the year was profit of approximately HK$1,295,000 attributable to the additional
             business generated by Shanghai Zhonggao. Revenue for the year includes approximately HK$2,646,000
             generated from Shanghai Zhonggao.

             Had the acquisition been completed on 1 April 2019, revenue for the year of the Group would have been
             approximately HK$180,447,000, and loss for the year of the Group would have been approximately
             HK$12,693,000. The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an
             indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had
             the acquisition been completed on 1 April 2019, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

      (c)    Acquisition of Hefei Guangyixin
             In December 2019, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Anhui Central to acquire
             100% of the issued share capital of Hefei Guangyixin for nil consideration. Hefei Guangyixin is principally
             engaged in trading of commodities.

             Consideration transferred

                                                                                                              HK$’000


             Cash                                                                                                     –

             Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                              HK$’000


             Current assets
             Trade and other receivables                                                                         1,280
             Bank balances                                                                                          16

             Current liabilities
             Trade and other payables                                                                           (1,794)
             Amounts due to related companies                                                                       (10)


             Net liabilities                                                                                      (508)

             The fair value of trade and other receivable at the date of acquisition amounted to approximately
             HK$1,280,000. The gross contractual amounts of those trade and other receivables acquired amounted to
             approximately HK$1,280,000 at the date of acquisition.




                                                                                                       Annual Report 2020   133
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      34. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
            (c)    Acquisition of Hefei Guangyixin (Continued)
                   Goodwill arising on acquisition

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                   Consideration transferred                                                                              –
                   Add: fair value of net liabilities acquired-shown as above                                           508


                   Goodwill arising on acquisition (Note 17)                                                            508

                   Goodwill arose in the acquisition of Hefei Guangyixin because the consideration paid for the combination
                   effectively included amounts in relation to the benefit of expected synergies, revenue growth, future
                   market development and the assembled workforce of Hefei Guangyixin. These benefits are not
                   recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable
                   intangible assets.

                   None of the goodwill arising on this acquisition is expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

                   Net cash inflow on acquisition of Hefei Guangyixin

                                                                                                                     HK$’000


                   Consideration paid in cash                                                                              –
                   Less: cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                              (16)


                   Net cash inflow                                                                                       (16)

                   Included in the loss for the year was loss of approximately HK$168,000 attributable to the additional
                   business generated by Hefei Guangyixin. Hefei Guangyixin had not contributed to the Group’s revenue
                   between the date of acquisition and 31 March 2020.

                   Had the acquisition been completed on 1 April 2019, revenue for the year of the Group would have been
                   approximately HK$180,447,000, and loss for the year of the Group would have been approximately
                   HK$13,210,000. The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily an
                   indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been achieved had
                   the acquisition been completed on 1 April 2019, nor is it intended to be a projection of future results.

            (d) Acquisition of Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction
                   In November 2019, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with a third party, pursuant to
                   which the Group acquired the entire equity interest of Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction at a cash
                   consideration of RMB2,520,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$2,805,000).

                   Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction was incorporated in the PRC and owns a construction licence in the
                   PRC. Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction did not operate any business at the date of completion of
                   acquisition and there were no assets and liabilities other than the construction licence. The acquisition
                   was accounted for acquisition of asset and the consideration was allocated to intangible asset (i.e.
                   licence) accordingly.




134   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



34. ACQUISITIONS OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (d) Acquisition of Anhui Zhongzhihuan Construction (Continued)
             Consideration transferred

                                                                                                                               HK$’000


             Cash                                                                                                                 2,805

             Assets acquired and liabilities recognised at the date of acquisition

                                                                                                                               HK$’000


             Non-current assets
             Intangible asset                                                                                                     2,805


             Net assets                                                                                                           2,805

             Net cash outflow on acquisition of asset through acquisition of a subsidiary

                                                                                                                               HK$’000


             Consideration paid in cash                                                                                           2,805
             Less: cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                                 –


             Net cash outflow                                                                                                     2,805

             *      English translation of the name of a Chinese company is provided for identification purpose only.




                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2020   135
      Notes to the Consolidated
      Financial Statements
      For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



      35. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
          COMPANY
            (a)    Statement of financial position

                                                                                        31 December          31 March
                                                                                               2020              2020
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


                   ASSETS
                   Non-current assets
                   Investment in subsidiaries                                                  50,124              800

                   Current assets
                   Other receivables                                                               10              465
                   Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                1,095           49,324
                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                    1,018            9,448

                                                                                                2,123           59,237

                   Total assets                                                                52,247           60,037


                   EQUITY
                   Capital and reserves
                   Share capital                                                                2,640            2,640
                   Reserves                                                                    43,800           54,030

                   Total equity                                                                46,440           56,670

                   LIABILITIES
                   Current liabilities
                   Other payables                                                               4,661            2,567
                   Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                  1,146              800

                   Total liabilities                                                            5,807            3,367

                   Total equity and liabilities                                                52,247           60,037


                   Net current (liabilities)/assets                                            (3,684)          55,870


                   Total assets less current liabilities                                       46,440           56,670

                   The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 26 March
                   2021 and signed on its behalf by:




                                       Mr. Yu Zhuyun                                  Mr. Li Menglin
                                           Director                                      Director




136   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements
For the nine months ended 31 December 2020



35. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE
    COMPANY (Continued)
      (b) Reserve movement

                                                                    Share   Accumulated
                                                                 premium         losses              Total
                                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000            HK$’000


             Balance at 1 April 2019                               88,276        (24,214)            64,062
             Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year          –        (10,032)           (10,032)


             Balance at 31 March 2020 and 1 April 2020             88,276        (34,246)           54,030
             Loss and total comprehensive expense
               for the period                                           –        (10,230)           (10,230)


             Balance at 31 December 2020                           88,276        (44,476)           43,800




                                                                                            Annual Report 2020   137
      Financial Summary


      The financial summary of the Group for the current period and last four years is set as follows:

      RESULTS

                                                                   For the                 For the year ended 31 March
                                                              nine months
                                                                    ended
                                                              31 December
                                                                     2020       2020             2019           2018           2017
                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000

      Revenue                                                      373,527     180,447          199,228        215,692        184,363
      Direct costs                                                (368,301)   (173,320)        (191,260)      (165,019)      (135,106)

      Gross profit                                                   5,226       7,127            7,968           50,673      49,257

      Other income and net gains                                     3,207       4,347            1,512               138           –
      Gain on fair value changes of investment properties           35,703       5,375                –                 –           –
      Selling expenses                                              (3,857)          –                –                 –           –
      Administrative and other operating expenses                  (36,326)    (27,381)         (18,852)          (33,729)    (16,774)
      Finance costs                                                    (76)        (18)               –                 –          (3)

      Profit/(loss) before income tax                                3,877     (10,550)          (9,372)          17,082      32,480
      Income tax expense                                            (4,529)     (2,137)          (1,442)           (6,354)     (5,524)

      (Loss)/profit for the period/year                               (652)    (12,687)         (10,814)          10,728      26,956
      Other comprehensive income/(expense)                           2,395          (98)             36               (36)         –

      Total comprehensive income/(expense) for the
        period/year attributable to owners of the Company            1,743     (12,785)         (10,778)          10,692      26,956

      (Loss)/profit attributables to:
        Owners of the Company                                         (749)    (12,687)         (10,814)          10,728      26,956
        Non-controlling interests                                       97           –                –                –           –

      (Loss)/profit for the period/year                               (652)    (12,687)         (10,814)          10,728      26,956

      Total comprehensive income/(expense) attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                        1,641     (12,785)         (10,778)          10,692      26,956
        Non-controlling interests                                      102           –                –                –           –

      Total comprehensive income/(expense)                           1,743     (12,785)         (10,778)          10,692      26,956

                                                                     As at                       As at 31 March
                                                              31 December
                                                                     2020       2020             2019           2018           2017
                                                                  HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000

      Non-current assets                                           112,533     43,206           13,523           4,484         2,368
      Current assets                                               367,954    231,208          188,564         221,047       136,079
      Non-current liabilities                                       13,723      3,646            1,782             577           677
      Current liabilities                                          304,307    110,054           26,806          37,801        52,225

      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                 162,355    160,714          173,499         187,153        85,545
      Non-controlling interests                                        102          –                –               –             –

      Total equity                                                 162,457    160,714          173,499         187,153        85,545

138   Central Holding Group Co. Ltd.
