Tel:        (8610) 5765 0696




                                                                    Interim Report 2024
Fax:        (8610) 5765 0695
Email:      ir@travelsky.com.cn   (Contact details for investors)

Address:    TravelSky High-Tech Industrial Park, Houshayu Town,
            Shunyi District, Beijing, PRC
Postal Code: 101318
Website:    www.travelskyir.com
CONTENTS


Business Review for the First Half of 2024                     2

Management Discussion and Analysis of
  Financial Condition and Results of Operations                6

Prospects for the Second Half of 2024                         15

Other Information                                             16

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                  25

Statement of Financial Position of the Parent Company         29

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other
  Comprehensive Income                                        33

Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
  of the Parent Company                                       36

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                          38

Statement of Cash Flows of the Parent Company                 41

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity     43

Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
  of the Parent Company                                       45

Notes to the Financial Statements for the six months ended
  June 30, 2024                                               47

Corporate Information                                        217
TravelSky Technology Limited




BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2024

The board of directors (the “Board”) of TravelSky Technology Limited (the “Company”) hereby presents the
unaudited interim report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the six months ended June 30,
2024.


BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2024
In the first half of 2024, as the global economy has recovered moderately, coupled with the generally stable
and improving economy in China, the civil aviation market has achieved steady and relatively rapid growth.
The scale of domestic air passenger traffic surpassed the level of the same period in 2019, while the scale
of international air passenger traffic recovered to 80% of the level of the same period in 2019. As the
dominant provider of information technology solutions for China’s aviation and travel industry, the Group
grasped the opportunities presented by industry recovery. The safety foundation continued to be
strengthened, while production and operation progressed steadily. Scientific and technological innovation has
been accelerated, as enterprise reform has been deepened with gradual improvement on management
efficiency. Certain progress has been made in the main business sectors including aviation information
technology services, accounting, settlement and clearing services, distribution of information technology
services, airport information technology services, and other information technology services.

In the first half of 2024, the Group’s system processing capacity of the electronic travel distribution (“ETD”)
system (including inventory control system (“ICS”) services and computer reservation system (“CRS”) services)
on domestic and overseas airlines was approximately 352.0 million passengers, representing an increase of
approximately 24.0% over the same period in 2023. Among them, the system processing capacity on airlines
in China increased by approximately 24.0% year-on-year; the system processing capacity on foreign and
regional airlines increased by approximately 26.9% year-on-year. The number of foreign and regional
commercial airlines using the Group’s airport passenger processing system (“APP”) services, multi-host
connecting program services and self-developed Angel Cue platform connecting services increased to 204,
with approximately 5.06 million departure passengers processed in 48 airports. The number of foreign and
regional commercial airlines with direct links to the CRS system of the Group remained at 142, and the
percentage of sales through direct links reached approximately 99.9%.

In the first half of 2024, responding to the new changes and demands in the market, the Group promoted the
optimization of the layout of its product system and provided comprehensive, intelligent and innovative
solutions for aviation digital products. As a strategic partner of the “Fast Travel” project of the International
Air Transport Association (the “IATA”), the commonly used self-service check-in system (CUSS) independently
developed by the Group pursuant to IATA standards was used in 235 major domestic and overseas airports,
and the online check-in service was applied to 335 domestic and overseas airports. Such products, together
with the mobile check-in products and SMS check-in products, processed a total of approximately 221
million departure passengers. Airline Total Operation Management System (ATOMS) continued to carry out
the upgrade and promotion of its core capabilities, signed customers reaching 4 airlines, helped the airlines
realize the digital management and control of operation and security, and enhanced the efficiency and safety
level of ground security. Airline Data Aggregation (ADA), a platform product that provides airlines with data
integration services, has deployed for 19 airlines including Hainan Airlines, Xiamen Airlines and Sichuan
Airlines, offering a comprehensive support for the digital transformation of airlines and empowering airline
service governance.




2
                                                                                             Interim Report 2024



                                                             BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2024




In the first half of 2024, the Group consolidated and expanded the new market of the accounting, settlement
and clearing services. Focusing on the application of new technologies, the third-generation passenger
transportation revenue management platform that complies with the development trend of New Distribution
Capabilities (NDC) and ONE ORDER has been accelerated, promoted and put into operation for airlines such
as Shandong Airlines, Shenzhen Airlines and Colorful Guizhou Airlines. The Group accelerated the
development of overseas low-cost airlines in the field of passenger transportation settlement. The first phase
of the low-cost airline settlement system project has been completed and put into operation in the first
customer, Scoot of Singapore. The market share of travel business account products in China’s travel
business payment market has continually increased, and the Group successfully signed contracts with China
Telecom, CETC, etc., and put the products into operation. In the first half of 2024, there were approximately
606.1 million transactions processed with the Group’s accounting, settlement and clearing system,
representing a year-on-year increase of 36.0%. The amount of agency settlement for passengers, cargo and
mail transport, miscellaneous fees, and international and domestic clearing fees exceeded RMB29.67 billion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 66.6%.

In the first half of 2024, the Group continued to expand the distribution information technology services
market, optimize business policies, and enhance distribution capabilities. The AggSky (天驛平台), tailored for
foreign and regional airlines, has been implemented for clients including Cathay Pacific and Emirates. The
Group strengthened overseas market expansion, increased market coverage in countries along the Belt and
Road, with 27 out of a total of 30 completed certified Billing and Settlement Plan (“BSP”) for overseas
markets successfully put into production. The Group accelerated the digital transformation of the entire
process and industry chain of the distribution business, fully completing the implementation of electronic
itineraries for sales agents and key enterprises. Additionally, the Group enriched the content of salable
ancillary products by launching 6 new ancillary products such as airport lounges, fast security checks, and
luggage delivery with a number of partner airlines, including Xiamen Air, Hebei Airlines, Jiangxi Air, and
others.

In the first half of 2024, the Group, as a smart airport comprehensive solution provider, closely aligned with
the “14th Five-Year Plan” for high-quality development in civil aviation and actively participated in the
construction of smart airports. The Group signed contracts for projects such as Xi’an Airport T5 Terminal and
Lanzhou Airport Phase III, providing information-based, digital, and intelligent solutions. In respect of smart
airport products, the Civil Aviation Transfer Passenger Platform has been deployed at 252 airports. The
Transit Passenger Service Link mini-program was launched at 58 airports, aiming to achieve comprehensive
connectivity within the aviation network and piloting the aviation + tourism model to expand service scope.
The Airport Collaborative Decision-Making (A-CDM) system products won bids for Qiqihar and Nanchong
airports, while the national common passenger service platform won bids for Hefei, Qiqihar, and Bayinbuluke
airports. Additionally, the smart airport middle platform products won bids for Haikou, Zhuhai and other
airports, and was deployed at Haikou Airport. In respect of airport front-end systems, the departure
front-end system of the APP dominates domestic large and medium-sized airports and assists airlines at 165
overseas or regional airports in providing services such as boarding, transiting, and connecting flights for
passengers. The number of departing passengers receiving such services reached approximately 19.47
million, accounting for about 95.9% of the number of passengers returning from overseas of such airlines in
China.




                                                                                                              3
TravelSky Technology Limited



BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2024




In the first half of 2024, the Group seized new opportunities arising from the development of Digital China,
promoting further integration between the digital economy and the real economy. In public information
technology services, the Group leveraged the value of data elements to continuously expand business and
enrich application scenarios in fields such as public safety, smart marketing, and finance-related areas,
serving a total of 42 clients in aggregate. The Group deepened its focus on data center infrastructure
services, winning the bids for projects of China National Aviation Fuel Group Limited and China National
Biotech Group Company Limited. The Group actively developed comprehensive lifecycle service solutions for
data center infrastructure, expanded cross-industry data center value-added services, and signed new
contracts such as the unified maintenance project with Nam Kwong (Group) Company Limited. In response to
the Civil Aviation Administration of China’s “link main routes and branch routes and connect the whole
network” initiative, the Group promoted check-in and departure services at airports and signed a contract
with Huma Civil Airport in Heilongjiang. In aviation cargo logistics information technology services, the
Group strengthened the deployment and upgrading of products such as cargo station production systems,
cargo security inspection systems, and cargo ground operation service systems. It signed contracts with 5
new clients and won the bid for and launched the Hubei Ezhou Airport cargo system project. In exploring
innovative business scenarios, the Group’s blockchain-based “Asset Traceability Management System”
supports clients in the full lifecycle and refined management of operational assets, winning a bid for
Shenzhen Airlines. The “Digital Payment Pass” service platform, based on digital currency services, won the
contracts with 7 airports, providing digital RMB marketing services across multiple scenarios. The
“Reconciliation Pass” product offers a data-sharing and operation-coordinating reconciliation platform to
multiple entities within the civil aviation industry, signing contracts with 2 pilot airports, thus aiding in
financial operations and integrated management of finance and business for airports.

In the first half of 2024, as the “central nervous system” of China’s civil aviation, the Group actively fulfilled
its social responsibilities by comprehensively strengthening the stability of core systems, intelligent operation
and maintenance, and security capabilities. On one hand, the Group ensured the smooth operation of the
mainframe system and major open platform systems, achieving a utilization rate of over 99.99%. We
successfully guaranteed the safe operation of civil aviation passenger information system during the Spring
Festival travel rush, the two Conferences (i.e. the National People’s Congress and the Chinese People’s
Political Consultative Conference), the Boao Forum, and the China-Russia Expo. On the other hand, the Group
steadily improved its technical capabilities by advancing the resource independence and multi-path
deployment of open departure software, enhancing the departure software from dual-active to triple-active
clusters, which further increased availability. The Group also actively explored the validation and application
of intelligent operation and maintenance tools, completing the testing and validation of intelligent network
analyzers and the intelligent operation and maintenance platform for digital map networks, contributing to
the enhancement of network intelligence levels. Additionally, the Group completed the construction of
disaster recovery IT infrastructure and established a sound data governance system to realize all-round and
full coverage of travelers’ data security management and conducted multiple rounds of disaster recovery
system switch-over drills, gradually strengthening both availability and security.




4
                                                                                                Interim Report 2024



                                                               BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2024




In the first half of 2024, the Group steadfastly implemented its innovation-driven development strategy,
accelerating efforts to tackle critical core technologies and continuously enhancing its technological
innovation capabilities. The Group accelerated its deployment in strategic emerging industries, increasing
efforts in areas such as critical civil aviation software and artificial intelligence. The Group actively developed
key projects including the development of airline operation control systems, air cargo systems, civil aviation
vertical large models, and intelligent connected vehicles for airports. The Group made significant strides in
building new productivity capabilities and accelerated the deployment of the construction as an original
technology source. The Group officially joined several central enterprise innovation alliances in cloud
computing, advanced computing, and computing power networks, and deeply participated in the construction
and technical planning of the next-generation internet innovation alliance. The Group significantly improved
its level of autonomy and control, completing the milestone construction target of core system’s
de-mainframe and cloudification projects. Continuous achievements in technological innovation were made,
the Group continuously promoted the construction of “national-provincial-corporate” science and innovation
platforms, facilitating the integration of industry, academia and research, and the transformation of scientific
and technological achievements. The Group won 12 technology awards at various levels and obtained 92
patent authorizations (including 87 invention patents). The Group was recognized as a key software enterprise
for 18th consecutive year and, for the first time, received a U.S. invention patent, marking a breakthrough in
overseas patents. The Group actively promoted green and low-carbon development. Its “Intelligent
Comprehensive Energy Consumption Management Platform and Comprehensive Renovation Technology” for
data centers was included in the “National Energy-Saving and Carbon-Reduction Technology Equipment
Recommended Catalogue (2024 Edition)”.




                                                                                                                 5
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2024
Summary
The management’s discussion and analysis on the financial conditions and results of operations of the Group
are as follows:

For the first half of 2024, the Group achieved total profits of RMB1,605.7 million, representing an increase of
approximately 19.2% compared to RMB1,346.9 million in the first half of 2023. Net profit attributable to
shareholders of the parent of the Company was RMB1,367.2 million, representing an increase of
approximately 13.9% compared to RMB1,200.4 million in the first half of 2023.

The revenue and operating results of the Group mainly came from the Group’s operations in China. The
earnings per share of the Group were RMB0.47 for the first half of 2024.

Total Revenue
The total revenue of the Group in the first half of 2024 amounted to RMB4,041.8 million, representing an
increase of RMB734.2 million, or 22.2%, from RMB3,307.6 million in the first half of 2023. The increase in
total revenue is reflected as follows:

•     Aviation information technology service revenue represented 56.0% of the Group’s total revenue in the
      first half of 2024, as compared to 57.1% in the first half of 2023. Aviation information technology service
      revenue increased by 19.8% from RMB1,890.1 million in the first half of 2023 to RMB2,265.0 million in
      the first half of 2024. The main sources of the revenue were ICS, CRS and APP provided by the Group
      to commercial airlines, as well as extended information technology services related to the above core
      businesses. The increase in revenue was primarily due to the 24.0% year-on-year increase of total
      system capacity, but domestic airline international segment, foreign and regional airline capacity has
      not yet returned to the same level as the same period in 2019.

•     Accounting, settlement and clearing services revenue accounted for 6.9% of the Group’s total revenue in
      the first half of 2024, as compared to 5.6% in the first half of 2023. Accounting, settlement and clearing
      services revenue increased by 50.0% from RMB185.4 million in the first half of 2023 to RMB278.0
      million in the first half of 2024. The main sources of the revenue were accounting, settlement and
      clearing services provided by the Group to third parties including commercial airlines, airports,
      agencies and government bodies, etc. The increase in revenue was primarily due to the factors such as
      gradual recovery of clearing and settlement business volume, especially international business volume,
      and expansion of system and product service.

•     System integration service revenue accounted for 16.8% of the Group’s total revenue in the first half of
      2024, as compared to 9.7% in the first half of 2023. System integration service revenue increased by
      111.9% from RMB320.9 million in the first half of 2023 to RMB679.8 million in the first half of 2024. The
      main sources of the revenue were hardware integration, software integration and data and information
      integration services provided by the Group to airports, commercial airlines and other corporate clients.
      The increase in revenue was primarily due to the year-on-year increase in the scale and number of
      projects that met the completion and acceptance requirements as a result of the orderly progress of
      construction and acceptance.

6
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2024 (CONTINUED)
Total Revenue (Continued)
•    Data network revenue accounted for 5.4% of the Group’s total revenue in the first half of 2024, as
     compared to 6.1% in the first half of 2023. Data network revenue increased by 7.3% from RMB201.7
     million in the first half of 2023 to RMB216.4 million in the first half of 2024. The main source of the
     revenue was distribution information technology service provided by the Group to agencies. The
     increase in revenue was mainly due to the year-on-year increase in distribution information technology
     services business volume.

•    Other revenue accounted for 14.9% of the Group’s total revenue in the first half of 2024, as compared
     to 21.5% in the first half of 2023. Other revenue decreased by 15.1% from RMB709.5 million in the first
     half of 2023 to RMB602.5 million in the first half of 2024. The sources of the revenue were other
     technical services, payment business, machine room tenancy and other services provided by the Group.
     The decrease in revenue was mainly due to adjustments in business strategies, payment business
     revenue and costs decreased simultaneously in the first half of the year.

Total Operating Expenses
Total operating expenses in the first half of 2024 amounted to RMB2,535.3 million, representing an increase
of RMB357.1million or 16.4% as compared to RMB2,178.2 million in the first half of 2023. The changes in
total operating expenses are also reflected as follows:

•    Staff costs increased by 31.7%, mainly due to the year-on-year decrease in the capitalization of the
     Group’s research and development expenses, the increase in relevant expenses such as employee
     social security, and the optimization of the payment schedule of some salaries in the first and second
     half of the year;

•    Depreciation and amortisation increased by 14.1%, mainly due to the year-on-year increase in
     amortization of intangible assets carried forward by the Group’s independent research and
     development;

•    Selling costs of software and hardware increased by 142.1%, mainly due to the year-on-year increase in
     the scale and number of projects that met the completion and acceptance requirements as a result of
     the orderly progress of construction and acceptance, and the recognition of the cost of sales of
     software and hardware and corresponding system integration service revenue at the same time;

•    Technical support and maintenance fees increased by 8.5%, mainly due to the year-on-year increase in
     demand related to the Group’s research and development projects; and

•    Commission and promotion fees increased by 3.9%, mainly due to the impact of year-on-year growth in
     departure service guarantee fees and agent foreign airline booking rewards, and their corresponding
     progress of reconciliation confirmation.




                                                                                                           7
TravelSky Technology Limited



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2024 (CONTINUED)
Credit impairment losses
The credit impairment losses in the first half of 2024 amounted to RMB–65.7 million, mainly due to the
improvement in the collection of historical debts from third-party customers and the decrease by a certain
extent in the balance of provisions for accounts receivable and bad debt on a combined basis as compared
with the end of 2023.

Corporate Income Tax
Under the Corporate Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (“CIT Law”), in general, the applicable
income tax rate of enterprises in China is 25%. Pursuant to relevant requirements, enterprises recognized as
“High and New Technology Enterprises” are entitled to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15%
according to the CIT Law. The Company was approved and certified by relevant authorities as a “High and
New Technology Enterprise” since its establishment and was reviewed to renew the status of “High and New
Technology Enterprise” in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements. The latest review was
completed in November 2023 and the Company remained the status of “High and New Technology
Enterprise” and was confirmed to be entitled to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% from Year
2023 to Year 2025 as a “High and New Technology Enterprise”. Hence, the Company has calculated the
expenses on corporate income tax for the first half of 2024 using the preferential tax rate of 15%.

In addition to the recognised identification of “High and New Technology Enterprise” and entitlement of a
preferential income tax rate of 15%, if an enterprise is approved and certified by relevant regulatory
authorities as the “Key Software Enterprise”, it can further enjoy a preferential tax rate of 10%. According to
the relevant provisions, the difference between the tax amount paid at the rate of 15% and the tax amount
calculated at the preferential corporate income tax rate of 10% will be refunded to relevant enterprises after
the relevant period, and will be reflected in the profit or loss account of the enterprises when it is refunded.
The Company obtained the certificate for “Key Software Enterprise” from Year 2006 to Year 2023.

For details of the corporate income tax of the Group for the first half of 2024, please refer to Note 4 to the
financial statements.

Net Profit Attributable To Shareholders Of The Parent Of The Company
Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent of the Company increased from RMB1,200.4 million in
the first half of 2023 to RMB1,367.2 million in the first half of 2024, representing an increase of RMB166.8
million.




8
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2024 (CONTINUED)
Liquidity and Capital Structure
The Group’s working capital in the first half of 2024 mainly came from operating activities. Net cash inflow
from operating activities amounted to RMB1,287.4 million.

As at June 30, 2024, the Group had a total of RMB1,352.2 million of borrowings, including short-term bank
borrowing of RMB1,152.0 million and of RMB200.2 million entrusted loans, of which the fixed rate borrowings
totaled RMB200.2 million. The Group did not use any financial instruments for hedging purpose.

As at June 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB9,562.5 million, of which
97.85%, 1.83% and 0.16% were denominated in Renminbi, U.S. Dollar and HK Dollar, respectively.

Restricted Bank Deposits
As at June 30, 2024, restricted bank deposits in the amount of RMB47.1 million (as at December 31, 2023:
RMB91.0 million) mainly refer to the deposits placed at designated bank accounts as guarantee deposits to
secure, amongst others, the settlement of related business.

Trust Deposits and Irrecoverable Overdue Time Deposits
As at June 30, 2024, the Group did not have any trust deposits and irrecoverable overdue time deposits. All
cash deposits held by the Group are mainly deposited at commercial banks and complied with applicable
laws and regulations.

Foreign Exchange Risks
The Group’s foreign exchange risk arises from commercial transactions and assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies. Fluctuation of the exchange rates of Renminbi against foreign currencies
could affect the Group’s operational results.




                                                                                                           9
TravelSky Technology Limited



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2024 (CONTINUED)
Financial Assets Invested
With regard to capital management, based on the principles of prudence and soundness, the Group generally
chooses principal-protected wealth management products with interest rates higher than those of bank
deposits for the same period, so that the Group can maximize its capital gains.

In the first half of 2024, the Group had the following major financial assets:

(1)   Trading Financial Assets
      As at June 30, 2024, the Group held structural bank deposits (floating yield) issued by China
      Construction Bank, Bank of Beijing and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China of RMB1,100.0
      million, RMB1,100.0 million and RMB500.0 million, totaling RMB2,700.0 million. The annual interest rate
      of such structural bank deposits varied from 1.20% to 2.70% with 183 days and are non-cancellable
      before maturity.

(2)   Financial Assets at Amortised Cost
      As at June 30, 2024, the Group held certificates of deposit for more than three months issued by China
      Construction Bank, China Minsheng Bank, Bank of Communications and Ping An Bank of RMB500.0
      million, RMB70.0 million, RMB60.0 million and RMB20.0 million, totaling RMB650.0 million. The annual
      interest rate of such bank deposits varied from 2.00% to 3.55% with a term of 365 to 1,097 days, of
      which, RMB500.0 million in time deposits issued by China Construction Bank are non-cancellable
      before maturity.

(3)   Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income:


                                                    Percentage of Percentage of
                                                     shareholding Shareholding                   Fair value
                                                            as at         as at Fair value as         as at   Gain as of   Gain as of
                                   Business              June 30, December 31,    at June 30, December 31,     June 30, December 31,
       Name of investment          nature                   2024          2023           2024          2023        2024         2023
                                                               %             %       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
       Unlisted equity, measured   Life insurance          13.26          13.26       882,453       830,474      51,979        –5,354
          at fair value
          — CMRH Life




10
                                                                                              Interim Report 2024



           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2024 (CONTINUED)
Financial Assets Invested (Continued)
(3)   Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income: (Continued)
      The performance and prospects of the financial assets “CMRH Life” during the period were as follows:

      a.   Name of the company:                         China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Company
                                                        Limited (“CMRH Life”)
      b.   Business scope:                              general insurance (including life insurance and annuity
                                                        insurance), health insurance, accident injury
                                                        insurance, bonus insurance, omnipotent insurance,
                                                        reinsurance of all of the above insurance businesses,
                                                        the application of the insurance funds allowed by the
                                                        State laws and regulations, and other businesses
                                                        approved by former Banking and Insurance Regulatory
                                                        Commission.
      c.   Investment cost of the Company:              RMB875.0 million.
      d.   The percentage of the shareholding held by 13.26%.
           the Company:
      e.   The fair value and the scale relative to the total assets of the Group:
           As at June 30, 2024, the Group invested a fair value of approximately RMB882.5 million in CMRH
           Life, accounting for 2.9% of the total assets of the Group.
      f.   The performance in the first half of 2024:
           According to the information provided by CMRH Life to the Company, it recorded a profit of
           RMB88.8 million in the first half of 2024. This was mainly attributable to the CMRH Life’s ability to
           seize on market opportunities and achieve better returns in the equity and fixed-income markets,
           as well as its active promotion of reducing costs and improving efficiency, which resulted in a
           significant reduction in fee and commission expenses.
      g.   Strategies of future investments and the prospects of such investments:
           According to the information provided by CMRH Life to the Company, as China’s financial industry
           continues to develop with high quality, the prospects for the life insurance industry in health,
           wealth and risk management are broad. CMRH Life will adhere to the development laws of the
           financial insurance industry and the principle of “insurance-oriented”, following a path of market-
           oriented, professional, and differentiated innovation-driven development. Focusing on the
           transformation of the business model “building a digital platform for risk management, health
           management and wealth management, the preferred choice for central and state-owned
           enterprises and employees’ families” will continue to promote the optimization of operational
           mechanisms and capabilities, strictly focus on reducing costs and increasing efficiency, adhere to
           stable operations, continue to improve the ability to overcome cycles, and strive to become a
           boutique insurance service provider with innovative characteristics.




                                                                                                             11
TravelSky Technology Limited



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2024 (CONTINUED)
Financial Assets Invested (Continued)
(4)   Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss:
      China Mobile Equity Fund
      As stated in the announcement of the Company dated April 16, 2020, the Company entered into the
      limited partnership agreement (the “Agreement”) in relation to the formation of China Mobile Equity
      Fund (Hebei Xiong’an) Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (中移股權基金（河北雄安）合夥企業（有限合夥）)
      (“China Mobile Equity Fund”) with China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd.* (中移資本控股有限責任公司),
      other investors (together with the Company and China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd.* (中移資本控股
      有限責任公司), as the limited partners) and China Mobile Fund Co., Ltd.* (中移股權基金管理有限公司)
      (as the general partner), pursuant to which, the Company agreed to contribute RMB1 billion in cash to
      China Mobile Equity Fund during the term of the Agreement. China Mobile Equity Fund will mainly
      invest in the enterprises related to 5G industry application and information communication industry
      chain, ecosystem and empowerment industry.

      As at June 30, 2024, the Company has actually contributed (including the fund management fee)
      RMB684.3 million pursuant to the Agreement. Please refer to Note 14.1 the consolidated financial
      statements for details.

Charge on Assets
As at June 30, 2024, the Group had no charge on its assets.

Contingent Liabilities
As at June 30, 2024, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.

Gearing Ratio
As at June 30, 2024, the gearing ratio of the Group was 26.5% (as at December 31, 2023: 23.6%), which was
computed by dividing the total liabilities by the total assets of the Group as at June 30, 2024.

Advancement of data resource assetization within the Company
According to the Ministry of Finance’s Interim Provisions on Accounting Treatment Related to Data
Resources of Enterprises (Caikuai [2023] No. 11), starting from January 1, 2024, enterprises should recognize
data resources that meet the confirmation conditions as intangible assets or inventory, based on the purpose
of holding the data resources, the method of formation, the business model, and the expected manner of
economic benefit consumption related to the data resources.




12
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024



        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2024 (CONTINUED)
Advancement of data resource assetization within the Company (Continued)
As of December 31, 2023, the research and development projects such as the TravelSky big data technology
platform, Domestic Fare Calculation System, and Open Data Capabilities, have completed the R&D
acceptance process. The Company has determined that these products meet the conditions for capitalization
and have been transferred to intangible assets accounting. The business model of these products primarily
involves utilizing data resources to provide services to customers. In accordance with the relevant
regulations of the Ministry of Finance, the Company will report these products under “Intangible assets —
Including: Data resources” starting from January 1, 2024, with a total amount of approximately RMB39.2
million.

As of June 30, 2024, the Aviation Data Platform, Airport Data Channels, Fare Data Products, and other
related projects are newly added data resource-related R&D projects for 2024. Based on the actual
investment situation, the Company has reported these projects in the interim financial statements for 2024
under “Development expenditure — Including: Data resources,” with a total amount of approximately RMB9.6
million.

Major Investment or Financing Plan
As at June 30, 2024, the Group had no any major acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and
joint ventures, or have any major investment or plan to acquire major capital assets. The Board estimates
that the sources of funding of the Group in 2024 will be sufficient for the capital requirement of daily
operations and the Group does not have any major financing plan.

The total capital expenditure of the Group amounted to RMB141.5 million for the first half of 2024 (the first
half of 2023: RMB363.1 million), which was mainly used in the Company’s daily operation, among which, the
construction of the Beijing New Operation Center amounted to RMB0.8 million, existing system upgrade,
maintenance, and others amounted to RMB140.7 million.

Additionally, the preliminary research for the second phase of the Beijing New Operation Center has
commenced. As of June 30, 2024, a total of approximately RMB11.0 million has been incurred for feasibility
studies, consulting, and surveying expenses.

As at June 30, 2024, the Group’s capital expenditure commitment amounted to approximately RMB1,302.1
million, which will be mainly used for the Company’s daily operation, maintenance, research and
development and upgrading of computer system, China Mobile Equity Fund (an unlisted investment fund), etc.
The sources of funding for such commitments will include existing cash on hand and internal cash flows
generated from operating activities of the Group.




                                                                                                          13
TravelSky Technology Limited



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2024 (CONTINUED)
Employees
The Group has different rates of remuneration for different employees (including executive directors and staff
supervisors), according to their performance, experience, position and other factors in compliance with the
relevant PRC laws and regulations, as amended from time to time. The remuneration of the employees of the
Group includes salaries, bonuses and fringe benefits provided in compliance with relevant regulations of the
PRC, as amended from time to time, such as medical insurance, pension, unemployment insurance,
maternity insurance and housing funds. The Group also provides its employees with opportunities to acquire
skills in areas such as the aviation and travel industry, computer information technology and business
administration education, and provides training on the latest development in areas such as computer
information technology, personal qualities, laws, regulations and economics. In 2007, the Group implemented
a corporate annuity scheme (or supplementary pension plan) in accordance with relevant policies of the PRC.
According to the corporate annuity scheme, the Group is required to make provision for monthly corporate
annuity fees with reference to the total actual salary each month in the previous year and the ratio approved
by the relevant authorities of the PRC. It also needs to deposit the annuities in the custody account of
corporate annuity fund opened by its custodian.

As at June 30, 2024, the total number of employees of the Group was 6,574. Staff costs of the Group
amounted to approximately RMB937.8 million for the first half of 2024, representing approximately 37.0% of
the total operating expenses of the Group for the first half of 2024, among which, the aggregate corporate
annuity expenses of the Group amounted to approximately RMB40.9 million for the first half of 2024 (the first
half of 2023: RMB39.4 million).

Subsequent Events
For the months of July through August 2024, the Company received a total of RMB68.2 million in tax refunds
as the “Key Software Enterprise”. Apart from that, as at the date of this report, the Group had no significant
events since June 30, 2024 which need to be disclosed.




14
                                                                                               Interim Report 2024




                      PROSPECTS FOR THE SECOND HALF OF 2024

In the second half of 2024, supported by the consistency of China’s macroeconomic policies and the
accumulated advantages of high-quality development support, the expectation that the global economy will
continue its moderate recovery and the favorable conditions for development will be more dominant than the
unfavorable factors suggests that China’s economy will maintain a stable and improving momentum. Based
on a comprehensive analysis of the internal and external development environment of civil aviation and the
characteristics of the industry’s recovery, the Civil Aviation Administration of China expects China’s civil
aviation market to maintain a steady and growing momentum together with the continuance of the natural
growth in domestic air routes passenger transportation market and the further recovery in international air
routes passenger transportation market. As the principal driving force for the construction of civil aviation
informatization and the national representative in the field of information services, the Group will insist on
seeking progress with stability and promoting stability through progress, while focusing on the priority of
high-quality development, and devoting itself to scientific and technological innovation, industrial control, and
security support for the rapid construction of a world-class enterprise. In addition, the Group will
continuously enhance its intrinsic safety capabilities and improve its safety system while organizing safety
and development at a high level. The Group will strive to increase market development, steadily improve its
international operation capability, and accomplish its business goals and tasks with quality. Moreover, the
Group will endeavor to strengthen the momentum of scientific and technological innovation, tackle key core
technologies, and promote scientific and technological self-reliance and self-improvement with a high
standard while stimulating the vitality of enterprise reform, continuously increasing its reform efforts, and
implementing the upgrade of state enterprise reform. Lastly, the Group will systematically optimize the
corporate governance system, accelerate the improvement of the modern enterprise system, and efficiently
facilitate management improvement and brand building.




                                                                                                              15
TravelSky Technology Limited




OTHER INFORMATION


INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board recommends the Company not to pay an interim dividend for the first half of 2024.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES
In the first half of 2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed
any of its listed securities (including sale of treasury shares as defined under the Rules Governing the Listing
of Securities on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”). As at June 30, 2024, the Company did
not hold any such treasury shares.


AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
In order to make relevant amendments to meet the latest requirements of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) in relation to the expansion of the paperless listing regime and the electronic
dissemination of corporate communications by listed issuers, to delete or amend the provisions which are
obsolete as a result of the repeal of the Special Regulations and the Mandatory Provisions, and to adjust the
scope of operation of the Company to align with the text of the approved scope of operation as registered in
the business license of the Company, in accordance with the Listing Rules and the latest amendments to the
Company Law of the People’s Republic of China which has become effective on July 1, 2024, on March 27,
2024, the Board has resolved to propose to make amendments to the provisions of the Articles of
Association of the Company (“Articles of Association”). The proposed amendments were considered and
approved by the Shareholders at the annual general meeting held on June 20, 2024 by way of a special
resolution. The latest version of the Articles of Association was published on the websites of the Company
and the Stock Exchange on June 20, 2024. Please refer to the announcements of the Company dated March
27, 2024 and June 20, 2024, as well as the circular of the Company dated May 16, 2024 for details of such
amendments.


SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The issued share capital of the Company as at June 30, 2024 amounted to 2,926,209,589 shares, with a par
value of RMB1.00 each. As at June 30, 2024, the share capital structure of the Company is as follows:

                                                                                           Percentage to the
                                                                                             total number of
 Class of shares                                                      Number of shares        shares in issue
                                                                                                          (%)
 Domestic shares                                                           1,993,647,589                68.13
 H shares                                                                    932,562,000                31.87


 Total                                                                     2,926,209,589               100.00




16
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2024



                                                                                                 OTHER INFORMATION




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at June 30, 2024, the interests and short positions of any persons (other than directors, supervisors or
chief executives of the Company) in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the
register required to be kept under Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”) are as follows:

                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                          percentage of      Approximate
                                                                                              respective    percentage of
                                                                                          class of share      total share
 Name of shareholder                  Class and number of securities   Capacity                   capital          capital
                                      (Note 2)                                                  (Note 3)         (Note 3)
 China TravelSky Holding Company      864,836,589 domestic shares of   Beneficial owner          43.38%            29.55%
   Limited                              RMB1 each (L)

 China Mobile Communications Group    292,100,000 domestic shares of   Interest of               14.65%             9.98%
   Co., Ltd.                            RMB1 each (L) (Note 4)            controlled
                                                                          corporation

 China National Aviation Holding      260,690,500 domestic shares of   Beneficial owner          13.08%             8.91%
   Corporation Limited                  RMB1 each (L)

                                      18,720,000 domestic shares of    Interest of                0.94%             0.64%
                                         RMB1 each (L) (Note 5)           controlled
                                                                          corporation

                                      13,045,500 domestic shares of    Interest of                0.65%             0.45%
                                         RMB1 each (L) (Note6)            controlled
                                                                          corporation

 China Southern Air Holding Company   202,781,500 domestic shares of   Beneficial owner          10.17%             6.93%
   Limited                              RMB1 each (L)

                                      65,773,500 domestic shares of    Interest of                3.30%             2.25%
                                         RMB1 each (L) (Note 7)           controlled
                                                                          corporation

 China Eastern Air Holding Company    182,743,500 domestic shares of   Beneficial owner           9.17%             6.25%
   Limited                              RMB1 each (L)

                                      25,155,000 domestic shares of    Interest of                1.26%             0.86%
                                         RMB1 each (L) (Note 8)           controlled
                                                                          corporation

                                      3,900,000 domestic shares of     Interest of                0.20%             0.13%
                                         RMB1 each (L) (Note 9)           controlled
                                                                          corporation


                                                                                                                        17
TravelSky Technology Limited



OTHER INFORMATION




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                           percentage of      Approximate
                                                                                               respective    percentage of
                                                                                           class of share      total share
 Name of shareholder           Class and number of securities         Capacity                     capital          capital
                               (Note 2)                                                          (Note 3)         (Note 3)
 Citigroup Inc.                83,828,314 H shares of RMB1 each (L)                                8.98%             2.86%
                                  (Note 10)

                               1,478,888 H shares (L)                 Interest of
                                                                         corporation
                                                                         controlled by
                                                                         the substantial
                                                                         shareholder

                               82,349,426 H shares (L)                Approved lending
                                                                        agent

                               1,127,067 H shares of RMB1 each (S)    Interest of                  0.12%             0.03%
                                  (Note 10)                              corporation
                                                                         controlled by
                                                                         the substantial
                                                                         shareholder

                               82,349,426 H shares of RMB1 each (P)   Approved lending             8.83%             2.81%
                                  (Note 10)                             agent

 FMR LLC                       56,376,866 H shares of RMB1 each (L)   Interest of                  6.05%             1.92%
                                  (Note 11)                              corporation
                                                                         controlled by
                                                                         the substantial
                                                                         shareholder




18
                                                                                                               Interim Report 2024



                                                                                                          OTHER INFORMATION




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
Notes:


(1)      Interests and short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company disclosed in this section are based on the
         reasonable enquiries made by the Company and the data published on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
         Limited (“HKEX”) (www.hkexnews.hk). For the latest disclosure of interests filings of the substantial shareholders of the
         Company’s H shares, please refer to the “Disclosure of Interests” section on the website of HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk).


(2)      (L) — Long position; (S) — Short position; (P) — Lending pool.


(3)      The percentage is calculated by the amount of shares held by relevant person/the total amount of relevant shares issued
         as at June 30, 2024. Percentage in total share capital is based on 2,926,209,589 shares of the total issued share of the
         Company as at June 30, 2024; percentage in respective class of share capital is based on 1,993,647,589 domestic shares
         and 932,562,000 H shares of the Company as at June 30, 2024.


(4)      These shares were held by China Mobile Capital Holding Co.,Ltd., a subsidiary of China Mobile Communications Group Co.,
         Ltd. China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Mobile Capital
         Holding Co.,Ltd. pursuant to the SFO, of which 145,500,000 domestic shares (S) (accounting for approximately 4.97% of the
         total share capital) are deemed to be held through China Mobile Capital Holding Co.,Ltd. under the relevant agreements,
         based on the Disclosure Notice of the Interest of Corporate Substantial Shareholder filed by China Mobile Communications
         Group Co., Ltd. on February 6, 2024.


(5)      These shares were held by Shenzhen Airlines Company Limited, a subsidiary of China National Aviation Holding Corporation
         Limited. China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited was deemed to be interested in the shares held by Shenzhen
         Airlines Company Limited pursuant to the SFO.


(6)      These shares were held by Shandong Airlines Company Limited, a subsidiary of China National Aviation Holding Corporation
         Limited. China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited was deemed to be interested in the shares held by Shandong
         Airlines Company Limited pursuant to the SFO.

(7)      These shares were held by Xiamen Airlines Company Limited, a subsidiary of China Southern Air Holding Company Limited.
         China Southern Air Holding Company Limited was deemed to be interested in the shares held by Xiamen Airlines Company
         Limited pursuant to the SFO.




                                                                                                                                19
TravelSky Technology Limited



OTHER INFORMATION




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
Notes: (Continued)


(8)    These shares were held by China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited, a subsidiary of China Eastern Air Holding Company
       Limited. China Eastern Air Holding Company Limited was deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Eastern
       Airlines Corporation Limited pursuant to the SFO.


(9)    These shares were held by China Eastern Airlines Wuhan Company Limited, a subsidiary of China Eastern Air Holding
       Company Limited. China Eastern Air Holding Company Limited was deemed to be interested in the shares held by China
       Eastern Airlines Wuhan Company Limited pursuant to the SFO.

(10)   Based on the Disclosure Notice of the Interest of Corporate Substantial Shareholder filed by Citigroup Inc. on May 14, 2024,
       Citigroup Inc. was deemed to be interested in 83,828,314 H shares (L), 1,127,067 H shares (S) and 82,349,426 H shares (P).
       These shares were held by Citicorp LLC, Citibank, N.A., Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc., Citigroup Financial
       Products Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Bahamas Limited, Citigroup Global Markets
       Limited, Citibank, N.A., Citicorp Trust Delaware, National Association and Citicorp Trust South Dakota, which were directly
       or indirectly controlled by Citigroup Inc. Citigroup Inc. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by such companies
       pursuant to the SFO.


(11)   Based on the Disclosure Notice of the Interest of Corporate Substantial Shareholder filed by FMR LLC on April 3, 2024, FMR
       LLC was deemed to be interested in 56,376,866 H shares (L). These shares were held by Fidelity Management & Research
       Company LLC, FMR Investment Management (UK) Limited, Fidelity Management & Research (Hong Kong) Limited, Fidelity
       Management & Research (Japan) Limited, FIAM Holdings LLC, Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Company,
       FIAM LLC, Fidelity Canada Investors LLC, Bay Street Holdings LLC, 483A Bay Street Holdings LP, BlueJay Lux 1 S.a.r.l.
       and Fidelity Investments Canada ULC, which were directly or indirectly controlled by FMR LLC. FMR LLC was deemed to be
       interested in the shares held by such companies pursuant to the SFO.


Save as the above, to the best knowledge of the Company’s directors, as at June 30, 2024, no person (other
than directors, supervisors or chief executives of the Company) had any interests or short positions in the
shares or underlying shares of the Company that are required to be recorded in the register kept by the
Company under Section 336 of the SFO.




20
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024



                                                                                       OTHER INFORMATION




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVES IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND
DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ANY OTHER ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS
As at June 30, 2024, none of the directors, supervisors or chief executives of the Company had any interests
or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that are required to be recorded in the register kept
by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange by the directors, supervisors or chief executives pursuant to the Model Code (the “Model Code”) as
set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

None of the directors, supervisors or chief executives of the Company or their respective associates had been
granted or had exercised any rights to subscribe for the securities of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) for the six months ended June 30, 2024.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company is committed to establishing and maintaining high level of corporate governance, as well as
disclosing information to all the market participants and regulatory authorities in a timely, accurate,
complete and reliable manner to enhance the transparency of the Company. The Company has adopted the
code provisions as stipulated in the “Corporate Governance Code” and “Corporate Governance Report” (the
“Code Provisions”) in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as the Company’s code of corporate governance.

The Company has deviated from the Code Provision C.2.1 “the roles of chairman and chief executives should
be separate and should not be performed by the same individual”. As stated in the announcement of
Company dated May 2, 2022, Mr. Huang Rongshun, the chairman of the Company, has been appointed as the
general manager of the Company. At present, the chairman and general manager of the Company are
performed by the same individual, which is a transitional arrangement only. Considering that the Board
constitutes a sufficient number of independent non-executive directors, a temporary deviation from the Code
Provision would not prejudice the balanced distribution of power and authority between the Board and the
management of the Company.




                                                                                                          21
TravelSky Technology Limited



OTHER INFORMATION




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)
The Company has deviated from the Code Provision B.2.2 “every director (including those appointed for a
specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years”. As stated in the
announcement of the Company dated February 27, 2023, the term of the seventh session of the Board of the
Company expired on February 26, 2023. Given that the nomination process of candidates for the directors of
the new session of the Board has not been completed, the re-election and appointment of members of the
Board will be postponed as appropriate, and the term of office of each committee of the seventh session of
the Board of the Company will be extended accordingly. The Company will endeavor to complete the
re-election and appointment of members of the Board as soon as possible, and fulfill respective information
disclosure obligations in a timely manner. All members of the seventh session of the Board of the Company
will continue to fulfill their respective duties and responsibilities of directors in accordance with the laws,
administrative regulations and the Articles of Association until the re-election work is completed. The normal
operation of the Company will not be affected by the postponement of re-election of the members of the
Board.

Except for the deviations from Code Provision C.2.1 and Code Provision B.2.2, the Company has fully
complied with the Code Provisions in the first half of 2024.

For the six-month period ended June 30, 2024, the Company has adopted the Model Code and standards
required thereof as the model code and the standards for conducting securities transactions by directors and
supervisors of the Company. After making specific enquiries to all directors and supervisors, the Company
confirmed that all directors and supervisors have acted in full compliance with Model Code and the
standards regarding directors’ securities transactions required thereof during the six-month period ended
June 30, 2024.


AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE (SUPERVISORY
COMMITTEE)
The Audit and Risk Management Committee (Supervisory Committee) of the Company has discussed and
reviewed the unaudited interim results of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2024 with the
Company’s management, and has also discussed matters relating to internal control, risk management and
financial reporting.




22
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION




CHANGE OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
AND CHANGE IN INFORMATION
Change of Directors
As stated in the announcement of the Company dated January 25, 2024, on the Company’s extraordinary
general meeting held that date, Mr. Sun Yuquan and Mr. Qu Guangji have been elected and appointed as
non-executive Directors of the seventh session of the Board and members of the Strategy and Investment
Committee (Legal Compliance Committee) (“Strategy and Investment Committee”), respectively. At the same
time, the general meeting approved that Mr. Zhao Xiaohang and Mr. Luo Laijun ceased to be non-executive
Directors and members of the Strategy and Investment Committee of the Company.

As stated in the announcement of the Company dated August 28, 2024, Directors of the Company proposed to
appoint Mr. Cheng Guowei as non-executive Director of the seventh session of the Board and members of the
Strategy and Investment Committee of the Company. At the same time, Mr. Xi Sheng ceased to be a
non-executive Director and member of the Strategy and Investment Committee of the Company, which will
become effective subject to the Shareholders’ approval at the general meeting of the Company.

Change of Supervisors
As stated in the announcement of the Company dated January 17, 2024, upon the approval at the Company’s
staff representative meeting held on January 17, 2024, Ms. Liang Shuang has ceased to serve as a staff
representative supervisor of the Company due to adjustment of the internal working arrangement, Mr. Zhang
Xin was appointed as a staff representative supervisor of the Company.

As stated in the announcement of the Company dated August 28, 2024, the Supervisory Committee of the
Company proposed the appointment of Mr. Lyu Wei as the shareholder representative Supervisor of the
seventh Supervisory Committee of the Company, at the same time, Mr. Yang Jun cease to be the shareholder
representative supervisor of the Company, which will become effective subject to the Shareholders’ approval
at the general meeting of the Company.

Change of Senior Management
As stated in the announcement of Company dated January 31, 2024, Mr. Wang Jinping has ceased to serve
as a vice general manager of the Company due to retirement.




                                                                                                         23
TravelSky Technology Limited



OTHER INFORMATION




CHANGE OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
AND CHANGE IN INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
Change in Information of Directors and Supervisors
Change in the information of directors or supervisors of the Company that is required to be disclosed
pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the publication of the Company’s 2023 annual report is
set out below:

Mr. Chan Wing Tak Kevin, an independent non-executive Director, was appointed as a member of the Chief
Executive’s Policy Unit (CEPU) Expert Group of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC in
May 2024, with a term of one year. He was appointed as a member of the Hong Kong Independent Police
Complaints Council in June 2024, with a term of two years. He was appointed as a member of the Stock
Exchange Listing Review Committee in July 2024, with a term of one year.

Mr. Yang Jun, shareholder representative supervisor of the seventh session of the supervisory committee of
the Company, has been the party secretary and vice general manager of Xiamen Airlines Company Limited*
(廈門航空有限公司) since May 2024.

                                                                                     By order of the Board
                                                                                       Huang Rongshun
                                                                                           Chairman

August 28, 2024




24
                                                                                         Interim Report 2024




   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                      As at June 30, 2024
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                          June 30,         December 31,
Assets                                                 Notes                 2024                 2023
Current assets:
  Cash and bank balances                                5.1        9,609,663,328.73      7,367,554,453.37
  Balances with clearing companies
  Loans to banks and other financial institutions
  Financial assets held for trading                     5.2        2,702,068,287.67      3,504,856,849.32
  Derivative financial assets
  Notes receivable                                      5.3          234,704,657.50        219,778,295.29
  Accounts receivable                                   5.4        5,336,412,509.04      4,519,511,976.11
  Receivables financing
  Advances to suppliers                                 5.5         192,824,697.09        131,724,745.10
  Premiums receivable
  Reinsurance accounts receivable
  Reinsurance contract reserves receivable
  Other receivables                                     5.6        2,203,695,429.13      1,967,334,228.40
  Financial assets purchased under resale
    agreements
  Inventories                                           5.7         142,483,822.00          85,941,278.65
  Including: Data resources
  Contract assets                                       5.8         180,833,348.11          32,869,548.08
  Assets held for sale
  Non-current assets maturing within one year           5.9          88,121,611.09        107,231,444.45
  Other current assets                                  5.10        205,120,461.33        189,402,222.38


Total current assets                                              20,895,928,151.69     18,126,205,041.15




                                                                                                        25
TravelSky Technology Limited



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at June 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                               As at               As at
                                                                            June 30,        December 31,
 Assets                                               Notes                    2024                2023
 Non-current assets:
   Disbursements of loans and advances
   Debt investments
   Other debt investments
   Long-term receivables
   Long-term equity investments                       5.11          854,123,550.07          741,789,319.20
   Investments in other equity instruments            5.12          882,453,000.00          830,473,800.00
   Other non-current financial assets                 5.13          783,819,158.05          786,903,313.48
   Investment properties                              5.14           89,410,589.50           93,865,533.54
   Fixed assets                                       5.15        3,029,696,046.44        3,192,828,763.30
   Construction in progress                           5.16           21,676,051.81           20,897,853.51
   Productive biological assets
   Oil and gas assets
   Right-of-use assets                                5.17           97,778,103.87          145,919,481.50
   Intangible assets                                  5.18        2,198,296,804.59        2,447,136,686.49
   Including: Data resources                                         39,249,819.84
   Development expenditures                                          40,256,017.04           25,559,215.96
   Including: Data resources                                          9,589,351.05
   Goodwill                                           5.19              260,400.76              260,400.76
   Long-term deferred expenses                        5.20            3,541,900.24            4,323,367.68
   Deferred tax assets                                5.21          537,085,966.79          569,294,736.60
   Other non-current assets                           5.22          542,640,028.92          514,671,917.81


 Total non-current assets                                         9,081,037,618.08        9,373,924,389.83


 Total assets                                                    29,976,965,769.77       27,500,129,430.98


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun      Chief Accountant: Li Jinsong      Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




26
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                       As at June 30, 2024
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                              As at                As at
                                                                           June 30,         December 31,
Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                    Notes                 2024                 2023
Current liabilities:
  Short-term borrowings                                  5.24       1,151,999,999.00       751,589,902.50
  Borrowings from central bank
  Loans from banks and other financial
    institutions
  Financial liabilities held for trading
  Derivative financial liabilities
  Notes payable
  Accounts payable                                       5.25       2,335,434,595.89      2,245,559,174.77
  Advances from customers
  Contract liabilities                                   5.26        813,893,486.29        890,290,731.73
  Financial assets sold under repurchase
    agreements
  Absorption of deposits and interbank deposits
  Receiving from vicariously traded securities
  Receiving from vicariously sold securities
  Employee compensation payable                          5.27         193,537,551.29        240,297,916.39
  Taxes payable                                          5.28         197,555,721.36        264,618,903.72
  Other payables                                         5.29       2,880,689,693.02      1,647,405,374.72
  Handling charges and commissions payable
  Reinsurance accounts payable
  Liabilities held for sale
  Non-current liabilities maturing within one year       5.30        288,428,831.18        109,423,596.99
  Other current liabilities                              5.31         28,295,367.63         44,307,925.16


Total current liabilities                                           7,889,835,245.66      6,193,493,525.98




                                                                                                         27
TravelSky Technology Limited



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at June 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                As at               As at
                                                                             June 30,        December 31,
 Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                    Notes                  2024                2023
 Non-current liabilities:
   Reserves for insurance contracts
   Long-term borrowings                                   5.32                               200,213,888.89
   Bonds payable
   Including: Preferred stock
              Perpetual bonds
   Lease liabilities                                      5.33          21,718,164.33         50,581,025.30
   Long-term payables                                     5.34             420,237.65            420,237.65
   Long-term employee compensation payable
   Provisions                                             5.35              20,000.00             20,000.00
   Deferred income                                        5.36           1,221,182.50          1,221,182.50
   Deferred tax liabilities                               5.21          35,849,015.81         35,585,239.45
   Other non-current liabilities

 Total non-current liabilities                                          59,228,600.29        288,041,573.79

 Total liabilities                                                   7,949,063,845.95      6,481,535,099.77

 Shareholders’ equity:
   Share capital                                          5.37       2,926,209,589.00      2,926,209,589.00
   Other equity instruments
   Including: Preferred stock
              Perpetual bonds
   Capital reserves                                       5.38       1,248,608,760.72      1,192,037,425.52
   Less: Treasury stock
   Other comprehensive income                             5.39          –7,843,093.80        –53,239,516.76
   Special reserves
   Surplus reserves                                       5.40       4,338,775,790.54      4,221,794,668.50
   General risk reserves                                  5.41          13,260,933.32         13,260,933.32
   Retained earnings                                      5.42      12,953,115,714.94     12,171,069,311.04
   Total equity attributable to shareholders of
     the Company                                                    21,472,127,694.72     20,471,132,410.62
   Non-controlling interests                                           555,774,229.10        547,461,920.59

 Total shareholders’ equity                                         22,027,901,923.82     21,018,594,331.21

 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                         29,976,965,769.77     27,500,129,430.98


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun          Chief Accountant: Li Jinsong   Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




28
                                                                                     Interim Report 2024




STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                  As at June 30, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                         As at                As at
                                                                      June 30,         December 31,
Assets                                             Notes                 2024                 2023
Current assets:
  Cash and bank balances                                       6,605,339,470.29      5,273,294,551.65
  Financial assets held for trading                            2,702,068,287.67      3,504,856,849.32
  Derivative financial assets
  Notes receivable                                               224,897,986.69        217,860,615.29
  Accounts receivable                               17.1       4,914,797,958.29      4,000,617,002.34
  Receivables financing
  Advances to suppliers                                         178,159,259.14        151,764,729.50
  Other receivables                                 17.2        335,334,373.42        372,833,833.95
  Inventories                                                       936,829.83            904,971.42
  Including: Data resources
  Contract assets                                               167,336,316.95          17,745,067.68
  Assets held for sale
  Non-current assets maturing within one year
  Other current assets                                          124,515,447.57        114,332,035.60


Total current assets                                          15,253,385,929.85     13,654,209,656.75




                                                                                                    29
TravelSky Technology Limited



STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
As at June 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                               As at               As at
                                                                            June 30,        December 31,
 Assets                                                Notes                   2024                2023
 Non-current assets:
   Debt investments
   Other debt investments
   Long-term receivables
   Long-term equity investments                         17.3       2,707,060,092.96       2,651,396,839.49
   Investment in other equity instruments                            882,453,000.00         830,473,800.00
   Other non-current financial assets                                783,819,158.05         786,903,313.48
   Investment properties                                              80,697,815.13          84,819,635.79
   Fixed assets                                                    2,603,981,110.83       2,751,976,758.66
   Construction in progress                                           21,775,108.41          20,996,910.11
   Productive biological assets
   Oil and gas assets
   Right-of-use assets                                                69,360,169.73         110,492,853.36
   Intangible assets                                               2,104,700,582.62       2,357,001,147.46
   Including: Data resources                                          39,249,819.92
   Development expenditures                                           14,963,342.63           1,213,519.67
   Including: Data resources                                           9,589,351.05
   Goodwill
   Long-term deferred expenses                                         2,617,932.13           3,108,165.81
   Deferred tax assets                                               529,596,459.81         561,109,497.83
   Other non-current assets


 Total non-current assets                                          9,801,024,772.30      10,159,492,441.66


 Total assets                                                     25,054,410,702.15      23,813,702,098.41


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun        Chief Accountant: Li Jinsong    Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




30
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                                            STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                       As at June 30, 2024
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                              As at                As at
                                                                           June 30,         December 31,
Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                    Notes                 2024                 2023
Current liabilities:
  Short-term borrowings
  Financial liabilities held for trading
  Derivative financial liabilities
  Notes payable
  Accounts payable                                                  2,538,222,563.60      2,619,274,026.39
  Advances from customers
  Contract liabilities                                                770,544,441.88        856,662,191.21
  Employee compensation payables                                       97,197,021.13        171,177,968.70
  Taxes payable                                                       136,783,511.41        176,224,502.82
  Other payables                                                    3,649,853,290.39      2,884,236,096.54
  Liabilities held for sale
  Non-current liabilities maturing within one year                   269,923,142.94          89,754,098.76
  Other current liabilities                                           25,418,341.39          42,208,789.49


Total current liabilities                                           7,487,942,312.74      6,839,537,673.91


Non-current liabilities:
  Long-term borrowings                                                                     200,213,888.89
  Bonds payable
  Including: Preferred stock
             Perpetual bonds
  Lease liabilities                                                     4,970,024.84         29,386,642.67
  Long-term payables
  Long-term employee benefits payable
  Provisions
  Deferred income                                                         221,182.50            221,182.50
  Deferred tax liabilities                                             20,361,338.49         20,080,718.95
  Other non-current liabilities


Total non-current liabilities                                          25,552,545.83       249,902,433.01


Total liabilities                                                   7,513,494,858.57      7,089,440,106.92




                                                                                                         31
TravelSky Technology Limited



STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
As at June 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                   As at               As at
                                                                                June 30,        December 31,
 Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                    Notes                     2024                2023
 Shareholders’ equity:
   Share capital                                                     2,926,209,589.00         2,926,209,589.00
   Other equity instruments
   Including: Preferred stock
              Perpetual bonds
   Capital reserves                                                  1,347,347,774.50         1,298,570,506.29
   Less: Treasury stock
   Other comprehensive income                                                9,741,560.44       –34,440,759.56
   Special reserves
   Surplus reserves                                                  4,333,269,598.34         4,216,288,476.30
   Retained earnings                                                 8,924,347,321.30         8,317,634,179.46


 Total shareholders’ equity                                         17,540,915,843.58        16,724,261,991.49


 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                         25,054,410,702.15        23,813,702,098.41


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun          Chief Accountant: Li Jinsong      Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




32
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                     For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2024
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                   Six months ended      Six months ended
Item                                                     Notes         June 30, 2024         June 30, 2023
I.   Total operating income                                         4,041,791,212.19       3,307,555,567.64
     Including: Operating income                          5.43      4,041,791,212.19       3,307,555,567.64
                Interest income
                Earned premium
                Fees and commission income

II.   Total operating costs                                          2,535,291,416.00      2,178,180,904.16
      Including: Operating costs                          5.43       1,634,123,093.42      1,438,785,384.49
                 Interest expenses
                 Handling charges and
                   Commissions Expenses
                 Refunds of insurance premiums
                 Net payments for insurance
                   claims
                 Net provisions for insurance
                   liability reserves
                 Commissions on insurance
                   policies
                 Cession charges
                 Taxes and surcharges                     5.44          44,667,989.61         36,221,069.60
                 Selling and distribution expenses        5.45          38,887,952.91         55,081,734.26
                 General and administrative
                   expenses                               5.46        464,305,780.97        444,718,760.63
                 Research and development
                   expenses                               5.47        431,960,329.68        275,217,130.34
                 Financial expenses                       5.48        –78,653,730.59        –71,843,175.16
                 Including: Interest expenses                           6,435,439.83          8,041,549.13
                              Interest income                          73,390,563.96         63,976,022.05
      Plus: Other income                                  5.49          7,677,627.21         35,775,912.66
            Investment income (“-” for losses)            5.50         39,334,601.25         44,643,405.29
            Including: Gains from investment in
                           associates and joint
                           ventures                                      2,121,237.91          7,691,927.64
                        Gains from derecognition of
                           financial assets
                           measured at amortized
                           cost
            Foreign exchange gains
              (“-” for losses)
            Income from net exposure hedging
              (“-” for losses)
            Gains from the changes in fair value
              (“-” for losses)                            5.51            484,501.76           6,800,160.88
            Credit impairment losses
              (“-” for losses)                            5.52          65,664,000.96       116,978,290.86
            Asset impairment losses
              (“-” for losses)                            5.53          –6,021,305.48          2,452,840.55
            Gains from disposal of assets
              (“-” for losses)                            5.54              16,487.46          2,654,935.35




                                                                                                          33
TravelSky Technology Limited



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                     Six months ended    Six months ended
 Item                                                        Notes       June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
 III. Operating profits (“-” for losses)                              1,613,655,709.35     1,338,680,209.07
      Plus: Non-operating income                             5.55         3,162,710.29        19,897,263.18
      Less: Non-operating expenses                           5.56        11,096,151.97        11,713,905.98

 IV.   Total profits (“-” for total losses)                           1,605,722,267.67    1,346,863,566.27
       Less: Income tax expenses                             5.57       228,906,798.98      139,209,645.47

 V.    Net profit (“-” for net loss)                                  1,376,815,468.69    1,207,653,920.80
       (I) Classified by operating continuity
            1. Net profit from continuing operations
                 (“-” for net loss)                                   1,376,815,468.69    1,207,653,920.80
            2. Net profit from discontinued operations
                 (“-” for net losses)
       (II) Classified by ownership
            1. Net profit attributable to shareholders
                 of the Company (“-” for net loss)                    1,367,221,060.18    1,200,385,350.66
            2. Net profit attributable to non-
                  controlling interests (“-” for net loss)                9,594,408.51        7,268,570.14

 VI.   Other comprehensive income, net of tax                            45,396,422.96        8,833,101.19
       Other comprehensive income, net of tax
           attributable to shareholders of the
           Company                                                       45,396,422.96        8,833,101.19
       (I) Items that cannot be reclassified to
               profit or loss                                            44,182,320.00        3,240,523.68
            1. Changes of re-measurement in
                 defined benefit plan
            2. Other comprehensive income that
                 cannot be transferred to profit or loss
                 under the equity method                                                      3,240,523.68
            3. Changes in fair value of other equity
                 instruments investment                                  44,182,320.00
            4. Changes in the fair value of the
                 Company’s own credit risk
       (II) Items that may be reclassified to
               profit or loss                                             1,214,102.96        5,592,577.51
            1. Other comprehensive income that may
                 be reclassified to profit or loss under
                 the equity method
            2. Changes in fair value of other
                 debt investment
            3. Amounts of financial assets reclassified
                 to other comprehensive income
            4. Provisions for credit impairment of
                 other debt investments
            5. Cash flow hedging reserves
            6. Differences arising from translation of
                 foreign-currency financial statements                    1,214,102.96        5,592,577.51
            7. Others
       Other comprehensive income, net of tax,
           attributable to non-controlling interests



34
                                                                                            Interim Report 2024



                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2024
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                  Six months ended       Six months ended
 Item                                                   Notes         June 30, 2024          June 30, 2023
 VII.   Total comprehensive income                                  1,422,211,891.65       1,216,487,021.99
        Total comprehensive income attributable to
          shareholders of the Company                               1,412,617,483.14       1,209,218,451.85
        Total comprehensive income attributable to
          non-controlling interests                                       9,594,408.51         7,268,570.14


 VIII. Earnings per share:
       (I) Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)          5.58                     0.47                  0.41
       (II) Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)       5.58                     0.47                  0.41


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun       Chief Accountant: Li Jinsong      Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




                                                                                                           35
TravelSky Technology Limited




STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME OF THE PARENT COMPANY
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                Six months ended    Six months ended
 Item                                                   Notes       June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
 I.     Operating income                                17.4     3,313,339,303.36    2,576,766,662.83
        Less: Operating costs                           17.4     1,348,844,359.05    1,050,941,690.67
              Taxes and surcharges                                  38,504,384.32       31,206,723.41
              Selling and distribution expenses                     19,495,787.36        5,524,501.85
              General and administrative expenses                  332,154,069.22      320,538,289.22
              Research and development expenses                    299,809,704.90      160,387,483.37
              Financial expenses                                   –33,429,902.17      –24,923,579.23
              Including: Interest expenses                           5,731,135.69        7,170,186.61
                          Interest income                           35,660,822.64       29,635,899.67
        Plus: Other income                                           4,475,095.76       30,897,122.20
              Investment income (“-” for loss)          17.5        37,760,939.76       46,048,627.27
              Including: Gains from investment in
                            associates and joint
                            ventures                               –14,518,585.49        9,097,149.62
                          Gains from derecognition of
                            financial assets measured
                            at amortized cost
              Income from net exposure hedging
                (“-” for losses)
              Gains from changes in fair value
                (“-” for losses)                                      484,501.76         6,800,160.88
              Credit impairment losses
                (“-” for losses)                                    60,767,890.23      118,756,411.84
              Asset impairment losses
                (“-” for losses)                                    –4,910,271.37        2,344,523.77
              Gains from disposal of assets
                (“-” for losses)                                        12,418.29


 II.    Operating profits (“-” for loss)                         1,406,551,475.11    1,237,938,399.50
        Plus: Non-operating income                                   2,870,516.74          867,126.24
        Less: Non-operating expenses                                10,623,947.44       11,468,016.63


 III.   Total profits (“-” for total losses)                     1,398,798,044.41    1,227,337,509.11
        Less: Income tax expenses                                  206,910,246.29      121,889,856.38


 IV.    Net profit (“-” for net loss)                            1,191,887,798.12    1,105,447,652.73
        (I) Net profit from continuing operations
              (“-” for net loss)                                 1,191,887,798.12    1,105,447,652.73
        (II) Net profit from discontinued operations
               (“-” for net loss)




36
                                                                                                 Interim Report 2024



            STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                           For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2024
                                                            (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                         Six months ended      Six months ended
 Item                                                          Notes         June 30, 2024         June 30, 2023
 V.     Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                44,182,320.00          3,240,523.68
        (I) Other comprehensive income that
                cannot be reclassified to profit or loss                      44,182,320.00          3,240,523.68
             1. Changes in re-measurement of
                  the defined benefit plan
             2. Other comprehensive income
                  that cannot be transferred to profit or
                  loss under the equity method                                                       3,240,523.68
             3. Changes in fair value of other
                   equity instruments investment                              44,182,320.00
             4. Changes in the fair value of the
                  Company’s own credit risk
        (II) Items that may be reclassified to
                profit or loss
             1. Other comprehensive income
                   that may be transferred to profit or
                   loss under the equity method
             2. Changes in fair value of other
                   debt investments
             3. Amounts of financial assets
                   reclassified to other comprehensive
                   income
             4. Provisions for credit impairment
                   of other debt investments
             5. Cash flow hedging reserves
             6. Differences arising from
                   translation of foreign-currency
                   financial statements
             7. Others


 VI.    Total comprehensive income                                         1,236,070,118.12      1,108,688,176.41


 VII.   Earnings per share
        (I) Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)
        (II) Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun            Chief Accountant: Li Jinsong      Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




                                                                                                                37
TravelSky Technology Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the six months ended June 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                               Six months ended    Six months ended
 Item                                                  Notes       June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
 I.  Cash flows from operating activities
     Cash received from sales of goods and
        rendering of services                                   3,233,843,728.26    3,058,794,919.93
     Net increase in customer deposits and
        deposits from other banks and financial
        institutions
     Net increase in borrowings from central
        banks
     Net increase in loans from other financial
        institutions
     Cash received from receiving insurance
        premium of original insurance contract
     Net cash received from reinsurance business
     Net increase in deposits and investments
        from policyholders
     Cash received from interest, handling
        charges and commissions
     Net increase in loans from banks and other
        financial institutions
     Net capital increase in repurchase business
     Net cash received from vicariously traded
        securities
     Refunds of taxes and surcharges                                4,913,626.94        6,813,901.88
     Cash received from other operating activities     5.60    66,440,302,148.46   66,249,706,187.22
 Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities           69,679,059,503.66   69,315,315,009.03
     Cash paid for goods purchased and services
        received                                                  921,948,828.06    1,000,179,176.08
     Net increase in customers’ loans and
        advances
     Net increase in deposits with central bank
        and with banks and other financial
        institutions
     Cash paid for original insurance contract
        claims
     Net increase in loans to banks and other
        financial institutions
     Cash paid for interest, handling charges and
        commissions
     Cash paid for policy dividends
     Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                    1,091,304,512.91      883,829,722.54
     Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                           437,525,592.15      377,254,018.73
     Cash paid for other operating activities          5.60    65,940,844,612.54   66,042,829,140.19
 Sub-total of cash outflows from operating
   activities                                                  68,391,623,545.66   68,304,092,057.54

 Net cash flows from operating activities                       1,287,435,958.00    1,011,222,951.49




38
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024



                                                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                      For the six months ended June 30, 2024
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                   Six months ended      Six months ended
Item                                                     Notes         June 30, 2024         June 30, 2023
II. Cash flows from investing activities
    Cash received from disposal of investments                       3,503,394,657.11      3,301,773,944.33
    Cash received from returns on investments                           60,733,861.17         54,082,438.35
    Net cash received from disposal of fixed
       assets, intangible assets and other long-
       term assets                                                       1,389,793.25          5,485,025.45
    Net cash received from disposal of
       subsidiaries and other business units
    Cash received from other investing activities                           37,250.00
Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities                  3,565,555,561.53      3,361,341,408.13
    Cash paid to acquire and construct fixed
       assets, intangible assets and other
       long-term assets                                                175,530,830.23        208,867,974.30
    Cash paid for investments                                        2,700,000,000.00      3,576,090,965.00
    Net increase in pledge loans
    Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries and
       other business units
    Cash paid for other investing activities                              442,553.74
Sub-total of cash outflows from investing
  activities                                                         2,875,973,383.97      3,784,958,939.30


Net cash flows from investing activities                              689,582,177.56       –423,617,531.17


III. Cash flows from financing activities
     Cash from absorption of investments
     Including: Cash received by subsidiaries from
                   investment by minority
                   shareholders
     Cash received from borrowings                                   1,961,999,998.00      1,484,578,932.02
     Cash received from other financing activities
Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities                  1,961,999,998.00      1,484,578,932.02
     Cash paid for debts repayments                                  1,561,589,901.50        931,389,039.63
     Cash paid for distribution of dividends and
        profits or payment of interest                                  31,886,381.61         16,719,255.95
     Including: Dividends and profits paid to
                   minority shareholders by
                   subsidiaries                                          4,648,760.44          7,052,234.16
     Cash paid for other financing activities             5.60          66,290,329.14         48,817,689.32
Sub-total of cash outflows from financing
   activities                                                        1,659,766,612.25       996,925,984.90


Net cash flows from financing activities                              302,233,385.75        487,652,947.12



                                                                                                          39
TravelSky Technology Limited



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the six months ended June 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                 Six months ended        Six months ended
 Item                                                 Notes          June 30, 2024           June 30, 2023
 IV. Effect of fluctuation in exchange rate on
       cash and cash equivalents                                          6,757,490.38        25,456,515.41


 V.     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                 2,286,009,011.69         1,100,714,882.85
        Plus: Beginning balance of cash and cash
                equivalents                                       7,276,531,274.65         7,475,848,342.25


 VI. Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents                 9,562,540,286.34         8,576,563,225.10


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun       Chief Accountant: Li Jinsong      Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




40
                                                                                       Interim Report 2024




STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                 For the six months ended June 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                 Six months ended    Six months ended
Item                                                    Notes        June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
I.  Cash flows from operating activities
    Cash received from sales of goods and rendering
      of services                                                 2,379,222,194.46    2,290,310,906.03
    Refund of taxes and surcharges                                                           35,580.09
    Cash received from other operating activities                   435,744,814.73      218,151,973.01
Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities               2,814,967,009.19    2,508,498,459.13
    Cash paid for goods purchased and services
      received                                                      842,678,310.00      818,092,430.87
    Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                         652,670,429.14      489,385,574.92
    Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                              350,353,459.48      243,500,314.80
    Cash paid for other operating activities                        204,046,864.10      239,807,432.35
Sub-total of cash outflows from operating activities              2,049,749,062.72    1,790,785,752.94


Net cash flows from operating activities                            765,217,946.47      717,712,706.19


II. Cash flows from investing activities
    Cash received from disposal of investments                    3,503,394,657.11    3,301,773,944.33
    Cash received from returns on investments                        60,583,861.17       84,037,431.05
    Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets,
      intangible assets and other long-term assets                    1,371,243.25        2,585,277.50
    Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries
      and other business units
    Cash received from other investing activities
Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities               3,565,349,761.53    3,388,396,652.88
    Cash paid to acquire and construct fixed assets,
      intangible assets and other long-term assets                  238,172,970.93      200,125,342.38
    Cash paid for investments                                     2,700,000,000.00    3,576,090,965.00
    Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries and other
      business units
    Cash paid for other investing activities
Sub-total of cash outflows from investing activities              2,938,172,970.93    3,776,216,307.38


Net cash flows from investing activities                            627,176,790.60     –387,819,654.50




                                                                                                      41
TravelSky Technology Limited



STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF THE PARENT COMPANY
For the six months ended June 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                    Six months ended       Six months ended
 Item                                                       Notes       June 30, 2024          June 30, 2023
 III. Cash flows from financing activities
      Cash from absorption of investments
      Cash received from borrowings
      Cash received from other financing activities
 Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities
      Cash paid for debts repayments                                                            3,538,888.89
      Cash paid for distribution of dividends and profits
        or payment of interest                                              3,558,333.33       41,998,543.53
      Cash paid for other financing activities                             56,110,115.63
 Sub-total of cash outflows from financing activities                      59,668,448.96       45,537,432.42


 Net cash flows from financing activities                              –59,668,448.96         –45,537,432.42


 IV. Effect of fluctuation in exchange rate on cash and
       cash equivalents                                                     –681,369.47         2,383,914.30


 V.     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                     1,332,044,918.64        286,739,533.57
        Plus: Beginning balance of cash and cash
                equivalents                                           5,273,294,551.65      4,646,870,810.21


 VI. Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents                     6,605,339,470.29      4,933,610,343.78


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun        Chief Accountant: Li Jinsong     Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




42
                                                                                                                                                                             For the Period from January 1, 2024 to June 30, 2024
                                                                                                                                                      Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company
                                                                                                        Other equity instruments                                                         Other                                                                                                                       Total
                                                                                                 Preferred Perpetual                                        Less: Treasury comprehensive                                             General risk     Undistributed                                          shareholders’
      Item                                                                       Share capital       stock          bonds        Others Capital reserves              stock            income Special reserves Surplus reserves         reserves             profits         Sub-total Minority interest            equity
      I. Balance as at December 31, 2023                                      2,926,209,589.00                                           1,192,037,425.52                      –53,239,516.76                    4,221,794,668.50   13,260,933.32 12,171,069,311.04 20,471,132,410.62     547,461,920.59 21,018,594,331.21
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                  Correction of accounting errors in prior periods
                  Business combination under common control
                  Others
      II. Balance as at January 1, 2024                                       2,926,209,589.00                                           1,192,037,425.52                      –53,239,516.76                    4,221,794,668.50   13,260,933.32 12,171,069,311.04 20,471,132,410.62     547,461,920.59 21,018,594,331.21
      III. Increase/decrease in 2024 (“–” for decreases)                                                                                    56,571,335.20                       45,396,422.96                      116,981,122.04                    782,046,403.90 1,000,995,284.10        8,312,308.51 1,009,307,592.61
           (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                       45,396,422.96                                                      1,367,221,060.18 1,412,617,483.14        9,594,408.51 1,422,211,891.65
           (2) Capital contributed or reduced by shareholders                                                                               56,571,335.20                                                                                                               56,571,335.20                        56,571,335.20
                  (i) Common stock contributions by shareholders
                  (ii) Capital contributed by the holders of other equity
                          instruments
                  (iii) Amounts of share-based payments recognized in
                          shareholders’ equity
                  (iv) Others                                                                                                               56,571,335.20                                                                                                                56,571,335.20                       56,571,335.20
           (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                 116,981,122.04                   –585,174,656.28    –468,193,534.24     –1,282,100.00   –469,475,634.24
                  (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                                               116,981,122.04                   –116,981,122.04
                  (ii) Withdrawal of general risk reserves
                  (iii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                         –468,193,534.24    –468,193,534.24     –1,282,100.00   –469,475,634.24
                  (iv) Others
           (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’ equity
                  (i) Conversion of capital reserves into paid-in capital
                          (or share capital)
                  (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into paid-in capital
                          (or share capital)
                  (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                  (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the defined benefit plan
                          for retained earnings
                  (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive income
                          for retained earnings
                  (vi) Others
           (5) Special reserves
                  (i) Amount withdrawn in 2024
                  (ii) Amount used in 2024
           (6) Others
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             For the six months ended June 30, 2024


      IV. Balance as at June 30, 2024                                         2,926,209,589.00                                           1,248,608,760.72                       –7,843,093.80                    4,338,775,790.54   13,260,933.32 12,953,115,714.94 21,472,127,694.72     555,774,229.10 22,027,901,923.82



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

     Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun                                                                                  Chief Accountant: Li Jinsong                                                                  Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Interim Report 2024
43
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)
44                                                                                                                                                                    For the Period from January 1, 2023 to June 30, 2023
                                                                                                                                              Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company
                                                                                                Other equity instruments                                                               Other                                                                                                                      Total
                                                                                       Preferred          Perpetual                                       Less: Treasury comprehensive                                           General risk     Undistributed                                           shareholders’
      Item                                                            Share capital        stock              bonds          Others Capital reserves                stock            income Special reserves Surplus reserves       reserves             profits         Sub-total   Minority interest           equity
      I. Balance as at December 31, 2022                            2,926,209,589.00                                                  1,192,037,425.52                     –51,122,564.89                     4,065,899,430.72   9,863,800.26 11,085,610,718.71 19,228,498,399.32      512,657,310.75 19,741,155,710.07
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies                                                                                                                                   3,652.92                                                           876,517.99        880,170.91          194,445.56      1,074,616.47
                 Correction of accounting errors in prior periods
                 Business combination under common control
                 Others
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TravelSky Technology Limited

      II. Balance as at January 1, 2023                             2,926,209,589.00                                                  1,192,037,425.52                     –51,118,911.97                     4,065,899,430.72   9,863,800.26 11,086,487,236.70 19,229,378,570.23      512,851,756.31 19,742,230,326.54
      III. Increase/decrease in 2023 (“–” for decreases)                                                                                                                      8,833,101.19                       38,865,081.58                 1,006,431,160.86 1,054,129,343.63         7,268,570.14 1,061,397,913.77
           (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                     8,833,101.19                                                     1,200,385,350.66 1,209,218,451.85         7,268,570.14 1,216,487,021.99
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           For the six months ended June 30, 2024


           (2) Capital contributed or reduced by shareholders
                 (i) Common stock contributions by
                         shareholders
                 (ii) Capital contributed by the holders of other
                         equity instruments
                 (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                         recognized in shareholders’ equity
                 (iv) Others
           (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                              38,865,081.58                   –193,954,189.80    –155,089,108.22                       –155,089,108.22
                 (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                                             38,865,081.58                    –38,865,081.58
                 (ii) Withdrawal of general risk reserves
                 (iii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                      –155,089,108.22    –155,089,108.22                       –155,089,108.22
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                 (iv) Others
           (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’ equity
                 (i) Conversion of capital reserves into paid-in
                         capital (or share capital)
                 (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into paid-in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY




                         capital (or share capital)
                 (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                 (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the defined
                         benefit plan for retained earnings
                 (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive
                         income for retained earnings
                 (vi) Others
           (5) Special reserves
                 (i) Amount withdrawn in 2023
                 (ii) Amount used in 2023
           (6) Others
      IV. Balance as at June 30, 2023                               2,926,209,589.00                                                  1,192,037,425.52                     –42,285,810.78                     4,104,764,512.30   9,863,800.26 12,092,918,397.56 20,283,507,913.86      520,120,326.45 20,803,628,240.31



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

     Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun                                                                                  Chief Accountant: Li Jinsong                                                             Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei
                                                                                                                                For the Period from January 1, 2024 to June 30, 2024
                                                                                            Other equity instruments                                  Less:              Other                                                              Total
                                                                                      Preferred     Perpetual                                      Treasury     comprehensive         Special                     Undistributed     shareholders’
      Item                                                            Share capital       stock         bonds        Others   Capital reserves        stock            income       reserves Surplus reserves            profits           equity
      I. Balance as at December 31, 2023                           2,926,209,589.00                                           1,298,570,506.29                 –34,440,759.56                4,216,288,476.30 8,317,634,179.46 16,724,261,991.49
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                    Correction of accounting errors in prior
                      periods
                    Others
      II. Balance as at January 1, 2024                            2,926,209,589.00                                           1,298,570,506.29                 –34,440,759.56                4,216,288,476.30 8,317,634,179.46 16,724,261,991.49
      III. Increase/decrease in 2024 (“–” for decreases)                                                                         48,777,268.21                  44,182,320.00                  116,981,122.04   606,713,141.84    816,653,852.09
           (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                       44,182,320.00                                 1,191,887,798.12 1,236,070,118.12
           (2) Capital contributed or reduced by shareholders                                                                   48,777,268.21                                                                                      48,777,268.21
                (i) Common stock contributions by
                        shareholders
                (ii) Capital contributed by the holders of other
                        equity instruments
                (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                        recognized in shareholders’ equity
                (iv) Others                                                                                                     48,777,268.21                                                                                        48,777,268.21
           (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                             116,981,122.04   –585,174,656.28    –468,193,534.24
                (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                             116,981,122.04   –116,981,122.04
                (ii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                        –468,193,534.24    –468,193,534.24
                (iii) Others
           (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’ equity
                (i) Conversion of capital reserves into paid-in
                        capital (or share capital)
                (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into
                        paid-in capital (or share capital)
                (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the defined
                        benefit plan for retained earnings
                (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive
                        income for retained earnings
                (vi) Others
           (5) Special reserves
                (i) Amount withdrawn in 2024
                (ii) Amount used in 2024
           (6) Others
      IV. Balance as at June 30, 2024                              2,926,209,589.00                                           1,347,347,774.50                   9,741,560.44                4,333,269,598.34 8,924,347,321.30 17,540,915,843.58
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     For the six months ended June 30, 2024




     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

     Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun                                                        Chief Accountant: Li Jinsong                                         Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2024
45
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY
46                                                                                                                              For the Period from January 1, 2023 to June 30, 2023
                                                                                            Other equity instruments                                  Less:               Other                                                                Total
                                                                                      Preferred     Perpetual                                      treasury     comprehensive         Special                       Undistributed      shareholders’
      Item                                                           Share capital        stock         bonds        Others   Capital reserves        stock             income       reserves Surplus reserves             profits            equity
      I. Balance as at December 31, 2022                           2,926,209,589.00                                           1,298,570,506.29                  –33,296,710.00                 4,060,393,238.52   7,458,316,963.38 15,710,193,587.19
           Plus: Changes in accounting policies                                                                                                                                                                         490,341.64        490,341.64
                    Correction of accounting errors in prior
                      periods
                    Others
      II. Balance as at January 1, 2023                            2,926,209,589.00                                           1,298,570,506.29                  –33,296,710.00                 4,060,393,238.52   7,458,807,305.02 15,710,683,928.83
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TravelSky Technology Limited

      III. Increase/decrease in 2023 (“–” for decreases)                                                                                                          3,240,523.68                 1,144,312,734.31     911,493,462.93 2,059,046,720.92
           (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                         3,240,523.68                 1,105,447,652.73   1,105,447,652.73 2,214,135,829.14
           (2) Capital contributed or reduced by
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       For the six months ended June 30, 2024


                    shareholders
                (i) Common stock contributions by
                        shareholders
                (ii) Capital contributed by the holders of other
                        equity instruments
                (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                        recognized in shareholders’ equity
                (iv) Others
           (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                               38,865,081.58    –193,954,189.80    –155,089,108.22
                (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                               38,865,081.58     –38,865,081.58
                (ii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                          –155,089,108.22    –155,089,108.22
                (iii) Others
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


           (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’ equity
                (i) Conversion of capital reserves into
                        paid-in capital (or share capital)
                (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into
                        paid-in capital (or share capital)
                (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the defined
                        benefit plan for retained earnings
                (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive
                        income for retained earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY




                (vi) Others
           (5) Special reserves
                (i) Amount withdrawn in 2023
                (ii) Amount used in 2023
           (6) Others
      IV. Balance as at June 30, 2023                              2,926,209,589.00                                           1,298,570,506.29                  –30,056,186.32                 5,204,705,972.83   8,370,300,767.95 17,769,730,649.75



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

     Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun                                                        Chief Accountant: Li Jinsong                                         Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024




NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



1   COMPANY PROFILE
    TravelSky Technology Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Company” or “the Company”) was
    incorporated in Beijing, the People’s Republic of China on October 18, 2000, with offering of 577,303,500
    shares totaled share capital of RMB577,303,500.00 and par value of RMB1 per share at the time of
    establishment.

    On February 7, 2001, the Company completed its initial offering of 310,854,000 H ordinary shares (par
    value RMB 1 per share) to overseas investors and listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Ltd. (the
    “SEHK”), increasing its total share capital to RMB888,157,500.00 after the offering.

    On June 5, 2007, at the annual and extraordinary general shareholders’ meeting of the Company, the
    Company approved to distribute bonus at RMB1 par value per share to shareholders with the capital
    reserves-equity premiums of RMB888,157,500.00, totaling 888,157,500 shares for each existing share for
    one share, and meanwhile increased the share capital of the Company. After the conversion, the
    number of ordinary shares of the Company increased from 888,157,500 shares to 1,776,315,000 shares
    and the total share capital increased to RMB1,776,315,000.00.

    According to the Company’s extraordinary shareholders meeting resolution in July 2008, the Company
    issued 174,491,393 ordinary shares to China TravelSky Holding Company Limited (formerly known as
    China TravelSky Holding Company, hereinafter referred to as “CTH”) as all equities of Accounting Center
    of China Aviation acquired by the Company from CTH and the consideration for property located at
    Dongxing Lane, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China. Upon completion of the acquisition in March 2009, the
    number of ordinary shares of the Company increased from 1,776,315,000 shares to 1,950,806,393
    shares and the total share capital increased to RMB1,950,806,393.00.

    On June 28, 2011, in accordance with the resolution of the annual general meeting, the Company was
    approved issue bonus by way of allocation of its reserves and retained earnings to capital, increase its
    share capital of RMB975,403,196.00 with discretionary surplus (RMB487,701,598.00) and undistributed
    profits (RMB487,701,598.00), and distribute the bonus to the shareholders of the Company whose names
    appeared on its register of shareholders on June 28, 2011, with one bonus share for every two shares
    of the Company held at that time, and the total share capital of the Company after the capital increase
    increased to RMB2,926,209,589.00.

    As at June 30, 2024, the Company cumulatively issued share capital by the Company was 2,926,209,589
    shares, and the registered share capital was RMB2,926,209,589.00.

    The existing unified social credit code: 9111000071092729XP. Registered office: No. 7 Yumin Street,
    Houshayu Town, Shunyi District, Beijing. Legal representative:Huang Rongshun.




                                                                                                          47
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



1     COMPANY PROFILE (CONTINUED)
      The Company’s business scope includes: Licensed business items: Internet information service business
      (specific service items are subject to the operation license of telecommunications and information
      service business). General business items: contracting of computer software and hardware engineering
      projects; research, development, production, sales, or leasing of computer software, hardware,
      peripherals, and network products, and technical consulting and technical services related to the above
      businesses; import and export business; business information and tourism information consulting;
      professional contracting of items such as system integration, electronic engineering, and airport air
      traffic control engineering, and terminal building weak electrical system engineering projects. (The
      Company may independently choose business items and conduct business activities in accordance with
      the law; any item that need to be approved according to law shall be carried out after acquiring the
      approval of related administration; any operating activity of the item banned and restricted by Beijing
      industrial policy may not be conducted.)

      The business nature of the Company is: Aviation information technology services.

      The industry in which the Company operates is: Other air transportation auxiliary activities.

      The Company’s main business activities are: the Company provides a full range of services such as air
      passenger business processing, air travel electronic distribution, airport passenger processing, air cargo
      data processing, Internet travel platform, international and domestic passenger and cargo revenue
      management system and application, and agency settlement and clearing for airlines, airports, air ticket
      sales agents, tourism enterprises and civil aviation-related institutions and international organizations.

      The parent company of the Company is China TravelSky Holding Company Limited, and the effective
      controller of the Company is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the
      State Council of China.

      The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”.

      The financial statements have been approved by the Company’s board of directors on August 28, 2024.




48
                                                                                         Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



2   BASIS OF PREPARATION FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    2.1 Basis of preparation
         The Company prepares financial statements in accordance with the “Accounting Standards for
         Business Enterprises — Basic Standards” and all the specific accounting standards,Application
         Guidance to the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, the interpretation of the
         Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and other relevant provisions (hereinafter referred
         to as the “Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises”). In addition, the financial statements
         comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
         on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited issued by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
         Limited and with the applicable disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

    2.2 Going concern
         The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    The following contents disclosed have covered the specific accounting policies and accounting estimates
    formulated according to the characteristics of actual production and business operation by the
    Company.

    3.1 Statement on compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business
        Enterprises
         The financial statements meet the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business
         Enterprises issued by the Ministry of Finance, and truly and completely reflect the consolidated
         financial position and the parent company’s financial position as at June 30, 2024, and the
         consolidated operating results and the parent company’s operating results, the consolidated cash
         flows and the parent company’s cash flows for the period from January 1, 2024 to June 30, 2024.

    3.2 Accounting period
         The accounting year is from January 1 to December 31 in calendar year.

    3.3 Operating cycle
         The Company’s operating cycle is 12 months.

    3.4 Functional currency
         The Company adopts RMB as its functional currency. Subsidiaries of the Company determine their
         financial statements according to the main economic environment in which they operate. This
         financial statement is presented in RMB.




                                                                                                        49
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.5 Accounting treatment methods for business combinations under common
          control and not under common control
            Business combination under common control: for the assets and liabilities acquired from business
            combination by the combining party (including the goodwill formed by the acquisition by the final
            controller of the combinee), they are measured at book value of assets and liabilities in the
            consolidated financial statements of the final controller on the combination date. The stock
            premium in capital reserves is adjusted according to the difference between the book value of net
            assets acquired through combination and the book value of consideration paid for the combination
            (or total par value of shares issued). If the stock premium in capital reserves is insufficient to
            cover the difference, the remaining amount will be charged against retained earnings.

            Business combination not under common control: the combination costs are the fair value, on the
            acquisition date, of any assets acquired, any liabilities incurred or assumed, and any equity
            securities issued by the acquirer, in exchanges for the right of control over the acquiree. The
            Company shall recognize the difference of the combination costs in excess of the fair value of the
            identifiable net assets acquired from the acquiree as goodwill. The Company shall recognize the
            difference of the combination costs in short of the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired
            from the acquiree in the current profit or loss. The identifiable assets, liabilities, and contingent
            liabilities of the acquiree that are obtained by the acquirer from combination and conform to the
            recognition criteria shall be measured at the fair value on the acquisition date.

            Direct relevant expenses arising from the business combination are included in the current profit
            or loss upon occurrence. Trading expenses on issuing equity securities or debt securities for the
            business combination are included in the initially recognized amount of the equity securities or the
            debt securities.




50
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements
        3.6.1 Scope of consolidation
             The consolidation scope of consolidated financial statements is determined on the basis of
             control, covering the Company and all the subsidiaries. Control means the Company has the
             power over the investee and enjoys the variable return through participating in activities
             related to the investee, and has the ability to affect the Company’s return by using the power
             over the investee.

        3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation
             The Company regards the entire enterprise group as an accounting entity and prepares
             consolidated financial statements in accordance with unified accounting policies to reflect the
             overall financial status, operating results and cash flow of the enterprise group. The
             influence of internal transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries or between
             subsidiaries shall be offset. If internal transactions indicate that the relevant assets have
             suffered impairment losses, this part of losses shall be confirmed in full. If the accounting
             policies or accounting periods of a subsidiary are different from those of the Company, the
             consolidated financial statements of the subsidiary, upon preparation, will be adjusted
             according to the accounting policies and accounting periods of the Company.

             The share of shareholders’ equity, current net profit or loss and current comprehensive
             income of subsidiaries attributable to minority shareholders are respectively and separately
             presented under the shareholders’ equity in the consolidated balance sheet, the net profit in
             the consolidated income statement, and the total comprehensive income in the consolidated
             income statement. If the current loss shared by a minority shareholder of a subsidiary
             exceeds the balances arising from the shares enjoyed by the minority shareholder in the
             shareholders’ equity of the subsidiary at the beginning of the period, minority equity will be
             written down accordingly.




                                                                                                         51
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
            3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
                 (1)   Increase of subsidiaries or business
                        During the reporting period, where the Company acquired subsidiaries or business from
                        the business combination under common control, the operating results and cash flows
                        of the newly acquired subsidiaries or business from the beginning of the period for
                        business combination to the end of the reporting period are included in the
                        consolidated financial statements; the beginning amount of the consolidated financial
                        statements and relevant items in the comparative statements are adjusted accordingly,
                        as if the reporting entity after the business combination exists as of the time when the
                        ultimate controller has the control.

                        Where control can be exercised on the investee under the common control for
                        additional investment or other reasons, equity investments held before the control over
                        the combined party is obtained, the related profits or losses, other comprehensive
                        income as well as other changes in net assets recognized from the later between the
                        date when the original equity is obtained and the date when the acquirer and the
                        acquiree are under common control to the combination date will respectively write
                        down the beginning retained earnings or the current profit or loss during the period for
                        comparing financial statements.

                        During the reporting period, if the Company acquired subsidiaries or business from the
                        business combination not under common control, all identifiable assets, liabilities and
                        contingent liabilities will be included in the consolidated financial statements from the
                        purchase date based on their fair value determined on purchase date.

                        Where the Company can control the investee not under common control for additional
                        investments, it shall re-measure equity of the acquiree held before the acquisition date
                        at the fair value of such equity on the acquisition date and include the difference
                        between the fair value and book value in the current investment income. Where equity
                        of the acquiree held before the acquisition date involves in other comprehensive income
                        that can be reclassified into profit or loss and other changes in shareholders’ equity
                        accounted for under the equity method shall be transferred to the investment income in
                        the year which the acquisition date falls in.




52
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024



                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
        3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
             (2)   Disposal of subsidiaries
                   ①     General treatment methods
                         When the Company losses the control over the investee due to disposal of partial
                         equity investment or other reasons, the remaining equity investment after the
                         disposal should be re-measured by the Company at the fair value thereof on the
                         date of losing the control. The difference of total amount of the consideration
                         from disposal of equities plus the fair value of the remaining equities less the
                         shares calculated at the original shareholding ratio in net assets and goodwill of
                         the original subsidiary which are continuously calculated as of the acquisition date
                         or combination date shall be included in the investment income of the period at
                         the loss of control. Other comprehensive income that will be reclassified into
                         profit or loss later associated with the equity investments of the original
                         subsidiary, or the changes in other shareholders’ equity calculated under the
                         equity method, shall be transferred into investment income of the current period
                         when control is lost.

                   ②     Disposal of subsidiaries by stages
                         If the control is lost due to disposal of the equity investments in subsidiaries
                         through multiple transactions by stages, and the terms, conditions and economic
                         impact of the transactions related to the disposal of equity investments in
                         subsidiaries meet one or more of the following circumstances, it usually indicates
                         that multiple transactions will be treated a package deal:

                         i.     The transactions are concluded at the same time or under the consideration
                                of mutual effect;

                         ii.    These transactions as a whole can reach a complete business result;

                         iii.   The occurrence of a transaction depends on that of other transaction or more;
                                and/or

                         iv.    A single transaction is uneconomical but it is economical when considered
                                together with other transactions.




                                                                                                          53
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
            3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
                  (2)   Disposal of subsidiaries (Continued)
                        ②      Disposal of subsidiaries by stages (Continued)
                               Where various transactions belong to a package deal, accounting treatment shall
                               be made by the Company on the transactions as a transaction to dispose
                               subsidiaries and lose the control; the difference between each disposal cost and
                               net asset share in the subsidiaries corresponding to each disposal of investments
                               before loss of the control should be recognized as other comprehensive income in
                               the consolidated financial statements and should be transferred into the current
                               profit or loss at the loss of the control.

                               Where various transactions do not belong to a package deal, before the loss of the
                               control, accounting treatment shall be made according to the partial disposal of
                               equity investments in the subsidiary without losing control; at the loss of the
                               control, accounting treatment shall be made according to general treatment
                               methods for disposal of subsidiaries.

                 (3)    Purchase of minority interest of subsidiaries
                        The share premium in the capital reserves under the consolidated balance sheet will be
                        adjusted at the difference between the long-term equity investment acquired by the
                        Company for the purchase of minority interest and the share of net assets calculated
                        constantly from the acquisition date or combination date according to the newly
                        increased shareholding ratio. If the share premium is insufficient to offset, retained
                        earnings will be adjusted.

                 (4)    Partial disposal of equity investments in subsidiaries without losing control
                        The equity premium of capital reserves in the consolidated balance sheet will be
                        adjusted according to the difference between the disposal price and the share of net
                        assets of subsidiaries calculated from the acquisition date or the combination date
                        corresponding to the disposal of long-term equity investments; if the equity premium of
                        capital reserves is insufficient, the retained earnings will be adjusted.




54
                                                                                        Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.7 Recognition criteria of cash and cash equivalents
        Cash refers the Company’s cash on hand and the unrestricted deposits. Cash equivalents refer to
        short-term and highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of the
        cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value.

    3.8 Foreign currency transactions and translation of foreign currency statements
        3.8.1 Foreign currency transactions
             Foreign currency transactions are translated into CNY for accounting purpose at the spot
             exchange rate on the day when the transaction occurs.

             The balance of foreign currency items on the balance sheet date are translated at the spot
             exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Except those arising from specific-purpose
             borrowings in foreign currencies related to assets eligible for capitalization that shall be
             measured in accordance with principle of capitalization of the borrowing costs, other
             exchange differences shall be recognized in profit or loss for the current period.

        3.8.2 Translation of foreign currency financial statements
             When the Company measures the foreign currency statements of its overseas business, the
             assets and liabilities in the balance sheet are translated at the spot exchange rates on the
             balance sheet date; owners’ equity items, except for the item of “undistributed profits”, are
             translated at the spot exchange rates on the date when the business occurs. The income and
             expenses items in income statements are translated at the spot exchange rate on the day
             when the transaction occurs.

             At the disposal of overseas business, the translation differences of foreign currency
             statements relating to the overseas business shall be transferred from the owner’s equity
             item to the current profit or loss at disposal.




                                                                                                       55
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments
            When the Company becomes a party to a financial instrument, it shall recognize a financial asset,
            financial liability, or equity Instrument.

            3.9.1 Classification of financial instruments
                  According to the business model of financial assets and contractual cash flow characteristics
                  of the same, which are subject to the management of the Company, financial assets are
                  classified at initial recognition as: financial assets measured at the amortized cost, financial
                  assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets
                  measured at fair value through profit or loss.

                  Financial assets not designated to be measured at fair value through the current profit or
                  loss in line with the following conditions will be reclassified into the financial assets
                  measured at amortized cost:

                  —     The business model aims to collect contractual cash flows;

                  —     The contract cash flow is only the payment for the principal and the interest based on
                        the outstanding principal amount.

                  Financial assets not designated to be measured at fair value through profit or loss in line
                  with the following conditions will be reclassified into the financial assets (debt instruments)
                  measured at fair value through other comprehensive income:

                  —     Where the purpose of the business model is to collect contractual cash flows and sell
                        such financial assets;

                  —     Contractual cash flow is only the payment for the principal and the interest based on
                        the outstanding principal amount.

                  At the initial recognition, the Company irrevocably designates the non-trading equity
                  instrument investments as financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value
                  through the other comprehensive income. The designation is made based on a single
                  investment and the relevant investment is in line with the definition of the equity instrument
                  from the issuer’s perspective.




56
                                                                                               Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.1 Classification of financial instruments (Continued)
             Except for the financial assets measured at amortized cost and the financial assets
             measured at fair value through other comprehensive income mentioned above, all the
             remaining financial assets are classified as financial assets measured at fair value through
             profit or loss. At the initial recognition, in order to eliminate or obviously reduce accounting
             mismatch, the Company may irrevocably designate the financial assets that shall be
             classified to be measured at amortized cost or measured at fair value through other
             comprehensive income as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.

             At the initial recognition, financial liabilities are classified as: financial liabilities measured at
             fair value through profit or loss and financial liabilities measured at the amortized cost.

        3.9.2 Recognition basis and measurement method of financial instruments
             (1)   Financial assets measured at amortized cost
                   Financial assets measured at amortized cost include notes receivable and accounts
                   receivable, other receivables, long-term receivables, and creditors’ investment, etc., of
                   which initial measurement is made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are
                   included in the initially recognized amount; exclude accounts receivable with significant
                   financing component and accounts receivable with the financing component not
                   exceeding one year and not considered by the Company, of which initial measurement
                   is made at the contract transaction price.

                   During the holding period, the interest calculated with the effective interest method
                   should be included in the current profit or loss.

                   At recovery or disposal, the difference between the purchase price obtained and the
                   book value of such financial assets is included in the current profit or loss.




                                                                                                               57
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
            3.9.2 Recognition basis and measurement method of financial instruments (Continued)
                 (2)   Financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                       comprehensive income
                        Financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                        comprehensive income include receivables financing and other creditors’ investment, of
                        which initial measurement is made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are
                        included in the initially recognized amount. The subsequent measurement of such
                        financial assets is made at fair value. Changes in fair value are included in other
                        comprehensive income except for the interest calculated by the effective interest
                        method, impairment losses or reversal, and exchange gains or losses.

                        At derecognition, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in other
                        comprehensive income are transferred from the other comprehensive income to the
                        current profit or loss.

                 (3)   Financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value through other
                       comprehensive income
                        Financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value through other
                        comprehensive income, including the investment in other equity instruments, are
                        initially measured at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are included in the
                        initially recognized amount. The subsequent measurement of such financial assets is
                        made at fair value, and the changes in fair value are included in other comprehensive
                        income. The dividends obtained are included in the current profit or loss.

                        At derecognition, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in other
                        comprehensive income are transferred from the other comprehensive income to the
                        retained earnings.

                 (4)   Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
                        Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss include trading financial
                        assets, derivative financial assets and other non-current financial assets, of which initial
                        measurement is made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are included in the
                        current profit or loss. The subsequent measurement of such financial assets is made at
                        fair value, and changes in fair value are included in the current profit or loss.




58
                                                                                            Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.2 Recognition basis and measurement method of financial instruments (Continued)
             (5)   Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
                   Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss include trading
                   financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities, of which initial measurement is
                   made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are included in the current profit or
                   loss. The subsequent measurement of such financial liabilities is made at fair value,
                   and changes in fair value are included in the current profit or loss.

                   At derecognition, the difference between the book value and the consideration paid of
                   such financial liabilities is included in the current profit or loss.

             (6)   Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
                   Financial liabilities measured at the amortized cost include short-term borrowings,
                   notes payable and accounts payable, other payables, long-term borrowings, bonds
                   payable and long-term payables, of which initial measurement is made at fair value,
                   and related transaction costs are included in the initially recognized amount.

                   During the holding period, the interest calculated by the effective interest method is
                   included in the current profit or loss.

                   At derecognition, the difference between the consideration paid and the book value of
                   such financial liabilities is included in the current profit or loss.

        3.9.3 Derecognition and transfer of financial assets
             Where one of the following conditions is met, the Company shall derecognize financial
             assets:

             —     The contractual right of collecting cash flows of financial assets is terminated;

             —     The financial assets have been transferred, and nearly all of the risks and rewards related
                   to the ownership of the financial assets have been transferred to the transferee;




                                                                                                           59
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
            3.9.3 Derecognition and transfer of financial assets (Continued)
                  —     The financial assets have been transferred, and the Company does not retain the control
                        over the financial assets through it has neither transferred nor retained nearly all risks
                        and rewards related to the ownership of the financial assets.

                  At the transfer of financial assets, where nearly all the risks and rewards related to the
                  ownership of the financial assets have been retained, such financial assets shall not be
                  derecognized.

                  In determining whether the transfer of a financial asset meets the above derecognition
                  criteria of financial assets, the principle of substance over form will be adopted.

                  The Company divides the transfer of financial assets into overall transfer and partial
                  transfer. Where the entire transfer of financial assets meets the derecognition conditions, the
                  difference of the following two amounts is included in the current profit or loss:

                  (1)   The book value of the transferred financial asset;

                  (2)   The sum of consideration received from the transfer, and the accumulated change
                        amount of fair value originally recorded in shareholders’ equity (the financial assets
                        involved in the transfer are financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value
                        through the other comprehensive income).

                  Where the partial transfer of a financial asset meets the derecognition criteria, the entire
                  book value of the financial asset transferred shall be allocated between the derecognized
                  part and the recognized part based on the relative fair value, and the difference between the
                  following two amounts shall be included in the current profit or loss:

                  (1)   The book value of derecognized part;

                  (2)   The sum of the consideration for the derecognized part and the amount corresponding
                        to the de-recognition part in the accumulated change amount of fair value originally
                        and directly included in shareholders’ equity (where the financial assets transferred are
                        the financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                        comprehensive income).




60
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.3 Derecognition and transfer of financial assets (Continued)
             Where the transfer of financial assets does not meet the derecognition criteria, the financial
             assets shall continue to be recognized, and the consideration received shall be recognized as
             a financial liability.

        3.9.4 Derecognition of financial liabilities
             Where the present obligations of financial liabilities have been discharged in whole or in
             part, the financial liabilities or any part thereof shall be derecognized; if the Company signs
             an agreement with creditors to replace the existing financial liabilities by undertaking new
             financial liabilities, and the new financial liabilities are substantially different from the
             existing ones in terms of contract terms, the existing financial liabilities shall be
             derecognized, and at the same time, the new financial liabilities shall be recognized.

             Where substantive changes are made to the contract terms of existing financial liabilities in
             whole or in part, the existing financial liabilities shall be derecognized in whole or in part,
             and the financial liabilities of which terms have been modified shall be recognized as the new
             financial liabilities.

             Where financial liabilities are derecognized is whole or in part, the difference between the
             book value of the financial liabilities derecognized and the consideration paid (including
             non-cash assets surrendered and the new financial liabilities assumed) shall be included in
             current profit or loss.

             Where the Company redeems part of its financial liabilities, it shall, on the redemption date,
             allocate the entire book value of whole financial liabilities according to the comparative fair
             value of the part that continues to be recognized and the derecognized part. The difference
             between the book value allocated to the derecognized part and the considerations paid
             (including non-cash assets surrendered and the new financial liabilities assumed) shall be
             included in the current profit or loss.




                                                                                                         61
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
            3.9.5 Recognition methods of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities
                  As for the financial instruments for which there is an active market, the quoted prices in the
                  active market shall be used to determine the fair values thereof. Where there is no active
                  market for a financial instrument, the valuation techniques shall be adopted to determine its
                  fair value. At the time of valuation, the Company shall adopt the valuation technique that is
                  applicable to the current circumstance and is supported by sufficient available data and
                  other information to select the input values consistent with the assets or liabilities
                  characteristics that are considered by market participants in transactions of relevant assets
                  and liabilities and shall give priority in use of observable input values. And the unobservable
                  input values may be used only when the observable input values are unable or unpractical to
                  be obtained.

            3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets
                  The Company estimates the expected credit loss of financial assets measured at the
                  amortized cost, financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                  comprehensive income and financial guarantee contract individually or in portfolio.

                  By considering such reasonable and well-founded information as relevant matters in the
                  past, current conditions and prediction of future economic conditions, the Company
                  calculates the probability weighted amount, weighted by default risk, of the present value of
                  the difference between the cash flows receivable under the contract and the cash flows
                  expected to be received, to determine the expected credit loss.

                  If there is obvious increase in credit risk following the initial recognition of such financial
                  instrument, the Company will measure the loss provision at the amount which is equivalent
                  to the amount of the expected credit loss over the entire duration of such financial
                  instrument; if there is no obvious increase in credit risk following the initial recognition of
                  such financial instrument, the Company will measure the loss provision at the amount which
                  is equivalent to the amount of the expected credit loss within 12 months in the future of
                  such financial instrument. Amount increased or reversed of loss provision arising therefrom
                  will be included in the current profit or loss as impairment loss or gain.




62
                                                                                        Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets (Continued)
             By comparing the default risk in financial instruments on the balance sheet date with the
             default risk in financial instruments on the initial recognition date, the Company determines
             the relative change in default risk in financial instruments during the estimated duration to
             assess whether the credit risk of financial instruments has greatly increased following the
             initial recognition of such financial instruments. Generally, once the period is overdue for
             over 30 days, the Company may consider that there is obvious increase in credit risk of such
             financial instrument, unless there is unambiguous evidence that there is no obvious increase
             in credit risk of such financial instrument following the initial recognition.

             If the credit risk of the financial instrument is low on the balance sheet date, the Company
             will immediately consider that there is no obvious increase in credit risk of such financial
             instrument following the initial recognition.

             If there is objective evidence that any financial asset has had credit impairment, the
             Company will make the provision for impairment for such financial asset individually.

             For receivables and contract assets arising from the transactions specified in the Accounting
             Standards for Business Enterprises No. 14 — Revenue (2017), whether or not they contain
             significant financing components, the Company always makes the provision for credit loss at
             the amount equivalent to the expected credit loss over the whole duration.

             For lease receivables, the Company always makes the provision for credit loss at the amount
             equivalent to the expected credit loss over the whole duration.




                                                                                                       63
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
            3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                  The Company combines the accounts receivable and contract assets according to similar
                  credit risk characteristics and based on forward-looking information and all other reasonable
                  and reliable information, estimates the proportion of provision for bad debts of accounts
                  receivable as follows:

                   Determination basis of
                   portfolio                Portfolio analysis method
                   Portfolio of receivables For the accounts receivable from related parties (including the
                     from related parties open accounts with the shareholder company, the open accounts
                                            between the parent company and the subsidiaries or between
                                            subsidiaries), in principle, no provision for bad debts shall be
                                            made. However, if there is conclusive evidence that the debt unit of
                                            the related party has been revoked, bankrupt, insolvent, and the
                                            cash flow is seriously insufficient, and the receivables will not be
                                            recovered by debt restructuring or other means, the corresponding
                                            provision for bad debts shall be accrued according to the
                                            estimated possible losses from bad debts, and the provision for
                                            bad debts may also be accrued for all the receivables from related
                                            parties that are estimated to be unrecoverable.
                   Portfolio of receivables Based on the experience of historical credit losses, the Group
                     from third parties     adopts a simplified method to calculate the expected credit losses
                                            by using the reserve matrix for the expected credit losses of the
                                            whole duration.


                  The measurement of provision for impairment loss on other receivables is conducted in
                  accordance with the measurement method of impairment loss on the aforesaid financial
                  assets (excluding accounts receivables).

                  The balance of other receivables mainly includes: The payment by the Company’s wholly
                  owned subsidiary, Accounting Center of China Aviation paid on behalf of airlines for the
                  settlement and clearing services provided to them, and the principal of the factoring of
                  accounts receivable collected by Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of
                  Accounting Center of China Aviation As these accounts are within the normal collection
                  period, and from experience observations, no credit risk has occurred, or the borrower has
                  strong financial support to repay the funds in the short term. Hence, they are treated low
                  credit risk and no expected credit loss is accrued.




64
                                                                                       Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets (Continued)
             For various types of margin, deposit and reserve borrowings, in principle, no provision for
             bad debts is made. However, if there is conclusive evidence that bad debts have been
             formed, corresponding bad debt provisions will be made based on the estimated bad debt
             losses that may occur.

             If the Company no longer reasonably expects that the contractual cash flow of the financial
             asset can be fully or partially recovered, the book balance of the financial asset will be
             directly written down.

    3.10 Inventories
        3.10.1 Classification and cost of inventories
             Inventories are classified as raw materials, low-cost consumables, stock commodities, goods
             dispatched, contract performance cost, contract acquisition cost, etc.

             Inventories are initially measured at cost, and the inventory cost includes the procurement
             cost, processing cost and other expenses arising from making the inventory at their present
             location and condition.

        3.10.2 Measurement method of dispatched inventories
             The dispatched inventories are measured by individual identification method.

        3.10.3 Inventory system
             Perpetual inventory system is adopted.

        3.10.4 Amortization methods for low-cost consumables and packaging materials
             (1)   One-off write-off method is adopted for low-cost consumables;

             (2)   The revolving packaging materials are included in the cost according to the expected
                   number of times of use.




                                                                                                      65
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.10 Inventories (Continued)
            3.10.5 Recognition basis of net realizable value of different types of inventories
                  On the balance sheet date, inventories shall be measured at the cost or the net realizable
                  value, whichever is lower. Where the inventory cost is higher than its realizable value, the
                  provision for inventory impairment shall be made. During routine activities, net realizable
                  values of inventories refer to the amounts of the estimated selling prices of inventories
                  minus the estimated costs to completion, estimated selling expenses and relevant taxes and
                  surcharges.

                  Net realizable values of merchandise inventories held directly for sale, such as finished
                  goods, stock commodities, and available-for-sale materials, are measured at the estimated
                  selling prices less estimated sales expenses and relevant taxes and surcharges in the
                  normal production process. Net realizable values of material inventories which need further
                  processing are measured at the estimated selling prices less the estimated costs of
                  completion, estimated sales expenses and relevant taxes and surcharges in the normal
                  production process. Net realizable values of inventories held for the purpose of fulfillment of
                  sales contracts or service contracts are calculated on the basis of the contract prices; if the
                  quantity of inventories held exceeds that stated in the contract, the net realizable values of
                  the excessive part are calculated on the basis of normal selling prices.

                  When the provision for inventory impairment is made, where the previous factor rendering
                  the write-down of the inventory value has been eliminated, for which the net realizable value
                  of the inventory is higher than the book value of the same, the provision for inventory
                  impairment shall be reversed from the amount of provision for inventory impairment
                  originally made, and the reversed amount shall be included in the current profit or loss.




66
                                                                                            Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.11 Contract assets
        3.11.1 Recognition method and criteria for contract assets
             The Company presents contract assets or contract liabilities in the balance sheet based on
             the relationship between its performance of fulfillment obligations and customer payments.
             The right of the Company to the charge of consideration via goods transfer or service
             rendering to the customer (and the right depends on other factors except for the time
             lapses) is presented as contract asset. Contractual assets and contractual liabilities under
             the same contract shall be presented at net amount. The unconditional (only depending on
             the time lapses) right to the charge of consideration from the customer, possessed by the
             Company, is presented as receivables.

        3.11.2 Determination method and accounting treatment for the expected credit loss of contract
               assets
             See “3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of depreciation of financial assets”, for the
             determination method and accounting treatment for the expected credit loss of contract
             assets.

    3.12 Assets held for sale and discontinued operation
        3.12.1 Assets held for sale
             Where the Company recovers the book value of any non-current asset or disposed asset
             portfolio mainly through selling (including the exchange of non-monetary assets with
             commercial essence) but not continuously using the same, such non-current asset or
             disposed asset portfolio shall be divided into assets held for sale.

             The Company recognizes non-current assets or disposed asset portfolios meeting the
             following conditions at the same time as assets held for sale:

             (1)   According to the general practice for selling such kind of asset or disposed asset portfolio
                   in the similar transaction, the asset or portfolio can be immediately sold in the
                   prevailing circumstance;




                                                                                                           67
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.12 Assets held for sale and discontinued operation (Continued)
            3.12.1 Assets held for sale (Continued)
                  (2)   The sale of the asset or portfolio is very likely to happen, which means that the Company
                        has made a resolution for one selling plan and has acquired the decided purchase
                        commitment, and it is estimated that the sale will be completed within one year. Where
                        the sale is subject to the approval of relevant authorities or regulatory authorities of the
                        Company according to relevant provisions, the approval has been obtained.

                  For any non-current asset (excluding financial assets, deferred tax assets) or disposed asset
                  portfolio classified assets as held for sale, where its book value is higher than the net
                  amount of its fair value less the selling expense, the book value shall be written down to the
                  net amount of the fair value less the selling expense, and the amount written down shall be
                  recognized as the losses from asset impairment and included in the current profit or loss,
                  while the provision for impairment of assets held for sale is made.

            3.12.2 Discontinued operation
                  A discontinued operation is a separately distinguishable component that meets one of the
                  following conditions and that has been disposed of by the Company or classified by the
                  Company as held for sale:

                  (1)   The component represents a separate major operation or a separate major operating
                        area;

                  (2)   The component is part of a related plan for the proposed disposition of a separate
                        principal business or a separate principal operating area;

                  (3)   The component is a subsidiary acquired exclusively for resale.

                  Gains and losses from continuing operations and gains and losses from discontinued
                  operations are presented separately in the income statement. Operating gains and losses,
                  such as impairment losses and reversal amount for discontinued operations, as well as gains
                  and losses on disposals, are presented as gains and losses from discontinued operations.
                  For discontinued operations reported in the current period, the Company restates the
                  information that was previously reported as profit or loss from continuing operations as
                  profit or loss from discontinued operations for the comparable accounting period in the
                  financial statements of current period.




68
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.13 Long-term equity investments
        3.13.1 Judgment criteria for joint control and significant influence
             Joint control refers to the control shared over an arrangement in accordance with the
             relevant stipulations, and the decision-making of related activities of the arrangement should
             not be made before the party sharing the control right agrees the same. Where the
             Company exercises common control over the investee together with other parties to the joint
             venture and enjoys the right on the investee’s net assets, the investee is a joint venture of
             the Company.

             Significant influence refers to the power to participate in making decisions on the financial
             and operating policies of the investee, but not the power to control or jointly control the
             formulation of such policies with other parties. Where the Company is able to exert
             significant influence over the investee, the investee is its associate.

        3.13.2 Determination of initial investment cost
             (1)   Long-term equity investment acquired from business combination
                   For the long-term equity investments in subsidiaries formed by the business
                   combination under common control, the share of book value of its shareholders’ equity
                   in the combine in the consolidated financial statements of the ultimate controller shall
                   be recognized, on the combination date, as the initial cost of the long-term equity
                   investment. If there is a difference between the initial investment cost of the long-term
                   equity investment and the book values of the paid consideration, the difference shall be
                   used to adjust the share premium in the capital reserve; and if the share premium in
                   the capital reserve is insufficient to be offset, retained earnings shall be adjusted.

                   For the long-term equity investments in subsidiaries formed by the business
                   combination not under common control, the Company recognizes the combination cost
                   determined on the combination date as the initial investment cost of long-term equity
                   investments.

             (2)   Long-term equity investment acquired by means other than business combination
                   For long-term equity investments acquired through making payments in cash, its initial
                   investment cost is the actually paid purchase cost.

                   For long-term equity investments acquired from issuance of equity securities, its initial
                   investment cost is the fair value of the issued equity securities.




                                                                                                         69
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
            3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses
                 (1)   Long-term equity investments accounted for under the cost method
                        Long-term equity investments of the Company in its subsidiaries are accounted for
                        under the cost method unless such investments meet the conditions of holding for sale.
                        Under the cost method, except for the actual price paid for acquisition of investment or
                        the cash dividends or profits contained in the consideration which have been declared
                        but not yet distributed, the Company recognizes the proportion it shall enjoy in the cash
                        dividends or profits declared by the investee as its investment income.

                 (2)   Long-term equity investments accounted for under equity method
                        Long-term equity investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for under
                        the equity method. If the initial investment cost is in excess of the share of fair value of
                        the net identifiable assets in the investee when the investment is made, the difference
                        will not be adjusted to the initial cost of long-term equity investment; if the initial
                        investment cost is in short of the share of the fair value of the net identifiable assets in
                        the investee when the investment is made, the difference will be included in the
                        current profit or loss, and will be adjusted to the initial cost of long-term equity
                        investment.

                        The Company shall, based on its attributable share of the net profit or loss and other
                        comprehensive income realized by the investee, respectively recognize the investment
                        income and other comprehensive income, and simultaneously adjust the book value of
                        the long-term equity investment. The Company shall, in the light of the profits or cash
                        dividends that the investee declares to distribute, reduce the book value of the
                        long-term equity investment correspondingly. As to other changes in shareholders’
                        equity of the investee other than net profit or loss, other comprehensive income and
                        profit distribution (hereinafter referred to as “Other Changes in shareholders’ Equity”),
                        the Company shall adjust the book value of the long-term equity investment and
                        include such change in the shareholders’ equity.

                        The Company shall, based on the fair value of net identifiable assets of the investee
                        when the investment is made, recognize its attributable share of the net profits or
                        losses, other comprehensive income, and other changes in shareholders’ equity of the
                        investee after the adjustment made to the net profit and other comprehensive income
                        of the investee according to the accounting policies and accounting period adopted by
                        the Company.




70
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
        3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses (Continued)
             (2)   Long-term equity investments accounted for under equity method (Continued)
                   The Company calculates its attributable but not realized profit or loss from internal
                   transactions between the Company and its associates or joint ventures based on its
                   attributable percentage and offset such profit or loss and recognizes the investment
                   income on that basis; however, businesses formed by assets invested or sold are
                   excluded. Unrealized losses from internal transactions between the Company and any
                   investee shall be recognized in full if they belong to the losses from asset impairment.

                   For net losses on joint ventures or associates, apart from the obligation of assuming
                   the extra loss, the Company shall write down such losses with the book value of
                   long-term equity investments and the long-term equity where net investments in joint
                   ventures or associates have been formed substantially; and the maximum of such
                   losses shall be the sum of the book value and long-term equity mentioned above.
                   Where any joint venture or associate realize net profit in the future, the Company shall
                   recognize the income sharing amount when the unrecognized loss sharing amount is
                   offset with the income sharing amount.

            (3)    Disposal of long-term equity investments
                   For disposal of long-term equity investments, the difference between the book value
                   and the actual price shall be included in the current investment income.

                   For long-term equity investments with partial disposal accounting by the equity method,
                   where the remaining equity is still accounted for by the equity method, other
                   comprehensive income recognized originally upon the accounting by the equity method
                   shall be carried forward at the corresponding proportion on the basis same with that
                   for the direct disposal of relevant assets or liabilities by the investee, and other
                   changes in shareholders’ equity shall be carried forward to the current profit or loss in
                   proportion.

                   Where the Company loses the common control over or significant influence on the
                   investee on account of the disposal of equity investment and any other reason, when
                   the accounting by the equity method is terminated, other comprehensive income
                   recognized upon the accounting by the equity method from the original equity
                   investment shall be subject to the accounting treatment which is made on the basis
                   same with that for the direct disposal of relevant assets or liabilities by the investee,
                   and other changes in shareholders’ equity shall be transferred to the current profit or
                   loss in full.




                                                                                                         71
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
            3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses (Continued)
                  (3)   Disposal of long-term equity investments (Continued)
                        Where the Company loses the control over the investee on account of the disposal of
                        partial equity and any other reason, at the preparation of any single financial
                        statements, if the remaining equity has the common control over or significant
                        influence on the investee, the accounting shall be made by the equity method, and an
                        adjustment shall be made as if the remaining equity was accounted for by the equity
                        method at acquisition; other comprehensive income recognized before the control over
                        the investee is obtained shall be carried forward on the basis same with that for the
                        direct disposal of relevant assets or liabilities by the investee, and other changes in
                        shareholders’ equity recognized on account of the accounting by the equity method
                        shall be carried forward to the current profit or loss in proportion; if the remaining
                        equity has no common control over or significant influence on the investee, relevant
                        financial assets shall be recognized, the difference between the fair value on the day of
                        losing control of such remaining equity and the book value of the same shall be
                        included in the current profit or loss, and other comprehensive income and other
                        changes in shareholders’ equity which have been recognized before the control over the
                        investee is obtained shall be carried forward in full.

                        Where the disposal of subsidiaries’ equity investments till the loss of control by stages
                        through multiple transactions belongs to a package deal, the accounting treatment
                        shall be made by taking each transaction as the transaction where the subsidiaries’
                        equity investments are disposed and the corresponding control is lost; before the loss
                        of control, the difference between the disposal price and the book value of the
                        long-term equity investment corresponding to the equity disposed shall be firstly
                        recognized as other comprehensive income in the individual financial statements, and at
                        the loss of control, all transferred to the profit or loss for the period when the control
                        is lost. Where the aforesaid disposal does not belong to a package deal, the accounting
                        treatment shall be made respectively for each transaction.




72
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.14 Investment properties
        Investment property is the property to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both. Examples
        include leased land use right, land use right held for transfer upon appreciation, and leased
        building, (including buildings that have been constructed or developed for future lease out under
        operating leases, and buildings that are being constructed or developed for future lease out under
        operating leases).

        Subsequent expenditures related to investment properties are included in the costs of investment
        properties when relevant economic benefits are likely to flow in the Company and their costs can
        be measured reliably; otherwise, such subsequent expenditures shall be included in the current
        profit or loss when occur.

        The Company measures its existing investment property by using the cost model. For investment
        properties measured using the cost method — a building used for rental is subject to Company’s
        depreciation policy for fixed assets, and the land use right used for rental is subject to the
        amortization policy for intangible assets.

    3.15 Fixed assets
        3.15.1 Recognition criteria of fixed assets
             Fixed assets refer to tangible assets held for commodity production, rendering of services,
             renting or business management, with the useful lives over one year. Fixed assets are
             recognized when they simultaneously meet the following conditions:

             (1)   It is probable that the economic benefits relating to the fixed assets will flow into the
                   Company; and

             (2)   The costs of the fixed assets can be measured reliably.

             The initial measurement of fixed assets is made at cost (and by taking the impact of
             expected disposal costs).

             The subsequent expenditures relating to fixed assets are included in the costs of fixed
             assets when relevant economic benefits are likely to flow in the Company and their costs can
             be measured reliably; as for the party replaced, the book value thereof is derecognized; all
             other subsequent expenditures are included in the current profit or loss when they occur.




                                                                                                         73
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
            3.15.2 Depreciation method
                  The provision for depreciation of fixed assets is made by the straight-line method by
                  category. The depreciation rate is determined based on the category, estimated useful life
                  and estimated net residual value rate of fixed assets. For fixed assets where the provision
                  for impairment has been made, the depreciation amount in the future will be determined at
                  the book value of the fixed assets where the provision for impairment has been deducted,
                  based on the remaining useful life. Where the fixed assets have the components with
                  different useful lives or bring economic benefits for the enterprise in different ways, then the
                  Company should choose different depreciation rates or methods to separately make the
                  provision for depreciation.

                  The depreciation life, residual value rates and annual depreciation rates of fixed assets are
                  presented by category as follows:

                                                                               Residual                 Annual
                                                     Depreciation life        value rate      depreciation rate
                   Category                                     (Year)               (%)                    (%)
                   Buildings and constructions                  10–35               3.00              2.77–9.70
                   Transportation facilities                     5–10               3.00             9.70–19.40
                   Machinery equipment                           3–10               3.00             9.70–32.33
                   Electronic equipment                          3–11               3.00             8.82–32.33
                   Office equipment                               3–9               3.00            10.78–32.33
                   Others                                         2–9               3.00            10.78–48.50


            3.15.3 Disposal of fixed assets
                  When the fixed assets are disposed, or they are expected not to bring any economic interest
                  via use or disposal, such fixed assets will be derecognized. When the fixed asset is sold,
                  transferred, scrapped or damaged, the Company will include such disposal revenue,
                  deducting the book value and related taxes and surcharges thereof, in the current profit or
                  loss.




74
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.16 Construction in progress
        Construction in progress is measured at the actual cost incurred. The actual costs include
        building costs, installation costs, borrowing costs eligible for capitalization and other necessary
        expenditures to make the construction in progress achieve the working condition for its intended
        use. Constructions in progress are transferred to fixed assets when they reach the condition for its
        intended use, and the provision of depreciation will be provided since the next month. The
        standards and timing for transferring the company’s construction-in-progress to fixed assets are
        as follows:

        The physical construction (including installation) of the fixed asset has been completed or
        substantially completed.

        The amount of expenditure on fixed assets for this construction is very small or almost no longer
        occurs.

        The fixed assets purchased and constructed have met the design or contract requirements, or are
        basically consistent with the design or contract requirements.

    3.17 Borrowing costs
        3.17.1 Recognition criteria of capitalization of borrowing costs
             The borrowing costs incurred to the Company and directly attributable to the acquisition and
             construction or production of assets eligible for capitalization should be capitalized and
             recorded into asset costs; other borrowing costs should be recognized as costs according to
             the amount incurred and be included into the current profit or loss.

             Assets eligible for capitalization refer to fixed assets, investment property, inventories and
             other assets which may reach their intended use or sale status only after long-time
             acquisition and construction or production activities.




                                                                                                         75
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.17 Borrowing costs (Continued)
            3.17.2 Capitalization period for borrowing costs
                  Capitalization period refers to the period from the beginning of capitalization to the cease of
                  capitalization, excluding the period of capitalization suspension of borrowing costs.

                  Borrowing costs may be capitalized only when all the following conditions are met:

                  (1)   Asset expenses, which include those incurred by cash payment, the transfer of non-cash
                        assets or the undertaking of interest-bearing debts for acquiring and constructing or
                        producing assets eligible for capitalization, have already been incurred;

                  (2)   Borrowing costs have already been incurred;

                  (3)   The acquisition and construction or production activities which are necessary to prepare
                        the assets for their intended use or sale have already been started.

                  Capitalization of borrowing costs should be ceased when the acquired and constructed or
                  produced assets eligible for capitalization have reached their intended use or sale status.

            3.17.3 Period of capitalization suspension
                  If the acquisition and construction or production activities of assets eligible for capitalization
                  are abnormally interrupted and such condition lasts for more than three months, the
                  capitalization of borrowing costs should be suspended; if the interruption is necessary
                  procedures for the acquired, the constructed or produced assets eligible for capitalization to
                  reach the working conditions for its intended use or sale, the borrowing costs continue to be
                  capitalized. Borrowing costs incurred during the interruption are recognized as the current
                  profit or loss and continue to be capitalized until the acquisition, construction or production
                  of the assets restarts.

            3.17.4 Measurement of capitalization rate and capitalized amounts of borrowing costs
                  As for special borrowings borrowed for acquiring and constructing or producing assets
                  eligible for capitalization, borrowing costs of special borrowing actually incurred in the
                  current period less the interest income of the borrowings unused and deposited in bank or
                  return on temporary investment should be recognized as the capitalization amount of
                  borrowing costs.




76
                                                                                         Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.17 Borrowing costs (Continued)
        3.17.4 Measurement of capitalization rate and capitalized amounts of borrowing costs (Continued)
             As for general borrowings used for acquiring and constructing or producing assets eligible
             for capitalization, the amount of general borrowings to be capitalized should be calculated by
             multiplying the weighted average of asset disbursements of the part of accumulated asset
             disbursements exceeding special borrowings by the capitalization rate of used general
             borrowings. The capitalization rate is calculated by weighted average interest rate of general
             borrowings.

             During the capitalization period, exchange differences of principal and interest on foreign
             currency special borrowings shall be capitalized and included in the cost of assets eligible
             for capitalization. Exchange differences arising from the principal and interest on foreign
             currency borrowings other than foreign currency special borrowings are recognized in the
             current profit or loss.

    3.18 Intangible assets
        3.18.1 Measurement of intangible assets
             (1)   The Company initially measures intangible assets at cost on acquisition
                   The costs of externally acquired intangible assets comprise their purchase prices,
                   related taxes and surcharges and any other directly attributable expenditure incurred to
                   prepare the assets for their intended use.

             (2)   Subsequent measurement
                   The useful lives of the intangible assets are analyzed and determined on acquisition.

                   As for intangible assets with limited useful life, straight-line amortization method is
                   adopted in the period when the intangible assets generate economic benefit for
                   enterprise; if the period when the intangible assets generate economic benefit for
                   enterprise cannot be forecasted, the intangible assets should be deemed as those with
                   indefinite useful life and should not be amortized.




                                                                                                        77
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.18 Intangible assets (Continued)
            3.18.2 Estimate of the useful life of the intangible assets with definite useful lives


                                                  Estimated
                                                  useful live    Amortization       Residual
                   Item                           (Year)         method             rate (%)    Basis
                   Data resources                 3–5            Straight-line          0.00    Period of benefit
                   Land use rights                40–50          Straight-line          0.00    Useful life
                   Software                       3–5            Straight-line          0.00    Period of benefit
                   Non-patented technology        5              Straight-line          0.00    Period of benefit


            3.18.3 Determination basis and procedure for review of useful life for intangible assets with
                   indefinite useful life
                  As at the balance sheet date, the Group has no intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.

            3.18.4 Scope of collection of research and development expenditures
                  Expenditures incurred by the company during the research and development process include
                  relevant employee salaries, consumed materials, related depreciation and amortization
                  expenses and other related expenses for personnel engaged in research and development
                  activities.

            3.18.5 Specific criteria for classifying research and development stages
                  The Company’s expenses for its internal research and development projects are classified
                  into research expenses and development expenses.

                  Research stage: Research stage is the stage when creative and planned investigation and
                  research activities are conducted to acquire and understand new scientific or technological
                  knowledge.

                  Development stage: Development stage is the stage when the research achievements and
                  other knowledge are applied to a plan or design, prior to the commercial production or use,
                  so as to produce any new or substantially improved material, device or product.




78
                                                                                             Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.18 Intangible assets (Continued)
        3.18.6 Criteria for capitalization of development expenditures
             The research expenditure is included in the current profit or loss when it occurs. The
             development expenditure is recognized as intangible assets when it meets the following
             conditions at the same time, and is included in the current profit or loss when it fails to
             meet the following conditions:

             (1)   It is feasible technically to finish intangible assets for use or sale;

             (2)   It is intended to finish and use or sell the intangible asset;

             (3)   The ways how the intangible assets generate economic benefits include the way where
                   it is able to prove that the products made by using the intangible assets exist a market
                   or that the intangible assets themselves have the market, and the way where the
                   serviceability of the intangible assets can be proved in case they are used internally;

             (4)   It is able to finish the development of the intangible assets and to use or sell the same
                   with the support of sufficient technologies, financial resources and other resources;
                   and

             (5)   The expenditure attributable to the intangible assets during its development phase can
                   be measured reliably.

             If the research expenditure and development expenditure are indistinguishable, all research
             and development expenditures incurred will be included in the current profit or loss.




                                                                                                            79
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.19 Long-term assets impairment
            Where there are indications of impairment on long-term equity investments, investment property
            measured with cost model, fixed assets, construction in progress, intangible assets with definite
            useful lives, productive biological assets and other long-term assets at the end of the reporting
            period, impairment test should be made. Where the result of the impairment test shows that the
            recoverable amount of the asset is lower than its book value, the provision for impairment shall
            be made based on the differences and included in impairment loss. The recoverable amounts of
            intangible assets are the higher of their fair values less costs to sell and the present values of the
            future cash flows expected to be derived from the assets. Provision for impairment of fixed assets
            is made on individual asset basis. If it is difficult to estimate the recoverable amount of the
            individual asset, the Company shall estimate the recoverable amount of the asset portfolio that the
            individual asset belongs to. The asset group is the minimum asset group that can independently
            generate the cash inflow.

            For goodwill resulting from business combinations, intangible assets with uncertain useful lives,
            and intangible assets that have not yet reached serviceable condition, regardless of whether there
            are signs of impairment, at least at the end of each year, the impairment test is carried out at the
            end of each year.

            The Company conducts goodwill impairment tests and apportions the carrying amount of goodwill
            resulting from business combinations to the relevant asset groups in a reasonable manner from
            the date of purchase; If it is difficult to allocate to related asset groups, it will be allocated to the
            related asset group combination. The associated asset group or combination of asset groups is the
            asset group or combination of asset groups that can benefit from the synergies of the business
            combination.

            When conducting an impairment test on a group or combination of assets containing goodwill, if
            there are signs of impairment in the asset group or portfolio of asset groups related to goodwill,
            the impairment test is first carried out on the asset group or asset group combination that does
            not contain goodwill, the recoverable amount is calculated, and the corresponding impairment loss
            is recognized by comparing it with the relevant carrying value. Then, the impairment test is
            carried out on the asset group or asset group combination containing goodwill, and the carrying
            amount is compared with the recoverable amount, if the recoverable amount is lower than the
            book value, the amount of impairment loss is first offset against the carrying value of the goodwill
            allocated to the asset group or asset group combination, and then the carrying value of the other
            assets is proportionally offset according to the proportion of the carrying value of the assets other
            than goodwill in the asset group or asset group combination. The losses from impairment of the
            above assets cannot be reversed in subsequent accounting periods once recognized.




80
                                                                                            Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.20 Long-term deferred expenses
        Long-term deferred expenses refer to various expenses which have been already incurred but will
        be borne in current and future reporting periods with an amortization period of over one year.

    3.21 Contract liabilities
        According to the relationship between the performance of obligations and the customer payment,
        the Company presents contract assets or contract liabilities in the balance sheet. The Company’s
        obligations in transferring goods or rendering services to customers on the ground that it has
        received or will receive relevant considerations from these customers are presented as contract
        liabilities. Contractual assets and contractual liabilities under the same contract should be
        presented at net amount.

    3.22 Employee benefits
        3.22.1 Accounting treatment of short-term compensation
             During the accounting period when employees serve the Company, the actual short-term
             compensation is recognized as liabilities and included in current profit or loss or costs
             associated with assets.

             The social insurance premiums and the housing provident fund paid by the Company for its
             employees, together with the labor union expenditures and employee education fund drew as
             required are used to calculate and determine the relevant employee compensation amount
             based on the prescribed accrual basis and accrual proportion during the accounting period in
             which the employees provide services to the Company.

             The employee welfare occurring in the Company shall be include in the current profit or loss
             or the related asset costs according to the actual amount when actually occurring. Among
             them, non-monetary benefits are measured at the fair value.

        3.22.2 Accounting treatment of post-employment benefits
             (1)   Defined contribution plan
                   The Company pays the basic endowment insurance premiums and unemployment
                   insurance for employees according to the relevant provisions of the local governments.
                   During the accounting period when employees serve the Company, the paid amount
                   which is calculated based on the payment base and proportion as stipulated in the
                   provisions of the local place is recognized as liabilities and included in current profit or
                   loss or related asset costs. In addition, the Company also participates in the enterprise
                   annuity plans approved by the relevant state authorities. The Company makes payments
                   to the annuity plans/local social insurance institutions in a certain proportion to the
                   total employee wage, with corresponding expenses included in the current profit or loss
                   or related asset costs.




                                                                                                           81
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.22 Employee benefits (Continued)
            3.22.2 Accounting treatment of post-employment benefits (Continued)
                 (2)   Defined benefit plans
                        According to the formula determined based on expected cumulative unit method, the
                        Company will set the period that the welfare obligations deriving from the defined
                        benefit plan, which will be included in current profit or loss or assets-related cost.

                        A net liability or net asset in connection with the defined benefit plan is recognized at
                        the present value of the obligation under the defined benefit plan less the deficit or
                        surplus arising out of the fair value of the assets under the defined benefit plan. For a
                        surplus of defined benefit plans, the Company should measure the net asset of such
                        defined benefit plans at the lower of the surplus of such defined benefit plans and
                        asset upper limit thereof.

                        Obligations under the defined benefit plan, including the payment obligation that is
                        expected to be done within 12 months following the annual reporting period when the
                        employees serve for the Company, are discounted at the market yield of the national
                        debt matching with the obligatory term of the defined benefit plan and the currency on
                        the balance sheet date or the bonds of the high-quality companies in the active market.

                        The service costs of the defined benefit plan and net interest on the net liabilities or net
                        assets in respect of the defined benefit plan are included in the current profit or loss
                        or assets-related costs; changes in the re-measurement of net liabilities or net assets
                        under the defined benefit plans should be included in other comprehensive income and
                        should not be reversed in subsequent accounting periods. When the original defined
                        benefit plan terminates, the portion originally included in other comprehensive income
                        will all be transferred to the undistributed profits.

                        For the settlement of the defined benefit plan, the balance between the present value
                        and the settlement price in regard to the defined benefit plan confirmed on the
                        settlement date is recognized and settled as gains or losses.




82
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.22 Employee benefits (Continued)
        3.22.3 Accounting treatment of dismissal benefits
             Where the Company provides dismissal welfare to employees, employee benefits incurred
             from dismissal benefits are recognized as liabilities and recorded into the current profit and
             loss at the earlier date of: when the Company is unable to unilaterally withdraw the
             dismissal benefits provided in the plan on the cancellation of labor relationship or the layoff
             proposal; when the Company recognizes the cost related to restructuring concerning
             payment of dismissal benefits.

    3.23 Estimated liabilities
        Estimated liabilities of the Company are initially measured as the best estimate of expenses
        required for the performance of relevant present obligations.

        When determining the best estimates, the Company comprehensively considers the risks,
        uncertainties, time value of money, and other factors relating to the contingencies. If the time
        value of money is significant, the best estimates shall be determined after discount of relevant
        future cash outflows.

        If there is continuous range for the necessary expenses, and probabilities of occurrence of all the
        outcomes within this range are equal, the best estimate will be determined at the intermediate
        value; in other cases, the best estimate is subject to the treatment for the following
        circumstances:

        •    If contingencies are involved with single project, the estimate will be determined based on the
             amount which is most likely to occur.

        •    If contingencies are involved with several projects, the estimate will be determined based on
             various possible results and relevant probabilities.

        If all or part of the expenses necessary for liquidating estimated liabilities are expected to be
        compensated by a third party, the compensation will be separately recognized as assets when it is
        virtually certain that the compensation will be received. The compensation recognized should not
        exceed the book value of estimated liabilities.

        The Company reviews the book value of estimated liabilities on the balance sheet date. If there is
        unambiguous evidence indicating that such book value cannot reflect the current best estimate,
        such book value will be adjusted based on the current best estimate.




                                                                                                         83
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.24 Share-based payments
            The Company’s share-based payments are transactions in which the Company grants equity
            instruments or undertakes equity-instrument-based liabilities in return for services from
            employees or other parties. The share-based payments of the Company consist of equity-settled
            share-based payments and cash-settled share-based payments.

            3.24.1 Equity-settled share-based payment and equity instruments
                  Where the Company acquires services rendered by employees via the equity-settled
                  share-based payment, such payment should be calculated at the fair value of equity
                  instruments granted to employees. The Company includes the share-based payment for which
                  relevant right can be exercised subsequent to the grant of equity instruments in relevant
                  costs or expenses on the grant date at the fair value of equity instruments and increases
                  capital reserves accordingly. For the share-based payment for which relevant right can be
                  exercised after the grant of equity instruments only when the services during the waiting
                  period are completed or the specified performance conditions are met, on each balance
                  sheet date within the waiting period, the Company, based on the best estimate of the
                  quantity of equity instruments where relevant rights can be exercised, includes the services
                  acquired during that period in relevant costs or expenses at the fair value on the grant date,
                  and increases capital reserves accordingly.

                  In case any clause on the equity-settled share-based payment has been modified, services
                  acquired should be recognized as if such clause has not been modified. In addition, the
                  increase in services acquired should be recognized in case of any increase to the fair value
                  of equity instruments granted or any change favorable to employees on the date of
                  increasing such fair value.

                  During the waiting period, if any equity instrument granted is canceled, the Company will
                  accelerate the right exercise relevant to the equity instrument canceled, immediately include
                  the amount which should be recognized during the remaining waiting period in the current
                  profit or loss, and recognize capital reserves at the same time. However, if any new equity
                  instrument is granted and on the date of granting such new equity instrument, it is affirmed
                  that such new equity instrument can replace the canceled one, the treatment for such new
                  equity instrument will be made in the way for modifying terms and conditions of the original
                  equity instrument.




84
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.24 Share-based payments (Continued)
        3.24.2 Cash-settled share-based payment and equity instruments
             Cash-settled share-based payment is measured at the fair value of the liability which is
             assumed by the Company and calculated based on share or other equity instrument. The
             Company includes the share-based payment for which relevant right can be exercised
             subsequent to the grant of equity instruments in relevant costs or expenses on the grant
             date at the fair value of the liability it assumes, and increase liabilities accordingly. For the
             share-based payment for which relevant right can be exercised after the grant of equity
             instruments only when the services during the waiting period are completed or the specified
             performance conditions are met, on each balance sheet date within the waiting period, the
             Company, based on the best estimate on the situation of exercising relevant right, includes
             the services acquired during that period in relevant costs or expenses and in liabilities
             according, at the fair value of the liability the Company assumes. On each balance sheet date
             and settlement date prior to the settlement of relevant liabilities, the fair value of liability
             should be remeasured through the current profit or loss.

             The Company amends the terms and conditions of the cash-settled share-based payment
             agreement so that it is paid in equity-settled shares, and on the modification date (whether
             occurring during or after the end of the waiting period), the Company measures the
             equity-settled share payments at the fair value of the equity instrument on the date of grant,
             includes the services obtained in the capital reserve, and derecognizes the cash-settled
             share-based payment of the recognized liabilities on the modification date, the difference
             between which is recognized in profit or loss for the period. If the waiting period is extended
             or shortened due to the amendment, the Company will account for the revised waiting
             period.




                                                                                                          85
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.25 Revenue
            3.25.1 Accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement
                  If the Company fulfills its performance obligations in a contract, it will recognize revenue
                  when relevant customer obtains right of control over relevant goods or services. Obtaining
                  the right of control over relevant goods or services means that the customer is able to make
                  decisions on the use of the goods or the rendering of the services, and can obtain almost all
                  of the economic benefits therefrom.

                  If two or more performance obligations are covered in the contract, on the contract
                  commencement date, the transaction price will be amortized to individual performance
                  obligation based on the relative proportion of the individual selling price of goods or services
                  involved in the individual performance obligation. The Company measures revenue at the
                  transaction price amortized to individual performance obligation.

                  The transaction price refers to the amount of consideration the Company is expected to have
                  the right to take on account of the transfer of goods or services to the customer, excluding
                  the payments charged by any third party and the payments expected to be refunded to the
                  customer. The Company determines the transaction price according to the contract terms
                  and in light of its previous regular practice, in the meantime, factors such as variable
                  consideration, significant financing composition existing in the contract, non-cash
                  consideration, and consideration payable to customers will be taken into account. The
                  Company determines the transaction price involving the variable consideration at the amount
                  that should not exceed the amount of accumulatively recognized revenue that is highly
                  unlikely to have a major reversal when relevant uncertainty is eliminated. If the significant
                  financing component in covered in the contract, the Company will determine the transaction
                  price based on the amount of cash payable at once by the customer when the customer
                  acquires the right of control over goods or services, as assumed, and amortize the
                  difference between such transaction price and the contract price by the effective interest
                  method during the contract period.




86
                                                                                       Interim Report 2024



                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.25 Revenue (Continued)
        3.25.1 Accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement (Continued)
             The obligation performance belongs to certain period in case one of the following conditions
             is met; otherwise, it belongs to certain time-point:

             •    The customer obtains and consumes the economic benefits brought by the performance
                  of the Company while the Company is performing the obligation.

             •    Customers are able to control the goods under construction by the Company in the course
                  of performing obligations.

             •    The Goods produced in the course of performing obligations have irreplaceable uses,
                  and the Company has the right to receive payments for the portion of the performance
                  that has been completed to date.

             For a performance obligation to be performed within a certain period, the Company
             recognizes the revenue according to the performance progress during such period, except for
             the case that the performance progress cannot be reasonably determined. The Company may
             determine the performance progress by the output method or input method based on the
             nature of goods or service. When the performance progress cannot be reasonably
             determined, if the cost incurred is expected to be compensated, the revenue will be
             recognized by the Company at the amount of the cost incurred until the performance
             progress can be reasonably determined.

             The revenue from obligation performance belonging to certain time-point is recognized by the
             Company when the customer has acquired the right of control over relevant goods or
             services. The Company will consider the following signs when judging whether the customer
             has acquired the right of control over relevant goods or services:

             •    The Company enjoys the current right to collect the payment for such goods or service,
                  i.e. the customer has the current payment obligation for such goods or service.

             •    The Company has transferred the legal ownership of such goods to the customer, i.e.
                  the customer possesses the legal ownership of such goods.




                                                                                                      87
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.25 Revenue (Continued)
            3.25.1 Accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement (Continued)
                 •      The Company has transferred goods to the customer in kind, i.e. the customer has
                        possessed such goods in kind.

                 •      The substantial risks and rewards of the ownership of such goods have been transferred
                        by the Company to the customer, i.e. the customer has acquired the substantial risks
                        and rewards of the ownership of such goods.

                 •      The customer has accepted such goods or services.

                  The Company determines whether its status is that of a principally liable person or an agent
                  at the time of engaging in a transaction based on whether it has control over the goods or
                  services prior to transferring them to the customer. If the Company is able to control the
                  goods or services prior to transferring them to the customer, the Company is the principal
                  and recognizes revenue based on the total consideration received or receivable; otherwise,
                  the Company is the agent and recognizes revenue based on the amount of commissions or
                  fees it expects to be entitled to receive.

            3.25.2 Disclosure of specific revenue recognition and measurement methods by type of business
                  Business revenues of the Company mainly come from information technology services for
                  civil aviation, settlement and clearing service, data network service, system integration
                  service and technology service. Of which, revenues from rendering information technology
                  service for civil aviation, settlement and clearing service, data network services and
                  technology service are recognized monthly in the course of rendering these services; the
                  revenue from system integration service is recognized upon the acceptance inspection by the
                  customer as the project work time is generally short. In the system integration project, if the
                  commitment that the installation service will be rendered after the equipment delivery is
                  given to the customer, and the installation service does not have significant impact on the
                  equipment, the revenue recognition will be made by stages based on two obligation
                  performance, i.e., sales of equipment and rendering of installation service. The revenue
                  recognition for sales of equipment is made after the equipment delivery and acceptance
                  inspection, and that for installation service is made after the customer fully completes the
                  acceptance inspection.




88
                                                                                         Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.26 Contract costs
        Contract costs include the contract performance cost and the contract acquisition cost.

        The Company’s cost on contract performance does not belong to scope of standards for
        inventories, fixed assets or intangible assets, and is recognized as an asset when it meets the
        following conditions:

        •    Such cost is directly relevant to the contract which has been or is expected to be acquired.

        •    Such cost increases the resource which will be used by the Company for obligation
             performance.

        •    Such cost is expected to be recoverable.

        If the incremental cost incurred in the Company on account of contract acquisition is expected to
        be recoverable, it, as the contract acquisition cost, will be recognized as an asset.

        Assets related to contract cost are amortized on the basis for the recognition of revenue from
        goods or services relevant to such assets; however, if the amortization period of contract
        acquisition cost is less than one year, the Company will include such cost in the current profit or
        loss when it occurs.

        If the book value of the assets related to contract cost is higher than the difference between the
        following two items, the Company will make the provision for impairment of the exceeding part,
        and recognize it as the loss from impairment of assets.

        1.   The remaining consideration expected to be obtained on account of the transfer of goods or
             services related to the assets;

        2.   The cost that is expected to be incurred for the purpose of transferring relevant goods or
             services.

        If the factors causing the impairment in the previous period change, resulting that the
        above-mentioned difference is higher than the book value of such assets, the Company will
        reverse the provision for impairment which has been made originally, and include it in the current
        profit or loss. However, the book value of assets reversed should not exceed the book value of
        such assets on the reversal date as if no provision for impairment has been made.




                                                                                                        89
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.27 Government grants
            3.27.1 Type
                  Government grants are monetary assets and non-monetary assets freely obtained by the
                  Company from the government. Government grants are classified into asset-related
                  government grants and income-related government grants.

                  Asset-related government grants refer to government grants obtained by the Company for
                  forming long-term assets by acquisition, construction or other manners. Income-related
                  government grants refer to government grants excluding the asset-related government
                  grants.

            3.27.2 Timing of recognition
                  Government grants are recognized when the Company can meet all conditions attached
                  thereto and is able to obtain such grants.

            3.27.3 Accounting treatment
                  Asset-related government grants are used to offset the book value of relevant assets or
                  recognized as deferred income. If such grants are recognized as the deferred income, they
                  will be included in the current profit or loss by reasonable and systematic methods within
                  useful lives of related assets (if such grants are relevant to routine activities of the
                  Company, they will be included in other income; if such grants are irrelevant to routine
                  activities of the Company, they will be included in non-operating income);

                  Income-related government grants to be used as compensation for future expenses or losses
                  are recognized as deferred income and are recorded in current profit or loss where the
                  relevant expenses or losses are recognized (if they are related to daily activities of the
                  Company, they will be included into other income; otherwise, they will be included in
                  non-operating income) or set off the related expenses or losses; those to be used as
                  compensation for incurred expenses or losses are recorded in current profit or loss (if they
                  are related to daily activities of the Company, they will be included into other income;
                  otherwise, they will be included in non-operating income) or will set off the related expenses
                  or losses.




90
                                                                                         Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.27 Government grants (Continued)
        3.27.3 Accounting treatment (Continued)
             The interest subsidies of policy-based preferential loans obtained by the Company are subject
             to the following accounting treatments according to two situations:

             (1)   When the finance department appropriates the interest subsidies to the lending bank,
                   and the lending bank provides the loan at the policy-based preferential interest rate to
                   the Company, the Company will take the book-entry value at the loan amount actually
                   received, and relevant loan expenses are calculated based on the principal of the loan
                   and the policy-based preferential interest rate.

             (2)   Where the finance department directly appropriates the interest subsidies to the
                   Company, the Company will use the corresponding interest subsidies to offset related
                   borrowing costs.

    3.28 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
        Income tax includes the current income tax and deferred income tax. Except for the income tax in
        the transactions or matters of business combination and directly including relevant items in the
        owners’ equity (including other comprehensive income), the Company includes the current income
        tax and deferred income tax in the current profit or loss.

        The deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are calculated and recognized
        based on the differences (temporary differences) between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
        and the book values of the same.

        Deferred income tax assets are recognized at deductible temporary differences to the extent that
        it shall not exceed the taxable income probably obtained in future period and used to deduct the
        deductible temporary differences. For deductible losses and tax credits that can be carried
        forward to subsequent periods, deferred income tax assets arising therefrom are recognized to the
        extent of the taxable income probably obtained in future period that can be used for deducting the
        deductible losses and tax credits.

        Taxable temporary differences are recognized as deferred income tax liabilities except in special
        circumstances.




                                                                                                        91
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.28 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
            Special situations where the deferred income tax assets or deferred income tax liabilities are not
            recognized include:

           •      Initial recognition of goodwill;

           •      Transactions or matters that neither belong to the business combination nor affect the
                  accounting profit and taxable income (or deductible loss) when they occur.

            Taxable temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
            are recognized as deferred income tax liabilities; unless the Company is able to control the time
            for reversing such temporary differences and such temporary differences are unlikely to be
            reversed in the foreseeable future. For the deductible temporary differences related to
            investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, the deferred income tax assets are
            recognized when the temporary differences may be reversed in the foreseeable future and they
            are likely to be obtained to offset the taxable income of deductible temporary differences in the
            future.

            On the balance sheet date, the deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are
            measured at the tax rates applicable to the period where relevant assets are expected to be
            recovered or relevant liabilities are expected to be discharged, according to the tax law.

            On the balance sheet date, the Company reviews the book value of deferred income tax assets. If
            it is unlikely to obtain sufficient taxable income in the future to offset against the benefit of
            deferred income tax assets, the book value of deferred income tax assets will be written down. If
            it is likely to obtain sufficient taxable income, the book value of deferred tax assets written down
            will be recovered.

            If the Company has the legal right to settle in net amounts and intends to settle in net amount or
            to obtain assets and discharge liabilities simultaneously, the current tax assets and current tax
            liabilities of the Company shall be presented based on the net amount after offset.

            On the balance sheet date, deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities
            simultaneously meeting the following conditions are presented by net amount after offset:

           •      The taxpayer has the legal right to settle the current income tax assets and current income
                  tax liabilities by net amount;




92
                                                                                         Interim Report 2024



                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.28 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
        •    Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are related to the income tax
             which are imposed on the same taxpayer by the same tax collection authority or to different
             taxpayers, but, in each important future period in connection with the reversal of deferred
             income tax assets and liabilities, the involved taxpayers intend to settle the current income
             tax assets and current income tax liabilities with net amount or to obtain assets and
             discharge liabilities simultaneously.

    3.29 Lease
        Lease refers to a contract in which a lessor assigns the right to use an asset to a lessee within a
        certain period of time in order to obtain consideration. On the contract commencement date, the
        Company evaluates whether the contract is a lease or includes a lease. If a party to a contract
        transfers the right to control the use of one or more identified assets within a certain period in
        exchange for consideration, the contract shall be a lease or include a lease.

        If the contract contains multiple individual leases, the Company will split the contract and make
        accounting treatment over each individual lease. If the contract contains both leased and
        non-leased parts, the lessee and lessor will split the leased and non-leased parts.

        3.29.1 The Company as lessee
             3.29.1.1 Right-of-use assets
                   At the commencement date, the Company recognize the right-of-use asset for leases
                   other than short-term leases and low-value asset leases. Right-of-use assets are
                   initially measured at cost. This cost includes:

                   •     the initial measurement amount of lease liabilities;

                   •     in case of any lease incentives, relevant amount of the lease incentives enjoyed
                         shall be deducted from the lease payment paid on or before the commencement
                         date of the lease term;

                   •     the initial direct costs incurred of the Company;




                                                                                                        93
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.29 Lease (Continued)
            3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
                 3.29.1.1 Right-of-use assets (Continued)
                       •       the costs incurred of the Company for demolishing and removing leased assets,
                               restoring the site where the leased assets are located, or restoring the leased
                               assets to the state agreed in the lease terms, but excluding the cost incurred for
                               inventory production.

                        The Company subsequently adopts the straight-line-method to make the provision for
                        the depreciation of the right-of-use assets. If it can be reasonably determined that the
                        ownership of the leased asset will be obtained at the expiration of the lease term, the
                        Company shall accrue depreciation within the remaining useful life of the leased asset;
                        otherwise, the leased assets should be depreciated over the shorter of the lease term
                        or the remaining useful life of the leased assets.

                        The Company determines whether the right-to-use assets have been impaired or not
                        according to the principle described in “3.19 Impairment of long-term assets” in this
                        note, and make the accounting treatment for the identified impairment losses.

                 3.29.1.2 Lease liabilities
                        As at the beginning of the lease period, the Company recognizes the leases other than
                        short-term leases and leases of low-value assets as lease liabilities. Lease liabilities
                        are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that have not been
                        paid. Lease payments include:

                       •       for fixed payments (including substantial fixed payments), if there is any lease
                               incentive, the relevant amount of the lease incentive shall be deducted;

                       •       variable lease payments depending on the index or ratio;

                       •       the payments expected to be payable based on the residual value of the guarantee
                               provided by the Company;




94
                                                                                            Interim Report 2024



                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
             3.29.1.2 Lease liabilities (Continued)
                   •     exercise price of purchase option, provided that the Company reasonably determines
                         that it will exercise the option;

                   •     the amount to be paid to exercise the lease termination option, provided that it is
                         reflected that the Company will exercise the lease termination option during the
                         lease period.

                   The Company adopts the implicit rate of lease as the discount rate, but if the implicit
                   rate of lease cannot be reasonably determined, the incremental borrowing rate will be
                   adopted as the discount rate.

                   The Company calculates the interest expenses of lease liabilities in each lease term
                   based on a fixed periodic interest rate, and includes such expenses into the current
                   profit or loss or the cost of related assets.

                   The variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities shall
                   be included in the current profit or loss or the costs of related assets when they
                   actually occur.

                   After the commencement date of the lease term, under any of the following
                   circumstances, the Company will re-measure the lease liabilities and adjust the
                   corresponding right-of-use assets; if the book value of the right-of-use assets has been
                   reduced to zero and further reduction of lease liabilities is still required, the difference
                   will be included in the current profit or loss:

                   •     In case of any change in the evaluation results of the purchase option, lease renewal
                         option or termination option, or any inconsistency between the actual exercise of
                         the aforesaid options and the original evaluation results, the Company will
                         re-measure lease liabilities according to the present value calculated by the
                         changed lease payments and the revised discount rate;




                                                                                                           95
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.29 Lease (Continued)
            3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
                 3.29.1.2 Lease liabilities (Continued)
                       •       In case of any change in the substantial fixed payments, the estimated payable
                               amount based on the residual value of the guarantee, or in the index or ratio used
                               to determine lease payments, the Company will re-measure lease liabilities
                               according to the present value calculated by the changed lease payments and the
                               original discount rate. However, if the change of lease payment is caused by the
                               change of floating interest rate, the revised discount rate is used to calculate the
                               present value.

                 3.29.1.3 Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                        The Company chooses not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for
                        short-term leases and leases of low-value assets, and the relevant lease payments are
                        included in the current profit or loss or the cost of related assets by straight-line
                        method over each period within the lease term. Short-term leases refer to leases that
                        do not exceed 12 months on the commencement date of the lease period and do not
                        include any purchase option. Low-value asset lease refers to the lease of a single lease
                        asset with lower value when it is brand new. The company regards the lease of a
                        single leased asset with a value of no more than RMB35,000.00 as a new asset as a
                        low-value asset lease. For the lease asset subleased by the Company subleases or
                        expected to be subleased, the original lease is not a lease of low-value assets.

                 3.29.1.4 Lease changes
                        If the lease changes and the following conditions are met at the same time, the
                        Company will carry out accounting treatment over the lease change as a separate
                        lease:

                       •       where the lease change expands the scope of the lease by adding the right to use
                               one or more leased assets;




96
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
             3.29.1.4 Lease changes (Continued)
                  •     where the increase of the consideration is equivalent to the adjusted individual price
                        of the expanded part of the lease scope according to the contract.

                  Where the lease change is not accounted for as a separate lease, on the effective date
                  of the lease change, the Company will re-distribute the consideration of the contract
                  after the change, re-determine the lease period, and re-measure lease liabilities
                  according to the present value calculated by the changed lease payments and the
                  revised discount rate.

                  If the lease change causes the lease scope to be reduced or the lease term to be
                  shortened, the Company shall correspondingly reduce the book value of the
                  right-to-use assets, and include the related gains or losses of partial or complete
                  termination of the lease in the current profit or loss. Where other lease changes lead
                  to re-measurement of lease liabilities, the Company will adjust the book value of the
                  right-of-use assets accordingly.

        3.29.2 The Company as lessor
             Leases of the Company are classified as finance lease and operating lease on the lease
             commence date. Lease under which almost all the risks and rewards relevant to the
             ownership of leased assets are materially transferred is recognized as finance lease,
             regardless of whether the ownership is ultimately transferred. Operating lease refers to the
             leases other than finance lease. When the Company is a sub-lessor, it classifies the
             sub-leases based on the right-of-use assets generated by the original lease.




                                                                                                          97
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.29 Lease (Continued)
            3.29.2 The Company as lessor (Continued)
                 3.29.2.1 Accounting treatment of operating leases
                        Rental from the operating lease in each stage during the rental period should be
                        recognized as the lease income by the straight-line method. Initial direct costs relating
                        to operating lease incurred by the Company are capitalized, and shall be included in the
                        current profit or loss on the same basis as the recognition of lease income during the
                        lease term. The variable lease payable that is not included in the lease receivable shall
                        be included in the current profit or loss at the time of actual occurrence. In case of any
                        change in the operating lease, the Company will make the accounting treatment for it
                        as a new lease from the effective date of the change, and the amount received in
                        advance or lease receivables before the change will be regarded as the receivables
                        from the new lease.

                 3.29.2.2 Accounting treatment of finance lease
                        On the lease commencement date, the Company recognizes finance lease receivables
                        for financing leases and derecognizes finance lease assets. When the Company
                        conducts the initial measurement of finance lease receivables, the net lease investment
                        is adopted as the entry value of the finance lease receivables. The net lease investment
                        is the sum of the unguaranteed residual value and the present value of the lease
                        payments that have not been received at the beginning of the lease term and
                        discounted at the interest rate included in the lease.

                        The Company calculates and recognizes the interest expenses in each lease term based
                        on a fixed periodic interest rate. The derecognition and impairment of finance lease
                        receivables shall be accounted for in accordance with “3.9 Financial
                        instruments”herein.

                        The variable lease payable that is not included in the net lease investment for
                        measurement shall be included in the current profit or loss at the time of actual
                        occurrence.




98
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.2 The Company as lessor (Continued)
             3.29.2.2 Accounting treatment of finance lease (Continued)
                  If the finance lease changes and the following conditions are met at the same time, the
                  Company will carry out accounting treatments over the change as a separate lease:

                  •     where the change expands the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one
                        or more leased assets;

                  •     where the increase of the consideration is equivalent to the adjusted individual price
                        of the expanded part of the lease scope according to the contract.

                  Where the change of finance lease is not accounted for as a separate lease, the
                  Company will treat the changed lease according to the following circumstances:

                  •     If the change comes into effect on the lease commencement date, the lease will
                        be classified as an operating lease. The Company will start making accounting
                        treatment for it as a new lease from the effective date of the lease change, and
                        regard the net lease investment before the effective date of the lease change as
                        the book value of the leased assets;

                  •     If the change comes into effect on the lease commencement date, the lease will
                        be classified as a finance lease, and the Company will conduct accounting
                        treatment according to the policy on modifying or renegotiating the contract in
                        “3.9 Financial instruments” of this note.




                                                                                                          99
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.29 Lease (Continued)
            3.29.3 Sale-and-leaseback deals
                  The Company evaluates and determines whether the transfer of assets in the
                  sale-and-leaseback transaction is a sale in accordance with the principles described in “3.25
                  Revenue” herein.

                 3.29.3.1 As the lessee
                        If the asset transfer in the sale-leaseback transaction belongs to sales, the Company
                        as the lessee measures the right-of-use asset formed by the sale-leaseback according
                        to the part related to the use-right obtained from the leaseback in the original book
                        value of assets, and only recognizes the relevant gains and losses only for the rights
                        transferred to the lessor.

                        If the asset transfer in the sale-and-leaseback transaction does not belong to the sale,
                        the Company, as the lessee, continues to confirm the transferred assets and
                        recognizes a financial liability equivalent to the transfer income. Please refer to Note
                        “3.9 financial instruments for the accounting treatment for financial liabilities”.

                 3.29.3.2 As the lessor
                        If the asset transfer in the sale-leaseback transaction belongs to sales, the Company,
                        as the lessor, will make accounting treatment for the purchased assets, and for the
                        asset lease according to the aforesaid policy in “2. The Company as the lessor”; If the
                        asset transfer in the sale-and-leaseback transaction does not belong to the sale, the
                        Company, as the lessor, will not confirm the transferred assets but recognizes a
                        financial asset equivalent to the transfer income. Please refer to Note “3.9 Financial
                        instruments for the accounting treatment for financial assets”.




100
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.30 Debt restructuring
        3.30.1 The company as a creditor
             The Company terminates the recognition of claims when the contractual right to collect cash
             flows from the claims terminates. If debt is restructured by settling debts with assets or
             converting debts into equity instruments, the company will recognize the relevant assets
             when they meet their definition and recognition conditions.

             If debt restructuring is carried out by repaying debts with assets, the transferred
             non-financial assets shall be measured at cost when the company initially recognizes them.
             The cost of inventory includes the fair value of the relinquished claims and other costs
             directly attributable to the asset such as taxes, transportation fees, loading and unloading
             fees, insurance premiums and other costs incurred to bring the asset to its current location
             and condition. The cost of an investment in an associate or joint venture includes the fair
             value of the relinquished claims and other costs such as taxes directly attributable to the
             asset. The cost of investment real estate includes the fair value of the relinquished claims
             and other costs such as taxes that are directly attributable to the asset. The cost of a fixed
             asset includes the fair value of the relinquished claim and other costs directly attributable to
             the asset such as taxes, transportation fees, loading and unloading fees, installation fees,
             professional service fees and other costs incurred before the asset reaches its intended
             usable condition. The cost of biological assets includes the fair value of the relinquished
             claims and other costs such as taxes, transportation fees, and insurance premiums that are
             directly attributable to the assets. The cost of intangible assets includes the fair value of the
             relinquished claims and other costs that are directly attributable to taxes and other costs
             incurred in bringing the asset to its intended use. If the debt restructuring by converting debt
             into equity instruments results in the creditor converting its claim into an equity investment
             in an associate or joint venture, the company shall measure it based on the fair value of the
             relinquished claim and taxes and other costs directly attributable to the asset. its initial
             investment cost. The difference between the fair value and the book value of the relinquished
             claims is included in the current profit and loss.

             If debt restructuring is carried out by modifying other terms, the company shall confirm and
             measure the restructured claims in accordance with Note “3.9 Financial instruments”.




                                                                                                         101
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.30 Debt restructuring (Continued)
            3.30.1 The company as a creditor (Continued)
                  If multiple assets are used to repay debts or a combination is used to restructure debt, the
                  company will first confirm and measure the transferred financial assets and restructured
                  claims in accordance with Note “3.9 Financial instruments”, and then use The fair value ratio
                  of each asset is divided into the net amount after deducting the confirmed amount of
                  transferred financial assets and restructured claims from the fair value of the relinquished
                  claims, and based on this, the cost of each asset is determined according to the
                  aforementioned method. The difference between the fair value of the relinquished claim and
                  its book value shall be included in the current profit and loss.

            3.30.2 The company as the debtor
                  The Company derecognises a debt when its current obligations are discharged.

                  If debt reorganization is carried out by repaying debts with assets, the company will
                  terminate the recognition when the relevant assets and the debts paid off meet the
                  conditions for derecognition, and the difference between the book value of the debts paid off
                  and the book value of the transferred assets shall be included in the current profit and loss.

                  If the debt is converted into equity instruments for debt restructuring, the company will
                  derecognize the debt when the repaid debt meets the conditions for derecognition. When the
                  company initially recognizes an equity instrument, it is measured based on the fair value of
                  the equity instrument. If the fair value of the equity instrument cannot be reliably measured,
                  it is measured based on the fair value of the debt repaid. The difference between the book
                  value of the debt repaid and the recognized amount of the equity instrument shall be
                  included in the current profit and loss.

                  If debt restructuring is carried out by modifying other terms, the company shall recognize
                  and measure the restructured debt in accordance with Note “3.9 Financial instruments”.

                  If multiple assets are used to repay debts or a combination is used to reorganize debts, the
                  company shall confirm and measure equity instruments and restructured debts in
                  accordance with the aforementioned methods. The book value of the debts repaid shall be
                  the book value of the transferred assets and the confirmed amount of equity instruments and
                  restructured debts. The difference between the sum and the profit and loss shall be included
                  in the current profit and loss.




102
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.31 Key accounting estimates and judgments
        3.31.1 Estimated useful life and residual value of property, plant and equipment
             The Group uses the straight-line method to depreciate property, plant and equipment
             according to their estimated useful life, and adopts a sufficient depreciation rate to offset the
             amount of their cost minus the accumulated impairment loss and the revaluation amount
             after the estimated remaining value. The Group reviews the useful lives of fixed assets on a
             regular basis to ensure that the depreciation method and depreciation rate are in line with
             the economic benefits of the relevant fixed assets.

             The Group’s estimation of the useful life of fixed assets is detailed in the “Note 3.15 Fixed
             assets”, which is based on the historical experience of the Group in using similar assets and
             takes into account expected technological changes. If there is a significant change in the
             previous estimate, the future depreciation expense will be adjusted.

        3.31.2 Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets
             Determining whether goodwill and intangible assets are impaired requires an estimation of
             the value in use of the cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated. When
             calculating the value in use, management is required to estimate the expected future cash
             flows from the cash-generating unit and an appropriate discount rate to calculate the
             present value.

        3.31.3 Income tax and deferred tax
             The Group pays income tax in Mainland China and other jurisdictions. When determining
             income tax, significant judgments are required. In the ordinary course of business, the final
             tax determination involved in some transactions and calculations is uncertain. The Group
             recognizes liabilities for anticipated tax audit items based on estimates of whether additional
             taxes will be required. The final tax consequences of such events are different from the
             amounts originally recorded, and these differences will affect the income tax and deferred
             tax provisions during the period in which these determinations are made.




                                                                                                         103
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.32 Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates and
           correction of errors
            3.32.1 Changes in significant accounting policies
                 (1)   Implementation of Interpretation of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No.
                       17
                        On October 25, 2023, the Ministry of Finance promulgated “Interpretation No. 17 on
                        Enterprise Accounting Standards” (Finance and Accounting [2023] No. 21, hereinafter
                        referred to as “Interpretation No. 17”).

                        ①      On the division of current liabilities and non-current liabilities
                               Interpretation No. 17 clarifies:

                               —    If an enterprise does not have a substantial right to defer settlement of a
                                    liability for more than one year after the balance sheet date, the liability
                                    should be classified as a current liability.

                               —    For liabilities arising from an enterprise’s loan arrangement, the enterprise’s
                                    right to defer debt repayment for more than one year after the balance
                                    sheet date may depend on whether the enterprise has complied with the
                                    conditions specified in the loan arrangement (hereinafter referred to as the
                                    contractual conditions). When determining whether its substantive right to
                                    defer debt repayment exists, the enterprise should only consider the
                                    contractual conditions that should have been complied with on or before the
                                    balance sheet date, and should not consider the contractual conditions that
                                    the enterprise should have complied with after the balance sheet date.




104
                                                                                                Interim Report 2024



                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.32 Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates and
         correction of errors (Continued)
        3.32.1 Changes in significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (1)   Implementation of Interpretation of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No.
                   17 (Continued)
                   ①     On the division of current liabilities and non-current liabilities (Continued)
                         —    Liabilities are settled when classifying the liquidity of liabilities. Liabilities are
                              settled by the enterprise by transferring cash, other economic resources
                              (such as goods or services) or the enterprise’s own equity instruments to the
                              counterparty. If the terms of a liability result in the enterprise settling the
                              liability by delivering its own equity instruments at the option of the
                              counterparty, the term does not affect the liquidity classification of the
                              liability if the enterprise classifies the option as an equity instrument and
                              recognizes it separately as the equity component of a compound financial
                              instrument in accordance with Accounting Standard for Enterprises No. 37 —
                              Presentation of Financial Instruments.

                         The interpretation will be implemented from January 1, 2024. When an enterprise
                         first implements the interpretation, it shall adjust the information of the
                         comparable period in accordance with the interpretation. The implementation of
                         the provisions by the Company has no impact on the financial statements.




                                                                                                               105
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.32 Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates and
           correction of errors (Continued)
            3.32.1 Changes in significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 (1)   Implementation of Interpretation of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No.
                       17 (Continued)
                        ②      Disclosures about supplier financing arrangements
                               Interpretation No. 17 requires that when enterprises make notes disclosures, they
                               should summarize and disclose information related to supplier financing
                               arrangements to help users of financial statements assess the impact of these
                               arrangements on the liabilities, cash flows and liquidity risk exposure of the
                               enterprise. The impact of supplier financing arrangements should also be
                               considered when identifying and disclosing liquidity risk information. This
                               disclosure provision only applies to supplier financing arrangements. Supplier
                               financing arrangements refer to transactions with the following characteristics:
                               one or more financing providers provide funds to pay the amount owed by the
                               enterprise to its suppliers, and it is agreed that the enterprise will repay the
                               financing providers on the day or after its suppliers receive the payment according
                               to the terms and conditions of the arrangement. Compared with the original
                               payment due date, the supplier financing arrangement extends the payment period
                               of the enterprise or advances the collection period of the enterprise’s suppliers.

                               This interpretation provision will take effect on January 1, 2024, and enterprises
                               are not required to disclose the information required by this provision in the
                               interim report that first implements this interpretation provision.




106
                                                                                         Interim Report 2024



                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.32 Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates and
         correction of errors (Continued)
        3.32.1 Changes in significant accounting policies (Continued)
             (1)   Implementation of Interpretation of Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No.
                   17 (Continued)
                   ③     Accounting treatment of sale and leaseback transactions
                         Interpretation No. 17 stipulates that when the lessee subsequently measures the
                         lease liability formed by the sale and leaseback, the method of determining the
                         lease payment amount or the changed lease payment amount shall not lead to the
                         recognition of gains or losses related to the right of use obtained by the
                         leaseback. When the enterprise first implements this provision, it shall make
                         retrospective adjustments to the sale and leaseback transactions carried out after
                         the first implementation date of “Enterprise Accounting Standard No. 21 —
                         Lease”.

                         The interpretation provisions will be implemented from January 1, 2024, and
                         enterprises are allowed to implement them in advance from the year of issuance.
                         The Company implement this provision from January 1, 2024, and the
                         implementation of this provision by the Company will have no impact on the
                         financial statements.




                                                                                                       107
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.32 Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates and
           correction of errors (Continued)
            3.32.1 Changes in significant accounting policies (Continued)
                 (2)   Implement the “Interim Provisions on Accounting Treatment of Enterprise Data
                       Resources”
                        On August 1, 2023, the Ministry of Finance issued the “Interim Provisions on Accounting
                        Treatment of Enterprise Data Resources” (Accounting [2023] No. 11), which applies to
                        data resources that are recognized as intangible assets or inventory and other assets in
                        accordance with the relevant provisions of the Enterprise Accounting Standards, as well
                        as data resources that are legally owned or controlled by the enterprise and are
                        expected to bring economic benefits to the enterprise, but do not meet the conditions
                        for asset recognition and are not recognized. The relevant accounting treatment, and
                        put forward specific requirements for the disclosure of data resources.

                        This provision will take effect on January 1, 2024. enterprises should adopt the
                        prospective application method. Data resource-related expenses that have been
                        expensed and included in profit and loss before the implementation of this provision
                        will no longer be adjusted. The implementation of this provision has no significant
                        impact on the company’s financial position and operating results.

                 (3)   Reclassification of warranty expenses
                        The Ministry of Finance issued the “Compilation of Guidance on the Application of
                        Enterprise Accounting Standards 2024” in March 2024, stipulating that warranty
                        expenses should be included in operating costs. The implementation of this regulation
                        by the Company has no impact on the financial statements.

            3.32.2 Changes in significant accounting estimates
                  None.




108
                                                                                     Interim Report 2024



                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



4   TAXATION
    4.1 Major tax types and rates
        4.1.1 During the reporting period, VAT rates adopted by the Company and its subsidiaries:


              Company                                                                    Tax rate (%)
              TravelSky Technology Limited                                          13.00, 9.00, 6.00,
                                                                                            5.00, 3.00
              Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares Information Technology Co., Ltd.              13.00, 6.00
              Hunan TravelSky Technology Limited                                           13.00, 6.00
              Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd.                        13.00, 6.00, 3.00
              Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                         13.00, 6.00
              Xinjiang Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd.                           13.00, 6.00
              Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                      13.00, 6.00
              Shanghai TravelSky Technology Limited                                               6.00
              Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                        13.00, 6.00
              Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                 13.00, 9.00, 6.00
              Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                        13.00, 6.00
              Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Limited                                 13.00, 6.00, 5.00
              Accounting Center of China Aviation                                          13.00, 6.00
              Beijing Yake Technology Development Co., Ltd.                                       6.00
              Infosky Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                     13.00, 6.00
              TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd.                              13.00, 6.00
              Beijing TravelSky Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                                    13.00, 6.00
              TravelSky Southeast Data Center Co., Ltd.                                    13.00, 6.00
              Inner Mongolia TravelSky Technology Limited                                  13.00, 6.00
              Zhejiang TravelSky Technology Limited                                        13.00, 6.00
              Henan TravelSky Technology Limited                                           13.00, 6.00
              Beijing TravelSky Technology Limited                                         13.00, 6.00
              Guangzhou Skyecho Information Technology Co., Ltd.                           13.00, 6.00
              TravelSky Digital Intelligence Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                       6.00
              TravelSky Technology International Limited                              Not Applicable
              TravelSky Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd.                                Not Applicable
              TravelSky Technology (Europe) GMBH                                                 19.00
              OpenJaw Technologies Limited                                                       23.00




                                                                                                    109
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



4     TAXATION (CONTINUED)
      4.1 Major tax types and rates (Continued)
            4.1.2 During the reporting period, enterprise income tax rates adopted by the Company and its
                  subsidiaries:
                                                                                              Income tax rate
                   Company                                                                                (%)
                   TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 1)                                              15.00
                   Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares Information Technology Co., Ltd.
                      (Remark 2)                                                                        15.00
                   Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd. (Remark 2)                           15.00
                   Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                      15.00
                   Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                   15.00
                   Shanghai TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 3)                                     20.00
                   Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                     15.00
                   Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                    15.00
                   Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                     15.00
                   Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 1)                                    15.00
                   Accounting Center of China Aviation (Remark 1)                                       15.00
                   Beijing Yake Technology Development Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                             15.00
                   Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd.                                           25.00
                   Infosky Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                  15.00
                   TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd. (Remark 3)                           20.00
                   Beijing TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 1)                                      15.00
                   Guangzhou Skyecho Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Remark 3)                        20.00
                   TravelSky Digital Intelligence Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (Remark 3)             20.00
                   Inner Mongolia TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 3)                               20.00
                   Xinjiang Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd.                                   25.00
                   Hunan TravelSky Technology Limited                                                   25.00
                   Beijing TravelSky Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                                            25.00
                   Travelsky Yunzhi Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                                      25.00
                   Zhejiang TravelSky Technology Limited                                                25.00
                   Henan TravelSky Technology Limited                                                   25.00
                   TravelSky Technology International Limited                                           16.50
                   TravelSky Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd.                                             17.00
                   TravelSky Technology (Europe) GMBH                                                   15.00
                   OpenJaw Technologies Limited                                                         12.50




110
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



4   TAXATION (CONTINUED)
    4.1 Major tax types and rates (Continued)
        4.1.2 During the reporting period, enterprise income tax rates adopted by the Company and its
              subsidiaries are as below: (Continued)
             Remark 1:   TravelSky Technology Limited, Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares
                         Co., Ltd., Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Hainan Civil
                         Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Limited, Accounting Center of China
                         Aviation, Beijing Yake Technology Development Co., Ltd., Infosky Information Technology Co., Ltd.,
                         and Beijing TravelSky Technology Limited have been assessed as high-tech enterprises, enjoying
                         the preferential income tax rate of 15%.


             Remark 2:   The main business of Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares Information Technology Co., Ltd. and Xi’an
                         Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd. conforms to Paragraph 5, Article 26 of the Encouraged
                         Section in the Guiding Catalog for Industrial Restructuring (2011 Edition), stating that “aviation
                         computer management and its network system development and construction”; thus, such
                         company enjoys the preferential policy for income tax under the Great Western Development
                         Strategy, paying tax at 15%.


             Remark 3:   According to the “Announcement of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
                         on Further Implementation of Income Tax Preferential Policies for Small and Micro Enterprises”
                         (Announcement No. 13, 2022) and “Announcement of the Ministry of Finance and the State
                         Administration of Taxation on Income Tax Preferential Policies for Small and Micro Enterprises
                         and Individual Industrial and Commercial Households” (Announcement 2023 No. 6) stipulates that
                         from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2024, the part of the annual taxable income of small and
                         low-profit enterprises not exceeding 3 million shall be included in the taxable income at a
                         reduced rate of 25%, and 20% tax rate to pay corporate income tax. During this period, Shanghai
                         TravelSky Technology Limited, TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Skyecho
                         Information Technology Co., Ltd., TravelSky Digital Intelligence Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd., and
                         Inner Mongolia TravelSky Technology Limited does not exceed 3 million, 25% of such taxable
                         income was reduced, and enterprise income tax was paid at 20%, by which the actual tax burden
                         was 5%.




                                                                                                                         111
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



4     TAXATION (CONTINUED)
      4.2 Tax incentives
            4.2.1 High and new technology enterprise
                  Under the Corporate Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (“CIT Law”), in
                  general, the applicable income tax rate of enterprises in the PRC is 25%. Pursuant to
                  relevant requirements, enterprises recognized as “High and New Technology Enterprises” are
                  entitled to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% according to the CIT Law. The
                  Company was approved and certified by relevant authorities as a “High and New Technology
                  Enterprise” since its establishment and was reviewed to renew the identification of “High and
                  New Technology Enterprise” in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements. The latest
                  re-certification application should be completed in 2023, and the Company has already
                  started the relevant work of re-applying for the qualification of “high-tech enterprise”. In
                  accordance with relevant regulatory requirements, the Company accrues corporate income
                  tax expenses for the first half of 2023 at a preferential tax rate of 15%.

            4.2.2 Key software enterprises
                  Except that enterprises that have been assessed as “High and Technology Enterprises” may
                  enjoy the preferential income tax rate of 15%, enterprises assessed as “Key Software
                  Enterprises” encouraged by the state” by relevant authorities under the government of China
                  may further enjoy the preferential tax rate of 10%. According to the relevant provisions, the
                  difference between the tax paid at the tax rate of 15% and that paid at tax rate of 10% will
                  be refunded to relevant enterprises subsequently, and such tax refund will be reflected in the
                  Statement of Profit and Losses for the period when it occurs.

                  This year, our company has submitted an application to the relevant departments for a 10%
                  preferential tax rate for key software enterprises in 2023 and obtained approval.




112
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2024



                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    5.1 Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                           As at                  As at
                                                                                        June 30,           December 31,
         Item                                                                              2024                   2023
         Cash on hand                                                                 13,686.53                16,950.85
         Digital currency                                                          2,242,273.23             1,321,820.12
         Cash at bank                                                          9,582,491,402.36         7,304,225,950.72
         Other cash and cash equivalents                                          24,915,966.61            61,989,731.68
         Deposit of money with the finance company


         Total                                                                 9,609,663,328.73         7,367,554,453.37


         Including: The total amount deposited abroad                            214,410,718.33           224,732,324.73
                    Amounts deposited overseas with restrictions
                      on repatriation of funds


    5.2 Financial assets held for trading

                                                                                           As at                  As at
                                                                                        June 30,           December 31,
         Item                                                                              2024                   2023
         Financial assets measured at fair value through the
           current profit or loss                                              2,702,068,287.67         3,504,856,849.32
         Including: Debt instrument investments                                2,702,068,287.67         3,504,856,849.32


         Total                                                                 2,702,068,287.67         3,504,856,849.32

        Note: Investment in debt instruments is structured bank deposits (floating income) issued by China Construction Bank,
              Bank of Beijing and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China held by the Group, with an annual interest rate
              of 1.20%–2.70% and a maturity of 183 days, which cannot be withdrawn before maturity.




                                                                                                                       113
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.3 Notes receivable
            5.3.1 Breakdown of the notes receivable


                                                                                                                                                        As at                                As at
                                                                                                                                                     June 30,                         December 31,
                   Item                                                                                                                                 2024                                 2023
                   Bank acceptance bills                                                                                            197,883,534.11                                    120,521,325.41
                   Commercial acceptance bills                                                                                       38,416,588.05                                    108,643,612.44
                   Less: Provision for bad debts                                                                                      1,595,464.66                                      9,386,642.56


                   Total                                                                                                            234,704,657.50                                    219,778,295.29


            5.3.2 Disclosure of notes receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by category


                                                                              As at June 30, 2024                                                              As at December 31, 2023
                                                      Book balance                Provision for bad debts                                 Book balance                Provision for bad debts
                                                                                                    Proportion                                                                         Proportion
                                                                 Proportion                         of provision            Book                      Proportion                      of provision             Book
                   Category                           Amount           (%)             Amount               (%)            value          Amount             (%)           Amount               (%)           value

                   Provision for bad debts
                           accrued on an
                           individual basis
                   Provision for bad debts on
                           portfolio basis of
                           credit risk
                           characteristics      236,300,122.16       100.00        1,595,464.66            0.68    234,704,657.50   229,164,937.85       100.00        9,386,642.56          4.10     219,778,295.29


                   Total                        236,300,122.16       100.00        1,595,464.66                    234,704,657.50   229,164,937.85       100.00        9,386,642.56                   219,778,295.29




114
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2024



                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.3 Notes receivable (Continued)
        5.3.2 Disclosure of notes receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by category
              (Continued)
             Provision for bad debts on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

             Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                              As at June 30, 2024
                                                                                    Provision for         Proportion of
              Name                                  Notes receivable                   bad debts          provision (%)
              Non-related parties                     236,300,122.16                 1,595,464.66                  0.68


              Total                                   236,300,122.16                 1,595,464.66


        5.3.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2024


                                           As at                    Changes in the current period                    As at
                                    December 31,                       Reversal or   Write-off or     Other      June 30,
              Category                      2023        Provision         recovery    charge-off    changes          2024

              Non-related parties    9,386,642.56   –7,791,177.90                                             1,595,464.66


              Total                  9,386,642.56   –7,791,177.90                                             1,595,464.66



        5.3.4 Notes receivable pledged as at June 30, 2024
             None.

        5.3.5 Notes receivable endorsed or discounted but undue as at June 30, 2024
             None.

        5.3.6 Notes receivable actually written off in the current period
             None.




                                                                                                                     115
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.4 Accounts receivable
            5.4.1 Disclosure of accounts receivable (based on invoice date)


                                                                                                                                                              As at                              As at
                                                                                                                                                           June 30,                       December 31,
                   Aging                                                                                                                                      2024                               2023
                   Within 1 year                                                                                                        4,149,025,920.08                             3,758,113,464.24
                   Including: Subitem within 1 year
                   Within 6 months                                                                                                      2,858,687,758.75                             2,650,364,807.68
                   7–12 months                                                                                                          1,290,338,161.33                             1,107,748,656.56
                   1–2 years                                                                                                            1,447,220,566.00                               976,939,270.45
                   2–3 years                                                                                                              248,713,476.03                               330,305,514.11
                   3–4 years                                                                                                              129,521,942.88                               147,989,677.69
                   4–5 years                                                                                                               98,892,910.07                               126,510,793.40
                   Over 5 years                                                                                                           190,959,826.59                               170,485,619.48
                   Sub-total                                                                                                            6,264,334,641.65                             5,510,344,339.37
                   Less: Provision for bad debts                                                                                          927,922,132.61                               990,832,363.26


                   Total                                                                                                                5,336,412,509.04                             4,519,511,976.11


            5.4.2 Disclosure of accounts receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by category


                                                                                As at June 30, 2024                                                                 As at December 31, 2023
                                                        Book balance                Provision for bad debts                                    Book balance                Provision for bad debts
                                                                                                      Proportion                                                                           Proportion
                                                                   Proportion                         of provision              Book                       Proportion                     of provision
                   Category                             Amount           (%)             Amount               (%)              value            Amount            (%)           Amount               (%)        Book value

                   Provision for bad debts
                           accrued on an
                           individual basis      893,869,200.09         14.27      641,998,839.89           71.82     251,870,360.20     811,722,325.66         14.73    558,364,846.35         68.79       253,357,479.31
                   Provision for bad debts
                           accrued on a
                           portfolio basis of
                           credit risk
                           characteristics      5,370,465,441.56        85.73      285,923,292.72            5.32    5,084,542,148.84   4,698,622,013.71        85.27    432,467,516.91          9.20      4,266,154,496.80


                   Total                        6,264,334,641.65       100.00      927,922,132.61                    5,336,412,509.04   5,510,344,339.37      100.00     990,832,363.26                    4,519,511,976.11




116
                                                                                                            Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.4 Accounts receivable (Continued)
        5.4.2 Disclosure of accounts receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by category
              (Continued)
             Provision for bad debts accrued on an individual basis:

                                                      As at June 30, 2024                            As at December 31, 2023
                                                                Proportion of
                                                  Provision for    provision    Reason for                           Provision for
              Name               Book balance        bad debts           (%)    provision          Book balance        bad debts
              Customer 1        316,576,520.47   122,390,425.99        38.66    Poor financial     283,453,191.25    84,417,348.93
                                                                                  situation
              Customer 2        183,912,665.44   183,048,986.24        99.53    Uncertainty        183,048,986.24   183,048,986.24
                                                                                  about
                                                                                  recoverability
              Customer 3        132,318,954.94   127,221,532.43        96.15    Poor financial     147,687,647.49   142,872,847.14
                                                                                  situation
              Customer 4         58,515,108.11    52,812,626.72        90.25    Poor financial      71,400,071.04    65,788,881.34
                                                                                  situation,
                                                                                  involved in
                                                                                  lawsuits
              Customer 5         53,500,262.44    38,743,138.77        72.42    Poor financial      21,321,355.08     4,968,989.70
                                                                                  situation
              Customer 6         50,948,081.80    36,230,317.70        71.11    Poor financial      20,314,198.33     8,616,172.07
                                                                                  situation
              Customer 7         26,270,883.74    14,861,739.08        56.57    Poor financial      15,900,985.20     5,786,683.29
                                                                                  situation
              Customer 8         20,191,581.72    20,191,581.72       100.00    Company closed      20,047,782.79    20,047,782.79
              Other customers    51,635,141.43    46,498,491.24        90.05                        48,548,108.24    42,817,154.85


              Total             893,869,200.09   641,998,839.89                                    811,722,325.66   558,364,846.35




                                                                                                                             117
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.4 Accounts receivable (Continued)
            5.4.2 Disclosure of accounts receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by category
                  (Continued)
                  Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

                  Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                                  As at June 30, 2024
                                                                                 Accounts               Provision for                       Proportion of
                   Name                                                         receivable                 bad debts                        provision (%)
                   Accounts receivable from
                     third-parties                                       1,950,699,654.54                285,923,292.72                                  14.66
                   Accounts receivable from
                     related parties                                     3,419,765,787.02


                   Total                                                 5,370,465,441.56                285,923,292.72


            5.4.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2024


                                                                                       Changes in the current period
                                                     As at                                                                Effect of   Change of the            As at
                                             December 31,                         Reversal/                        exchange rate      consolidation        June 30,
                   Category                           2023          Provision     Recovery    Resale/write-off     “–” for losses            scope             2024

                   Provision for bad debts
                       accrued on an
                       individual basis      558,364,846.35     83,955,902.34    563,914.09                            –242,005.29                    641,998,839.89
                   Provision for bad debts
                       accrued on a
                       portfolio basis       432,467,516.91   –141,264,811.31                                           –29,160.84     5,308,573.72   285,923,292.72


                   Total                     990,832,363.26    –57,308,908.97    563,914.09                            –271,166.13     5,308,573.72   927,922,132.61




118
                                                                                         Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.4 Accounts receivable (Continued)
        5.4.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2024 (Continued)
             Among them, the important accounts receivable reversal or recovery:


                                                                               The basis and rationality for
                                                     Reason for   Recovery     determining the original bad
              Name               Reversal/Recovery   reversal     method       debt provision
              Customer 3                563,914.09   Receive      Customer     Liquidity difficulties
                                                       payment      Payment


              Total                     563,914.09


        5.4.4 Accounts receivable actually charged off in 2024
             None.

        5.4.5 Top five of accounts receivable as at June 31, 2024, presented by debtors
             The sum amount of top five of accounts receivable and contract assets presented by debtors
             is RMB3,047,202,833.34, accounting for 47.20% of the ending balance of accounts receivable
             and contract assets, and the corresponding ending balance of provision for bad debts is
             RMB235,125,601.38.




                                                                                                        119
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.5 Advances to suppliers
            5.5.1 Presentation of advances to suppliers by aging


                                                 As at June 30, 2024              As at December 31, 2023
                     Aging                       Amount      Proportion (%)          Amount    Proportion (%)
                     Within 1 year         166,523,352.16            84.79    105,870,577.30             78.26
                     1 to 2 years            7,406,607.59             3.77     11,867,250.02              8.77
                     2 to 3 years            9,342,209.58             4.76      4,681,454.56              3.46
                     Over 3 years           13,115,283.33             6.68     12,868,218.79              9.51
                     Sub-total             196,387,452.66           100.00    135,287,500.67            100.00


                     Less: Provision for
                             bad debts       3,562,755.57                       3,562,755.57


                     Total                 192,824,697.09                     131,724,745.10


            5.5.2 Top five of advances to suppliers as at June 30, 2024, presented by prepaid objects
                  The sum amount of top five advances to suppliers presented based on the concentration
                  ratio of prepaid objects amounted to RMB86,884,060.52, accounting for 45.06% of total
                  ending balance of advances to suppliers.

      5.6 Other receivables

                                                                                    As at               As at
                                                                                 June 30,        December 31,
             Item                                                                   2024                2023
             Interest receivable
             Dividends receivable                                                                     56,000.00
             Other receivables                                            2,203,695,429.13     1,967,278,228.40


             Total                                                        2,203,695,429.13     1,967,334,228.40




120
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024



                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
        5.6.1 Dividends receivable
             Details of dividends receivable


                                                                                  As at              As at
                                                                               June 30,       December 31,
              Item (or investee)                                                  2024               2023
              Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd                                           56,000.00
              Subtotal                                                                            56,000.00


              Less: Provision for bad debts


              Total                                                                               56,000.00


        5.6.2 Other receivables
             (1)   Disclosure by aging


                                                                                  As at              As at
                                                                               June 30,       December 31,
                      Aging                                                       2024               2023
                      Within 1 year                                     2,142,223,530.07    1,896,783,993.08
                      Including: Subitem within 1 year
                      Within 6 months                                   2,105,388,460.66    1,888,894,891.87
                      7–12 months                                          36,835,069.41        7,889,101.21
                      1–2 years                                            11,793,566.41       18,305,772.32
                      2–3 years                                            10,705,116.36       27,004,333.35
                      3–4 years                                            25,095,342.44        9,657,274.97
                      4–5 years                                             8,674,565.35        8,334,155.88
                      Over 5 years                                          5,310,695.77        7,849,060.46
                      Sub-total                                         2,203,802,816.40    1,967,934,590.06


                      Less: Provision for bad debts                          107,387.27          656,361.66


                      Total                                             2,203,695,429.13    1,967,278,228.40




                                                                                                         121
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
            5.6.2 Other receivables (Continued)
                 (2)   Disclosure of other receivables under the methods of provision for bad debts by
                       category

                                                                             As at June 30, 2024                                                                 As at December 31, 2023
                                                          Book balance             Provision for bad debts                                 Book balance                   Provision for bad debts
                                                                                                    Proportion                                                                              Proportion
                                                                  Proportion                       of provision                                         Proportion                         of provision
                         Category                          Amount        (%)             Amount             (%)        Book value            Amount            (%)               Amount             (%)        Book value

                         Provision for bad debts
                              accrued on a
                              portfolio basis                                                                                             731,965.85          0.04            548,974.39         75.00         182,991.46
                         Provision for bad debts
                              on portfolio basis
                              of credit risk
                              characteristics      2,203,802,816.40      100.00         107,387.27                2,203,695,429.13   1,967,202,624.21        99.96            107,387.27          0.01 1,967,095,236.94


                         Total                     2,203,802,816.40      100.00         107,387.27                2,203,695,429.13   1,967,934,590.06       100.00            656,361.66                  1,967,278,228.40



                        Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

                        Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                                                             As at June 30, 2024
                                                                                                                                   Provision for                                       Proportion of
                         Name                                                     Other receivables                                   bad debts                                        provision (%)
                         Non-related parties                                       1,549,190,450.26                                         107,387.27                                                       0.01
                         Related Parties                                             654,612,366.14


                         Total                                                     2,203,802,816.40                                         107,387.27




122
                                                                                                    Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
        5.6.2 Other receivables (Continued)
             (3)   Provision for bad debts


                                                     Phase 1           Phase 2           Phase 3
                                                                Expected credit   Expected credit
                                                                 losses for the    losses for the
                                              Expected credit   entire duration   entire duration
                                                losses in the        (no credit           (credit
                    Provision for bad debts   next 12 months       impairment)       impairment)                Total
                    Balance as at December
                      31, 2023                                      107,387.27        548,974.39           656,361.66
                    Balance as at
                      December 31, 2023
                      in the current year
                    — Transfer to Phase 2
                    — Transfer to Phase 3
                    — Reversal from Phase 2
                    — Reversal from Phase 1
                    Provision in 2024
                    Reversal in 2024
                    Write-off in 2024
                    Charge-off in 2024
                    Other changes                                                    –548,974.39          –548,974.39
                    Balance as at June 30,
                      2024                                          107,387.27                             107,387.27




                                                                                                                  123
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
            5.6.2 Other receivables (Continued)
                  (3)   Provision for bad debts (Continued)
                        Changes in the book balance of other receivables are as follows:

                                                          Phase 1            Phase 2           Phase 3
                                                                      Expected credit   Expected credit
                                                                       losses for the    losses for the
                                                   Expected credit    entire duration   entire duration
                                                      losses in the        (no credit           (credit
                         Provision for bad debts   next 12 months        impairment)       impairment)               Total
                         Balance as at December
                           31, 2023                1,967,095,236.94       107,387.27        731,965.85    1,967,934,590.06
                         Balance as at
                           December 31, 2023
                           in the current year
                         — Transfer to Phase 2
                         — Transfer to Phase 3
                         — Reversal from Phase 2
                         — Reversal from Phase 1
                         Increase in 2024           260,430,600.11                                         260,430,600.11
                         Derecognition in 2024
                         Other changes              –23,830,407.92                         –731,965.85     –24,562,373.77
                         Balance as at June 30,
                           2024                    2,203,695,429.13       107,387.27                      2,203,802,816.40




124
                                                                                                           Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
        5.6.2 Other receivables (Continued)
             (4)   Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2024


                                                                      Changes in the current period
                                                As at                                                  Change in         As at
                                         December 31,                     Reversal/        Resale/       scope of     June 30,
                    Category                     2023     Provision        Recovery       write-off consolidation        2024

                    Accrued on an
                      individual basis      548,974.39                                                –548,974.39
                    Accrued on a
                      portfolio basis       107,387.27                                                              107,387.27


                    Total                   656,361.66                                                –548,974.39   107,387.27


             (5)   Classification of other receivables by the nature of payment


                                                                                              As at                  As at
                                                                                           June 30,           December 31,
                    Nature                                                                    2024                   2023
                    Various margin, deposit and loan of reserve
                      fund                                                           34,124,830.35             25,326,971.44
                    Current loan                                                    103,724,235.07            131,981,901.88
                    Settlement and clearing payments                                970,380,988.13            962,165,267.29
                    Factoring receivables                                         1,095,572,762.85            848,460,449.45


                    Total                                                         2,203,802,816.40          1,967,934,590.06


             (6)   Top five of other receivable as at June 30, 2024, presented by debtors
                   The summary amount of top five of other receivables presented by debtors is
                   RMB797,365,753.45, accounting for 36.19% of the total ending balances of other
                   receivables. The corresponding provision for bad debts has a summary amount of
                   RMB0.00 at the end of the period.




                                                                                                                         125
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.7 Inventories
            Classification of inventories


                                                       As at June 30, 2024                                   As at December 31, 2023
                                                           Provision for                                               Provision for
             Category                  Book balance         depreciation         Book value       Book balance         depreciation          Book value
             Merchandise
                inventories          120,911,619.45                          120,911,619.45       78,812,378.20                         78,812,378.20
             Contract
                performance cost       21,572,202.55                          21,572,202.55        7,128,900.45                             7,128,900.45


             Total                   142,483,822.00                          142,483,822.00       85,941,278.65                         85,941,278.65


      5.8 Contract assets
            5.8.1 Contract assets


                                                             As at June 30, 2024                                  As at December 31, 2023
                                                                 Provision for                                          Provision for
                     Item                     Book balance         impairment        Book value     Book balance          impairment        Book value
                     System integration
                        service contracts    191,496,893.46      10,663,545.35 180,833,348.11        37,512,917.95       4,643,369.87   32,869,548.08


                     Total                   191,496,893.46      10,663,545.35 180,833,348.11        37,512,917.95       4,643,369.87   32,869,548.08


            5.8.2 Amount from significant change in book value and reason therefor during the reporting
                  period


                     Item                                     Changed amount              Reason for change
                     System integration service                   147,963,800.03          Amount increased due to changes in
                       contracts                                                           performance progress measurement


                     Total                                        147,963,800.03




126
                                                                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2024



                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.8 Contract assets (Continued)
        5.8.3 Classification disclosure of contract assets under method of provision for impairment


                                                                       As at June 30, 2024                                                         As at December 31, 2023
                                               Book balance                Provision for bad debts                              Book balance             Provision for bad debts
                                                                                             Proportion                                                                   Proportion
                                                                                                     of                                                                            of
                                                          Proportion                          provision                                    Proportion                      provision
              Category                         Amount           (%)             Amount             (%)       Book value         Amount            (%)         Amount             (%)       Book value

              Provision for
                  impairment accrued
                  on an individual
                  basis                       70,000.00         0.04          70,000.00         100.00                       700,045.00          1.87       113,376.00         16.20       586,669.00
              Provision for
                  impairment accrued
                  on a portfolio basis
                  of credit risk
                  characteristics        191,426,893.46        99.96      10,593,545.35            5.53   180,833,348.11   36,812,872.95        98.13     4,529,993.87         12.31     32,282,879.08


              Total                      191,496,893.46       100.00      10,663,545.35                   180,833,348.11   37,512,917.95       100.00     4,643,369.87                   32,869,548.08



             Provision for impairment accrued on an individual basis:

                                                                                                                                                                         As at December
                                                                                             As at June 30, 2024                                                             31, 2023
                                                                             Provision for Proportion of                                                                            Provision for
              Name                                          Amount             impairment provision (%)                     Reason for provision                    Amount impairment
              Customer A                                  70,000.00               70,000.00                     100.00      Expected to be                      378,000.00              106,437.45
                                                                                                                                 unrecoverable
              Customer B                                                                                                                                        320,915.00                5,808.55
              Customer C                                                                                                                                            1,130.00              1,130.00


              Total                                       70,000.00               70,000.00                                                                     700,045.00              113,376.00




                                                                                                                                                                                              127
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.8 Contract assets (Continued)
            5.8.3 Classification disclosure of contract assets under method of provision for impairment
                  (Continued)
                  Provision for impairment accrued on a portfolio basis:

                  Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                       Balance as at June 30, 2024
                                                                                Provision for            Proportion of
                   Name                                   Contract assets         impairment             provision (%)
                   Non-related parties                     167,887,425.97        10,593,545.35                    6.31
                   Related Parties                          23,539,467.49


                   Total                                   191,426,893.46        10,593,545.35


            5.8.4 Provision for impairment of contract assets in 2024


                                                     Balance                                                    Balance
                                                        as at                                Change of the         as at
                                                December 31,    Provision in   Reversal in   consolidation      June 30,
                   Item                                 2023           2024          2024           scope          2024
                   System integration service
                     contracts                   4,643,369.87   6,021,305.48                      1,130.00 10,663,545.35


                   Total                         4,643,369.87   6,021,305.48                      1,130.00 10,663,545.35




128
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2024



                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.9 Non-current assets maturing within one year

                                                                                            As at                  As at
                                                                                         June 30,           December 31,
         Item                                                                               2024                   2023
         Time deposits and interest within one year                                88,121,611.09           107,231,444.45


         Total                                                                     88,121,611.09           107,231,444.45


        Note: The time deposits are RMB time deposit certificates held by China Minsheng Bank Co., Ltd. and Bank of
              Communications Co., Ltd., of which: the principal of China Minsheng Bank Co., Ltd. is RMB40,000,000.00, the
              annual interest rate of the deposit certificate is 3.55%, and the term is 1,097 days; the principal of Bank of
              Communications Co., Ltd. is RMB40,000,000.00, the annual interest rate of the certificate of deposit is 3.55%,
              and the term is 1,097 days.


    5.10 Other current assets

                                                                                            As at                  As at
                                                                                         June 30,           December 31,
         Item                                                                               2024                   2023
         Creditor’s right investment                                               50,482,444.44            50,392,277.77
         Retained for VAT                                                         140,133,701.10           130,778,954.49
         Prepaid taxes                                                             14,504,315.79             8,230,990.12


         Total                                                                    205,120,461.33           189,402,222.38


        Note: Time deposits are RMB time deposit certificates held within one year of China Minsheng Bank Co., Ltd. and
              Bank of Communications Co., Ltd., of which: the principal of China Minsheng Bank Co., Ltd. is
              RMB30,000,000.00, the annual interest rate of the certificate of deposit is 2.10%, and the term is 365 days; the
              principal of Bank of Communications Co., Ltd. is RMB20,000,000.00, the annual interest rate of the certificate
              of deposit is 2.00%, and the term is 365 days.




                                                                                                                        129
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.11 Long-term equity investments
            Details of long-term equity investments

                                                                                     Balance of                                                        Increase/decrease in 2024
                                                                                   provision for                                     Gain/loss on   Adjustment to                                                                                        Balance of
                                                                               impairment as at                                      investments            other                      Cash dividends or                                               provision for
                                                             As at December       December 31,        Increase in   Decrease in recognized under    comprehensive Change in other       profits declared   Provision for            As at June 30, impairment as at
             Investees                                             31, 2023                2023      investments    investments    equity method          income      equity change to be distributed       impairment     Others            2024     June 30, 2024

             1. Joint ventures
                Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network
                         Co., Ltd.                             22,726,937.99                                                         1,915,487.92                                                                                    24,642,425.91
                Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC           28,655,181.25                                                           567,391.55                                                                                    29,222,572.80
                Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd. 14,531,132.69                                                              1,398,166.77                                                                                    15,929,299.46
                Shanghai Dongmei Online Travel Agency
                         Co., Ltd.                                 12,966.80                                                           –12,966.80
                Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and
                         Technology Co., Ltd.                  20,397,570.68                                                        –6,338,111.89                                                                                    14,059,458.79
                Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co.,
                         Ltd.                                                                      112,973,157.18                      212,916.04                                                                                   113,186,073.22
             Sub-total                                         86,323,789.41                       112,973,157.18                   –2,257,116.41                                                                                   197,039,830.18
             2. Associates
                Beijing TravelSky Birun Technology Co.,
                         Ltd.                                  54,619,338.39                                                         2,473,923.96                                                                                    57,093,262.35
                TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited           202,003,109.79                                                        –7,252,511.30                      48,777,268.21                                                243,527,866.70
                Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares
                         System Integration Co., Ltd.          94,586,238.86                                                        –2,515,394.75                                                                                    92,070,844.11
                Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares
                         Co., Ltd.                            150,363,265.30                                                         4,307,550.52                                                                                   154,670,815.82
                Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares
                         Co., Ltd.                             87,975,470.75                                                         6,921,903.94                                                                                    94,897,374.69
                Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co.,
                         Ltd.                                  51,537,432.43                       –51,537,432.43
                Guangzhou Skyecho Information
                         Technology Co., Ltd.                   7,138,082.86                                                           402,671.06                                                                                     7,540,753.92
                Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.      7,242,591.41                                                            40,210.89                                                                                     7,282,802.30
             Sub-total                                        655,465,529.79                       –51,537,432.43                    4,378,354.32                      48,777,268.21                                                657,083,719.89


             Total                                            741,789,319.20                        61,435,724.75                    2,121,237.91                      48,777,268.21                                                854,123,550.07




130
                                                                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2024



                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                                           (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.12 Investments in other equity instruments
        Details of other equity instrument investments


                                                                                                                Accumulated        Accumulated
                                                                           Profit recognized Loss charged to   profit in other   losses in other
                                                                                   in other            other   comprehensive     comprehensive Dividend income
                                                  As at           As at     comprehensive     comprehensive    income at the      income at the     recognized     Reasons for designation as at fair
                                              June 30,    December 31,      income for the    income for the       end of the        end of the      during the    value through other comprehensive
         Item                                     2024             2023             period            period           period            period          period    income

         China Merchants RenHe Life      882,453,000.00   830,473,800.00      51,979,200.00                      7,453,000.00                                      Investment held by the Company for
             Insurance Company Limited                                                                                                                                 non-trading purposes



         Total                           882,453,000.00   830,473,800.00      51,979,200.00                      7,453,000.00




    5.13 Other non-current financial assets

                                                                                                                                         As at                             As at
                                                                                                                                      June 30,                      December 31,
         Item                                                                                                                            2024                              2023
         Financial assets measured at fair value through the
           current profit or loss                                                                                       783,819,158.05                              786,903,313.48
         Including: equity instrument investments                                                                       783,819,158.05                              786,903,313.48


         Total                                                                                                          783,819,158.05                              786,903,313.48

        Note: The equity instrument investment is the equity of China Mobile Equity Fund (Hebei Xiong’an) Partnership (Limited
              Partnership) held by the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                                              131
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.14 Investment properties
            5.14.1 Investment properties measured at cost


                                                            Buildings and
                   Item                                     constructions    Land use right            Total
                   1. Original book value
                      (1) As at December 31, 2023           142,507,802.11    92,427,128.90   234,934,931.01
                      (2) Increase in 2024
                      (3) Decrease in 2024                     513,948.64                        513,948.64
                          — Change of the consolidation
                               scope                            513,948.64                        513,948.64
                      (4) As at June 30, 2024               141,993,853.47    92,427,128.90   234,420,982.37
                   2. Accumulated depreciation
                      (1) As at December 31, 2023           106,942,971.49    34,126,425.98   141,069,397.47
                      (2) Increase in 2024                    3,296,097.18     1,143,428.40     4,439,525.58
                          — Provision                         3,296,097.18     1,143,428.40     4,439,525.58
                      (3) Decrease in 2024                      498,530.18                        498,530.18
                          — Change of the consolidation
                               scope                            498,530.18                        498,530.18
                      (4) As at June 30, 2024               109,740,538.49    35,269,854.38   145,010,392.87
                   3. Provision for impairment
                      (1) As at December 31, 2023
                      (2) Increase in 2024
                      (3) Decrease in 2024
                      (4) As at June 30, 2024
                   4. Book value
                      (1) As at June 30, 2024                32,253,314.98    57,157,274.52    89,410,589.50
                      (2) As at December 31, 2023            35,564,830.62    58,300,702.92    93,865,533.54




132
                                                                                        Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.14 Investment properties (Continued)
        5.14.2 Investment properties with pending certificate of title
             None.

    5.15 Fixed assets
        5.15.1 Fixed assets and disposal of fixed assets


                                                                               As at             As at
                                                                            June 30,      December 31,
              Item                                                             2024              2023
              Fixed assets                                           3,029,481,354.68   3,192,752,325.85
              Disposal of fixed assets                                     214,691.76          76,437.45


              Total                                                  3,029,696,046.44   3,192,828,763.30




                                                                                                      133
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
            5.15.2 Breakdown of fixed assets


                                                       Buildings and         Machinery                            Electronic           Office
                   Item                                constructions         equipment     Motor vehicles        equipment        equipment           Others               Total

                   1. Original book value
                      (1) As at December 31, 2023    3,008,269,799.21   1,679,239,407.34    69,997,115.02   2,573,097,120.05   299,308,753.42   26,895,175.80   7,656,807,370.84
                      (2) Increase in 2024                                                                    33,125,467.70      4,032,352.35      76,506.91      37,234,326.96
                          — Purchase                                                                          33,125,467.70      4,032,352.35      76,506.91      37,234,326.96
                      (3) Decrease in 2024             10,065,419.20         661,899.69      4,652,433.67     19,842,129.45      3,770,274.08      –6,628.18      38,985,527.91
                          — Disposal or scrapping                            661,899.69      2,330,186.69     19,676,222.04      1,931,406.18        2,374.00     24,602,088.60
                          — Effect of foreign
                               exchange                                                                          165,907.41       110,835.72       –9,002.18         267,740.95
                          — Change of the
                               consolidation scope     10,065,419.20                         2,322,246.98                        1,728,032.18                     14,115,698.36
                      (4) As at June 30, 2024        2,998,204,380.01   1,678,577,507.65    65,344,681.35   2,586,380,458.30   299,570,831.69   26,978,310.89   7,655,056,169.89
                   2. Accumulated depreciation
                      (1) As at December 31, 2023     818,741,644.26    1,251,521,774.93    62,273,826.48   2,049,413,693.49   245,524,119.22   23,366,464.57   4,450,841,522.95
                      (2) Increase in 2024             19,146,131.23      67,220,641.50        947,842.20    100,305,224.96      8,367,679.02     670,592.78     196,658,111.69
                          — Provision                  19,146,131.23      67,220,641.50        947,842.20    100,305,224.96      8,367,679.02     670,592.78     196,658,111.69
                      (3) Decrease in 2024               7,932,434.34         64,204.27      4,512,827.10     19,240,646.04      3,393,018.05      –6,136.83      35,136,992.97
                          — Disposal or scrapping                             64,204.27      2,260,281.36     19,085,906.29      1,872,712.31        2,302.78     23,285,407.01
                          — Effect of foreign
                               exchange                                                                          154,739.75       110,119.99       –8,439.61         256,420.13
                          — Change of the
                               consolidation scope       7,932,434.34                        2,252,545.74                        1,410,185.75                     11,595,165.83
                      (4) As at June 30, 2024         829,955,341.15    1,318,678,212.16    58,708,841.58   2,130,478,272.41   250,498,780.19   24,043,194.18   4,612,362,641.67
                   3. Provision for impairment
                      (1) As at December 31, 2023                           6,322,675.59                        6,890,846.45                                      13,213,522.04
                      (2) Increase in 2024
                      (3) Decrease in 2024                                                                          1,348.50                                            1,348.50
                          — Disposal or scrapping                                                                   1,348.50                                            1,348.50
                      (4) As at June 30, 2024                               6,322,675.59                        6,889,497.95                                      13,212,173.54
                   4. Book value
                      (1) As at June 30, 2024        2,168,249,038.86    353,576,619.90      6,635,839.77    449,012,687.94     49,072,051.50    2,935,116.71   3,029,481,354.68
                      (2) As at December 31, 2023    2,189,528,154.95    421,394,956.82      7,723,288.54    516,792,580.11     53,784,634.20    3,528,711.23   3,192,752,325.85




134
                                                                                               Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
        5.15.3 Details of fixed assets leased under operating lease


                                                           Buildings and
               Item                                        constructions    Office equipment              Total
               1. Original book value
                  (1) As at December 31, 2023              179,379,269.21       5,319,202.87     184,698,472.08
                  (2) Increase in 2024
                  (3) Decrease in 2024
                  (4) As at June 30, 2024                  179,379,269.21       5,319,202.87     184,698,472.08
               2.Accumulated depreciation
                  (1) As at December 31, 2023               16,788,101.90       4,320,959.30      21,109,061.20
                  (2) Increase in 2024                       1,413,443.09         335,227.56       1,748,670.65
                      — Provision                            1,413,443.09         335,227.56       1,748,670.65
                  (3) Decrease in 2024
                  (4) As at June 30, 2024                   18,201,544.99       4,656,186.86      22,857,731.85
               3. Provision for impairment
                  (1) As at December 31, 2023
                  (2) Increase in 2024
                  (3) Decrease in 2024
                  (4) As at June 30, 2024
               4. Book value
                  (1) As at June 30, 2024                  161,177,724.22         663,016.01     161,840,740.23
                  (2) As at December 31, 2023              162,591,167.31         998,243.57     163,589,410.88


        5.15.4 Fixed assets without certificate of title


                                                                                  Reason for failure to
                                                                                  complete the formalities for
               Item                                                Book value     the certificate of title
               Houses and constructions in                   1,775,585,238.35     Procedures not completed
                 TravelSky Industrial Park




                                                                                                             135
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
            5.15.5 Disposal of fixed assets


                                                                                                 As at                  As at
                                                                                              June 30,           December 31,
                   Item                                                                          2024                   2023
                   Scrapping of fixed assets to be approved                                214,691.76                  76,437.45


                   Total                                                                   214,691.76                  76,437.45


      5.16 Construction in progress
            5.16.1 Construction in progress and project materials


                                                   As at June 30, 2024                          As at December 31, 2023
                                                       Provision for                                   Provision for
                   Item                Book balance     impairment       Book value    Book balance      impairment      Book value
                   Construction in
                     progress          21,676,051.81                   21,676,051.81   20,897,853.51                   20,897,853.51
                   Project materials


                   Total               21,676,051.81                   21,676,051.81   20,897,853.51                   20,897,853.51




136
                                                                                                                                                                                            Interim Report 2024



                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                                                            (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.16 Construction in progress (Continued)
        5.16.2 Breakdown of construction in progress


                                                                                   As at June 30, 2024                                                          As at December 31, 2023
                                                                                       Provision for                                                                   Provision for
              Item                                                     Book balance     impairment     Book value                                     Book balance      impairment      Book value
              China Aviation Information
                 Technology Industrial Park
                 Construction Project (Phase II)                       10,591,468.69                                      10,591,468.69                    9,813,270.39                                           9,813,270.39
              (Yuzhuang) Second Road Electricity
                 Project                                               11,084,583.12                                      11,084,583.12                   11,084,583.12                                         11,084,583.12


              Total                                                    21,676,051.81                                      21,676,051.81                   20,897,853.51                                         20,897,853.51


        5.16.3 Changes in major items of construction in progress in 2024

                                                                                                                                                                                            Of which: the
                                                                                                                                     Proportion of the                                         amount of
                                                                                                                                              project’s                        Cumulative        interest         Current
                                                                   As at                Transfer into         Other           As at        cumulative                           amount of capitalized in          interest
                                                            December 31,    Increase in fixed assets    decreases in       June 30, investment in the        Project               interest the current     capitalization   Sources of
              Project name                        Budget           2023           2024       in 2024           2024           2024         budget (%)        progress        capitalization        period        rate (%)    funds

              China Aviation Information   938,492,800.00    9,813,270.39   778,198.30                                 10,591,468.69               1.13      Under                                                           Own capital
                   Technology Industrial                                                                                                                      construction
                   Park Construction
                   Project (Phase II)
              (Yuzhuang) Second Road        44,290,000.00   11,084,583.12                                              11,084,583.12              25.03      Under                                                           Own capital
                   Electricity Project                                                                                                                        construction


              Total                                         20,897,853.51   778,198.30                                 21,676,051.81




                                                                                                                                                                                                                             137
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.17 Right-of-use assets

                                                          Buildings and
             Item                                         constructions      Others             Total
             1. Original book value
                (1) As at December 31, 2023               336,371,363.58   35,616.01   336,406,979.59
                (2) Increase in 2024                        7,109,939.73                 7,109,939.73
                    — New lease                             8,001,179.78                 8,001,179.78
                    — Re-evaluation adjustment               –891,240.05                  –891,240.05
                (3) Decrease in 2024                       10,466,770.56                10,466,770.56
                    — Expiration of lease                   8,973,671.49                 8,973,671.49
                    — Effect of foreign exchange              690,533.70                   690,533.70
                    — Change of the consolidation scope       124,373.16                   124,373.16
                    — Early termination                       678,192.21                   678,192.21
                (4) As at June 30, 2024                   333,014,532.75   35,616.01   333,050,148.76
             2. Accumulated depreciation
                (1) As at December 31, 2023               188,179,205.81   28,196.19   188,207,402.00
                (2) Increase in 2024                       54,553,577.38    5,936.04    54,559,513.42
                    — Provision                            55,070,480.61    5,936.04    55,076,416.65
                    — Re-evaluation adjustment               –516,903.23                  –516,903.23
                (3) Decrease in 2024                        9,717,668.30                 9,717,668.30
                    — Expiration of lease                   8,921,060.93                 8,921,060.93
                    — Effect of foreign exchange              493,626.61                   493,626.61
                    — Change of the consolidation scope        41,457.72                    41,457.72
                    — Early termination                       261,523.04                   261,523.04
                (4) As at June 30, 2024                   233,015,114.89   34,132.23   233,049,247.12
             3. Provision for impairment
                (1) As at December 31, 2023                 2,280,096.09                 2,280,096.09
                (2) Increase in 2024
                (3) Decrease in 2024                           57,298.32                    57,298.32
                    — Effect of foreign exchange               57,298.32                    57,298.32
                (4) As at June 30, 2024                     2,222,797.77                 2,222,797.77
             4. Book value
                (1) As at June 30, 2024                    97,776,620.09    1,483.78    97,778,103.87
                (2) As at December 31, 2023               145,912,061.68    7,419.82   145,919,481.50




138
                                                                                                                                                     Interim Report 2024



                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.18 Intangible assets
        5.18.1 Breakdown of intangible assets


                                                                                                                   Data resource
                                                                                   Non-patented    Obtained from     Self-developed   Obtained by
               Item                              Land use rights        Patents      technology      outsourcing      and obtained    other means          Software               Total

               1. Original book value
                  (1) As at December 31, 2023    2,061,569,129.00   1,189,751.32   68,400,477.42                                                    3,241,307,134.06   5,372,466,491.80
                  (2) Increase in 2024             12,603,743.81                                                      67,384,518.63                  –52,629,127.04      27,359,135.40
                      — Purchase                   12,603,743.81                                                                                        7,900,856.55     20,504,600.36
                      — Internal R&D                                                                                                                    6,854,535.04       6,854,535.04
                      — Split of data resource                                                                        67,384,518.63                  –67,384,518.63
                  (3) Decrease in 2024                                                                                                                  4,677,251.03       4,677,251.03
                      — Disposition                                                                                                                     2,440,226.62       2,440,226.62
                      — Effect of foreign
                           exchange                                                                                                                     2,237,024.41       2,237,024.41
                  (4) As at June 30, 2024        2,074,172,872.81   1,189,751.32   68,400,477.42                      67,384,518.63                 3,184,000,755.99   5,395,148,376.17
               2. Accumulated depreciation
                  (1) As at December 31, 2023     698,681,105.73     225,114.00    53,192,030.28                                                    2,173,231,555.30   2,925,329,805.31
                  (2) Increase in 2024             41,834,948.50      59,487.60     2,650,039.57                      28,134,698.71                  202,370,638.82     275,049,813.20
                      — Provision                  41,834,948.50      59,487.60     2,650,039.57                      20,021,149.36                  210,484,188.17     275,049,813.20
                      — Split of data resource                                                                         8,113,549.35                   –8,113,549.35
                  (3) Decrease in 2024                                                                                                                  3,528,046.93       3,528,046.93
                      — Disposition                                                                                                                     2,440,226.62       2,440,226.62
                      — Effect of foreign
                           exchange                                                                                                                     1,087,820.31       1,087,820.31
                  (4) As at June 30, 2024         740,516,054.23     284,601.60    55,842,069.85                      28,134,698.71                 2,372,074,147.19   3,196,851,571.58
               3. Provision for impairment
                  (1) As at December 31, 2023
                  (2) Increase in 2024
                  (3) Decrease in 2024
                  (4) As at June 30, 2024
               4. Book value
                  (1) As at June 30, 2024        1,333,656,818.58    905,149.72    12,558,407.57                      39,249,819.92                  811,926,608.80    2,198,296,804.59
                  (2) As at December 31, 2023    1,362,888,023.27    964,637.32    15,208,447.14                                                    1,068,075,578.76   2,447,136,686.49



             Intangible assets formed through in-house research and development accounted for 24.56%
             of the intangible asset balance at the end of the period.

        5.18.2 Intellectual property with uncertain useful life
             None.




                                                                                                                                                                               139
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.19 Goodwill
            Changes in goodwill


                                                                         Increase in 2024                 Decrease in 2024
                                                           As at    Formed from                                                                 As at
             Name of the investee or matters       December 31,     the business                                                            June 30,
             forming goodwill                               2023    combination             Others       Disposal            Others             2024

             Original book value
             Guangzhou Skyecho Information
                Technology Limited                    260,400.76                                                                          260,400.76
             OpenJaw Technologies Limited          152,334,357.62                                                                      152,334,357.62
             Sub-total                             152,594,758.38                                                                      152,594,758.38
             Provision for impairment
             Guangzhou Skyecho Information
                Technology Limited
             OpenJaw Technologies Limited          152,334,357.62                                                                      152,334,357.62
             Subtotal                              152,334,357.62                                                                      152,334,357.62


             Book value                               260,400.76                                                                          260,400.76



      5.20 Long-term deferred expenses

                                                       As at                                                                                 As at
                                               December 31,         Increase in       Amortization                   Other               June 30,
             Item                                       2023                2024               in 2024          decreases                     2024
             Various types of
                renovation and
                transformation works            4,323,367.68         321,019.91        1,102,487.35                                   3,541,900.24


             Total                              4,323,367.68         321,019.91        1,102,487.35                                   3,541,900.24




140
                                                                                                            Interim Report 2024



                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.21 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
        5.21.1 Deferred tax assets before offset


                                                          As at June 30, 2024                 As at December 31, 2023
                                                       Deductible                             Deductible
                                                       temporary       Deferred tax           temporary           Deferred tax
              Item                                     differences              assets        differences              assets
              Provision for impairment of
                  assets                           908,505,604.21    136,415,008.12       972,313,450.49        146,529,416.97
              Amortization of intangible assets    931,741,195.41    139,762,891.10       904,987,192.12        135,749,790.61
              Fixed assets depreciation                184,776.18         30,488.07           183,460.24             30,270.94
              Employee compensation payable
                  accrued more than actually
                  paid                             140,100,008.33     21,015,001.25       148,392,851.11         22,258,927.67
              Accrued expenses                    1,149,614,871.13   172,442,230.67      1,274,308,625.39       191,146,293.81
              Deductible losses                      1,716,602.30        429,150.58
              Lease liabilities                    109,884,921.88     16,269,806.60       154,478,997.39         23,250,110.69
              Changes in the fair value of
                  investments in other equity
                  instruments                                                              42,216,878.06          6,297,891.88
              Contract liabilities                 434,012,684.07     65,101,902.61       434,153,064.08         65,122,959.61
              Number of offsets                    –97,051,709.39    –14,380,512.21      –140,606,170.53        –21,090,925.58


              Total                               3,578,708,954.12   537,085,966.79      3,790,428,348.35       569,294,736.60




                                                                                                                          141
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.21 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
            5.21.2 Deferred tax liabilities before offset


                                                              As at June 30, 2024                As at December 31, 2023
                                                              Taxable                               Taxable
                                                            temporary      Deferred tax           temporary      Deferred tax
                   Item                                    differences         liabilities       differences        liabilities
                   Changes in fair value of financial
                     assets held for trading and
                     other non-current financial
                     assets                             103,641,921.75    15,546,288.26       108,014,269.31    16,202,140.40
                   Temporary difference arising
                     from accelerated depreciation
                     of fixed assets                     38,070,538.05      6,453,499.74       36,918,619.89     6,140,442.12
                   Taxable difference arising from
                     asset evaluation increment          29,593,105.94      7,245,559.17       31,479,791.23     7,649,911.62
                   Temporary differences in
                     right-of-use assets                 97,673,812.76    14,505,109.51       140,285,150.24    21,184,352.87
                   Amortization of intangible assets     42,888,970.72      5,361,121.34       43,994,544.16     5,499,318.02
                   Changes in the fair value of
                     investments in other equity
                     instruments                          7,453,000.00      1,117,950.00
                   Number of offsets                    –97,051,709.39   –14,380,512.21      –140,606,170.53   –21,090,925.58


                   Total                                222,269,639.83    35,849,015.81       220,086,204.30    35,585,239.45




142
                                                                                       Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.21 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
        5.21.3 Details of unrecognized deferred tax assets


                                                                             As at              As at
                                                                          June 30,       December 31,
              Item                                                           2024               2023
              Deductible temporary differences
              Deductible losses                                      43,755,842.18        25,286,096.14


              Total                                                  43,755,842.18        25,286,096.14



        5.21.4 Deductible losses from unrecognized deferred tax assets will be expired in the following
               years


                                                          As at             As at
                                                       June 30,      December 31,
              Year                                        2024              2023      Remark
              2026                                    71,307.84        3,845,181.67
              2027                                 4,267,524.96        2,073,366.07
              2028                                 4,931,070.14        4,931,070.14
              2029                                24,345,742.18        3,144,399.65
              2030                                 2,485,606.98        2,485,606.98
              2031                                                       415,383.77
              2032                                                     2,194,158.89
              2033                                 6,196,928.97        6,196,928.97
              2034                                 1,457,661.11


              Total                               43,755,842.18       25,286,096.14




                                                                                                     143
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.22 Other non-current assets

                                                            As at June 30, 2024                                                    As at December 31, 2023
                                                                   Provision for                                                           Provision for
       Item                                 Book balance                impairment               Book value         Book balance             impairment               Book value
       Bank deposits over one
          year                            542,640,028.92                                   542,640,028.92           514,671,917.81                                514,671,917.81


       Total                              542,640,028.92                                   542,640,028.92           514,671,917.81                                514,671,917.81


      Note: Time deposits held with China Construction Bank and Ping An Bank for more than one year, of which
            RMB500,000,000.00 in China Construction Bank, certificates of deposit bear interest at 3.1% per annum for 1,097
            days and are not revocable prior to maturity; Ping An Bank, RMB20,000,000.00, the interest rate of which is 2.6 per
            cent per annum and the term is 1,097 days.


      5.23 Assets with restricted ownership or use

                                                               As at June 30, 2024                                                          As at December 31, 2023
                                                                          Type of                                                                       Type of
                 Item                  Book balance       Book value      restriction   Restrictions                   Book balance       Book value    restriction   Restrictions

                 Cash and cash         47,123,042.39    47,123,042.39     Other         Performance bonds,             91,023,178.72    91,023,178.72   Other         Performance bonds, property
                        equivalents                                                        property preservation,                                                        preservation, access
                                                                                           access deposits for                                                           deposits for payments
                                                                                           payments
                 Other non-current    522,421,917.81   522,421,917.81     Other         Ring-fenced funds and         514,671,917.81   514,671,917.81   Other         Ring-fenced funds and
                        assets                                                             interest thereon                                                              interest thereon


                 Total                569,544,960.20   569,544,960.20                                                 605,695,096.53   605,695,096.53




144
                                                                                       Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.24 Short-term borrowings
        5.24.1 Classification of short-term borrowings


                                                                             As at               As at
                                                                          June 30,        December 31,
              Item                                                           2024                2023
              Credit borrowings                                    1,151,999,999.00      751,589,902.50


              Total                                                1,151,999,999.00      751,589,902.50


             The Company’s subsidiary, Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd., borrowed RMB500.00
             million from CITIC Bank Beijing Branch, of which RMB300.00 million was borrowed for the
             period from March 20, 2024 to March 20, 2025; RMB200.00 million was borrowed for the
             period from April 28, 2024 to April 28, 2025; and the interest rate of the loan is floating.

             The Company’s subsidiary, Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd., borrowed RMB250.00
             million from Bank of Shanghai Corporation, Beijing Shunyi sub-branch, of which 50.00
             million was borrowed for the period from June 25, 2024 to September 25, 2024; RMB50.00
             million was borrowed for the period from June 27, 2024 to September 27, 2024; RMB150.00
             million The term of the loan is from June 28, 2024 to September 28, 2024; the interest rate
             is floating.

             The Company’s subsidiary, Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd., borrowed RMB400.00
             million from the sales department of Pudong Development Bank Tianjin Free Trade Pilot
             Zone Branch, of which RMB118.6972 million was borrowed for the period from March 27,
             2024 to September 27, 2024; RMB6.3028 million was borrowed for the period from March 28,
             2024 to September 28, 2024; RMB40.5982 million was borrowed for the period from April 16,
             2024 to October 16, 2024; RMB7.4018 million was borrowed for the period from April 17,
             2024 to October 17, 2024; RMB19.8233 million was borrowed for the period from April 24,
             2024 to October 24, 2024; RMB7.1767 million was borrowed for the period from April 25,
             2024 to October 25, 2024; RMB200.00 million was borrowed for period from May 28, 2024 to
             November 28, 2024; the interest rate is floating.

             The Company’s subsidiary, OpenJaw Technologies (Dalian) Co., Ltd., borrowed RMB2.00
             million from China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd., Dalian Heping Square sub-branch, for the
             period from June 21, 2024 to February 22, 2025, with a floating rate of interest.




                                                                                                     145
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.24 Short-term borrowings (Continued)
            5.24.2 Short-term borrowings that have been due but not paid
                  None.

      5.25 Accounts payable
            5.25.1 Presentation of accounts payable (based on invoice dates)


                                                                                   As at              As at
                                                                                June 30,       December 31,
                   Item                                                            2024               2023
                   Within 1 year (including 1 year)                    1,525,519,773.33      1,352,452,862.59
                   1–2 years (including 2 years)                         562,172,005.13        490,747,069.40
                   2–3 years (including 3 years)                         114,367,048.61        240,435,788.72
                   Over 3 years                                          133,375,768.82        161,923,454.06


                   Total                                               2,335,434,595.89      2,245,559,174.77


            5.25.2 Significant account payables with aging over one year


                                                                              As at   Reason for no
                                                                           June 30,   payment or
                   Item                                                       2024    carry-forward
                   Shanghai CAAC Huadong Kaiya System               79,467,661.99     Business is conducted
                     Integration Co., Ltd.                                              on a continuous
                                                                                        rolling basis
                   Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and         13,999,963.62     Business is conducted
                     Technology Co., Ltd                                                on a continuous
                                                                                        rolling basis
                   Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network           16,002,714.21     Business is conducted
                     Co., Ltd.                                                          on a continuous
                                                                                        rolling basis
                   Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co.,      17,989,471.32     Business is conducted
                     Ltd.                                                               on a continuous
                                                                                        rolling basis


                   Total                                          127,459,811.14




146
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.26 Contract liabilities
        5.26.1 Details of contract liabilities


                                                                                 As at              As at
                                                                              June 30,       December 31,
               Item                                                              2024               2023
               System integration service contract                      813,893,486.29      890,290,731.73


               Total                                                    813,893,486.29      890,290,731.73


        5.26.2 Significant contractual liabilities aged over one year


                                                                          As at    Reasons for non-
                                                                   December 31,    reimbursement or
               Item                                                       2024     carry-over
               China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited          93,718,685.97   Performance obligations
                                                                                     not yet completed
               Air China Limited                                   72,317,028.14   Performance obligations
                                                                                     not yet completed
               China Southern Airlines Company Limited             62,858,608.44   Performance obligations
                                                                                     not yet completed
               Shanghai Airlines Co., Ltd.                         57,212,629.44   Performance obligations
                                                                                     not yet completed


               Total                                              286,106,951.99




                                                                                                        147
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.26 Contract liabilities (Continued)
            5.26.3 Amount from significant change in book value and reason therefor during the reporting
                   period


                                                                                   Changed
                   Item                                                             amount      Reason for change
                   System integration service contract                      –76,397,245.44      Revenue recognised on
                                                                                                  acceptance of projects
                                                                                                  during the period


                   Total                                                    –76,397,245.44



      5.27 Employee compensation payable
            5.27.1 Presentation of employee benefits payable


                                                                                               Of which: the
                                                                                              change in the
                                                  As at                                            scope of             As at
                                          December 31,        Increase in      Decrease in     consolidation        June 30,
                   Item                            2023             2024              2024    has decreased             2024
                   Short-term
                     compensation         220,600,180.42   814,788,725.22    865,235,107.41        54,953.80   170,153,798.23
                   Post-employment
                     benefits — defined
                     contribution plans    14,457,365.64   147,856,081.27    143,768,818.73                     18,544,628.18
                   Dismissal benefits          39,532.24     1,006,644.72       985,287.82                          60,889.14
                   Other benefits due
                     within one year
                   Others                   5,200,838.09     6,302,076.35      6,724,678.70                      4,778,235.74


                   Total                  240,297,916.39   969,953,527.56 1,016,713,892.66         54,953.80   193,537,551.29




148
                                                                                                               Interim Report 2024



                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                           (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.27 Employee compensation payable (Continued)
        5.27.2 Presentation of short-term compensation


                                                                                                       Of which: the
                                                                                                      change in the
                                                           As at                                           scope of            As at
                                                   December 31,        Increase in     Decrease in     consolidation       June 30,
              Item                                          2023             2024             2024    has decreased            2024
              (1) Salaries, bonuses, allowances
                      and subsidies                124,227,243.13   572,033,840.22   636,835,451.36                    59,425,631.99
              (2) Employee welfare                                   46,282,361.64    46,282,361.64        25,620.00
              (3) Social insurance premiums          2,343,057.95    96,285,727.61    96,466,682.11                     2,162,103.45
                  Including: Medical
                                 insurance
                                 premium             1,252,715.17    91,025,780.38    91,205,958.44                     1,072,537.11
                             Work-related injury
                                 insurance
                                 premium              122,753.66      2,197,653.41     2,195,341.97                      125,065.10
                             Maternity insurance
                                 premium              967,589.12      3,062,293.82     3,065,381.70                      964,501.24
              (4) Housing provident funds            2,964,416.68    75,061,485.46    69,075,327.46                     8,950,574.68
              (5) Labor union expenditures and
                      employee education funds      91,065,462.66    25,125,310.29    16,575,284.84        29,333.80   99,615,488.11
              (6) Short-term compensated
                      absences
              (7) Short-term profit sharing plan


              Total                                220,600,180.42   814,788,725.22   865,235,107.41        54,953.80 170,153,798.23




                                                                                                                               149
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.27 Employee compensation payable (Continued)
            5.27.3 Presentation of defined contribution plans


                                                                                               Of which: the
                                                                                              change in the
                                                  As at                                            scope of              As at
                                          December 31,       Increase in     Decrease in       consolidation          June 30,
                     Item                         2023             2024             2024      has decreased              2024
                     Basic endowment
                       insurance
                       premium             2,931,920.61   103,533,922.69   102,946,324.45                         3,519,518.85
                     Unemployment
                       insurance
                       premium              –220,973.40     3,398,243.30     3,238,560.60                           –61,290.70
                     Enterprise annuity
                       payment            11,746,418.43    40,923,915.28    37,583,933.68                        15,086,400.03


                     Total                14,457,365.64   147,856,081.27   143,768,818.73                        18,544,628.18


      5.28 Taxes payable

                                                                                               As at                  As at
                                                                                            June 30,           December 31,
             Taxes and surcharges item                                                         2024                   2023
             Value-added tax                                                       10,068,993.81                15,203,893.76
             Corporate income tax                                                 140,837,260.33               155,385,237.30
             Individual income tax                                                 36,091,917.50                83,887,997.99
             Urban maintenance and construction tax                                 4,512,433.98                 4,473,796.18
             House property tax                                                     1,606,519.73                 1,304,637.49
             Educational surcharge                                                  3,673,724.75                 3,463,343.01
             Land use tax                                                             142,770.48                   144,183.28
             Others                                                                   622,100.78                   755,814.71


             Total                                                                197,555,721.36               264,618,903.72




150
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.29 Other payables

                                                                                 As at              As at
                                                                              June 30,       December 31,
         Item                                                                    2024               2023
         Interest payable
         Dividends payable                                               491,660,310.58       26,683,436.78
         Other payables                                                2,389,029,382.44    1,620,721,937.94


         Total                                                         2,880,689,693.02    1,647,405,374.72


        5.29.1 Dividends payable


                                                                                 As at              As at
                                                                              June 30,       December 31,
                 Item                                                            2024               2023
                 Ordinary share dividends                               491,660,310.58       26,683,436.78


                 Total                                                  491,660,310.58       26,683,436.78


        5.29.2 Other payables
             (1)     Presentation in terms of nature


                                                                                 As at              As at
                                                                              June 30,       December 31,
                         Item                                                    2024               2023
                         E-commerce payment business                   1,933,930,507.11    1,165,956,391.00
                         Settlement and clearing business payment        334,494,700.33      343,392,553.18
                         Current amounts                                  51,319,090.91       48,863,736.59
                         Social insurance and provident funds             27,599,294.38       17,120,953.34
                         Guaranteed deposits and deposits, etc.           41,685,789.71       45,388,303.83


                         Total                                         2,389,029,382.44    1,620,721,937.94




                                                                                                        151
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.29 Other payables (Continued)
            5.29.2 Other payables (Continued)
                 (2)    Important other payables with aging over one year


                                                                                         As at        Reasons for non-
                                                                                      June 30,        reimbursement or
                          Item                                                           2024         carry-over
                          Enterprise Business Online (Beijing)                    6,698,103.66        Rental deposit
                            Data Technology Co.


      5.30 Non-current liabilities maturing within one year

                                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                                          June 30,         December 31,
             Item                                                                            2024                 2023
             Long-term borrowing due within one year                               200,213,888.89
             Lease liabilities due within one year                                  88,214,942.29          109,423,596.99


             Total                                                                 288,428,831.18          109,423,596.99


            Note: The loan is a credit loan received by the parent company of the Company in the form of an entrusted loan in
                  the form of an entrusted loan in accordance with the requirements of the relevant documents of the
                  State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, with a loan principal of
                  RMB200,000,000.00, and the loan period is from March 22, 2022 to March 21, 2025, with an annual interest
                  rate of 3.50%, with quarterly interest payment and one-time repayment of principal at maturity.


      5.31 Other current liabilities

                                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                                          June 30,         December 31,
             Item                                                                            2024                 2023
             Output tax to be carried forward                                       28,295,367.63           44,307,925.16


             Total                                                                  28,295,367.63           44,307,925.16




152
                                                                                     Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.32 Long-term borrowings

                                                                            As at              As at
                                                                         June 30,       December 31,
         Item                                                               2024               2023
         Credit borrowings                                                             200,213,888.89


         Total                                                                         200,213,888.89


    5.33 Lease liabilities

                                                                            As at              As at
                                                                         June 30,       December 31,
         Item                                                               2024               2023
         Lease payments                                             24,058,701.43       56,446,451.17
         Less: Financing charges unrecognized                        2,340,537.10        5,865,425.87


         Total                                                      21,718,164.33       50,581,025.30


    5.34 Long-term payables

                                                                            As at              As at
                                                                         June 30,       December 31,
         Item                                                               2024               2023
         Long-term payables
         Special payables                                              420,237.65          420,237.65


         Total                                                         420,237.65          420,237.65




                                                                                                   153
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.34 Long-term payables (Continued)
            Special payables


                                                   As at                                                           As at
                                            December 31,            Increase in        Decrease in              June 30,
             Item                                  2023                   2024               2024                  2024
             Item 1                             395,709.35                                                   395,709.35
             Item 2                              24,528.30                                                    24,528.30


             Total                              420,237.65                                                   420,237.65


      5.35 Provisions

                                               As at                                               As at
                                        December 31,         Increase in   Decrease in          June 30,         Forming
             Item                              2023                2024          2024              2024           reason
             Payment of business
               risk reserve                  20,000.00                                         20,000.00


             Total                           20,000.00                                         20,000.00

            Note: Beijing Yake Technology Development Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, accrues payment business risk
                  reserves according to its internally issued Yakefa “2020” No. 21 “Payment Business Risk Reserve Management
                  Measures”. According to the management measures, The company withdraws a risk reserve of RMB5,000.00
                  every six months, with a maximum limit of RMB20,000.00. The management measures were promulgated in
                  July 2020 and will be implemented from the date of promulgation.




154
                                                                                                                Interim Report 2024



                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.36 Deferred income

                                                  As at                                                                    As at
                                           December 31,                Increase in           Decrease in                June 30,
         Item                                     2023                       2024                  2024                    2024
         Government grants                      1,221,182.50                                                        1,221,182.50


         Total                                  1,221,182.50                                                        1,221,182.50


    5.37 Share capital

                                                     Changes in 2024 (“+” for increase and “-” for decrease)
                                       As at                               Conversion                                          As at
                               December 31, New shares            Share of reserves                                        June 30,
         Item                           2023        issued      donation    into share       Others     Sub-total              2024
         Total shares        2,926,209,589.00                                                                       2,926,209,589.00


    5.38 Capital reserves

                                                  As at                                                                    As at
                                           December 31,                Increase in           Decrease in                June 30,
         Item                                     2023                       2024                  2024                    2024
         Capital (share capital)
           premium                        833,156,399.12                                                        833,156,399.12
         Other capital reserves           358,881,026.40            56,571,335.20                               415,452,361.60


         Total                          1,192,037,425.52            56,571,335.20                              1,248,608,760.72

        Note: During the period, due to the capital increase of the joint venture TravelSky Mobile Technology Co., Ltd., the
              dilution of the company’s equity led to an increase of RM48,777,268.21 in other capital reserves; Due to the
              transfer of the equity of Yunnan Civil Aviation Cares Information Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company, the
              other capital reserve formed by the acquisition of minority shareholders’ equity in the previous year was
                reversed to RMB7,794,066.99.




                                                                                                                               155
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.39 Other comprehensive income
                                                                                                                               2024
                                                                                                  Less: amount
                                                                                                      previously
                                                                                                 included in the
                                                                                                          other                                                          Less: Other
                                                                                                 comprehensive                                                         comprehensive
                                                                                                    income and                                                             income is
                                                                                Amount before          currently                      Amount after    Amount after     transferred to
                                                                       As at     income tax in    transferred to                   tax attributable tax attributable         retained           As at
                                                               December 31,        the current     the profit or   Less: income       to the parent      to minority earnings in the         June 30,
             Item                                                       2023            period             loss    tax expenses           company     shareholders     current period            2024

             1. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                    reclassified into profit or loss           –34,440,759.56    51,979,200.00                      7,796,880.00      44,182,320.00                                       9,741,560.44
               Including: Other comprehensive
                               income that cannot be
                               converted under the equity
                               method                            3,406,510.44                                                                                                             3,406,510.44
                             Changes in fair value of other
                                equity instrument
                                investments                    –37,847,270.00    51,979,200.00                      7,796,880.00      44,182,320.00                                       6,335,050.00
             2. Other comprehensive income that will be
                    reclassified into profit or loss           –18,798,757.20     1,214,102.96                                         1,214,102.96                                     –17,584,654.24
               Including: Translation differences of foreign
                               currency financial statements   –18,798,757.20     1,214,102.96                                         1,214,102.96                                     –17,584,654.24


             Total of other comprehensive income               –53,239,516.76    53,193,302.96                      7,796,880.00      45,396,422.96                                      –7,843,093.80




156
                                                                                                     Interim Report 2024



                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.40 Surplus reserves

                                             As at                                                              As at
                                      December 31,            Increase in         Decrease in                June 30,
         Item                                2023                   2024                2024                    2024
         Statutory surplus
           reserves                2,327,572,927.77                                                 2,327,572,927.77
         Discretionary
           surplus reserves        1,894,221,740.73       116,981,122.04                            2,011,202,862.77


         Total                     4,221,794,668.50       116,981,122.04                            4,338,775,790.54


        Note: According to the resolution of the annual general meeting of the Company held on June 20, 2024, the
              discretionary surplus reserve shall be calculated at 10% of the net profit of the parent company.


    5.41 General risk reserves

                                               As at                                                            As at
                                        December 31,             Increase in         Decrease in             June 30,
         Item                                  2023                    2024                2024                 2024
         General risk reserves           13,260,933.32                                                 13,260,933.32


         Total                           13,260,933.32                                                 13,260,933.32


        Note: The general risk reserves are accrued by the subsidiary of the Company Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co.,
              Ltd. from net profit, the amount determined at 1% of the balance of risk assets-financing factoring business
              at the end of the period is deducted from the amount that has been accrued in the book, in accordance with
              the former Circular of the General Office of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on
              Strengthening the Supervision and Administration of Commercial Factoring Enterprises (YBJBF [2019] No.205).




                                                                                                                    157
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.42 Retained earnings

                                                                                 Six months ended           Six months ended
             Item                                                                    June 30, 2024              June 30, 2023
             Retained profit at the end of the previous year before
               adjustment                                                         12,171,069,311.04         11,085,610,718.71
             Total adjustment to retained profit at the beginning of the
               year (“+” for increase and “-” for decrease)                                                        876,517.99
             Retained profit at the beginning of the year after
               adjustment                                                         12,171,069,311.04         11,086,487,236.70
             Plus: Net profit attributable to shareholders of
                     parent company                                                1,367,221,060.18          1,200,385,350.66
             Less: Withdrawal of statutory surplus reserves                          116,981,122.04             38,865,081.58
                   Common stock dividends payable                                    468,193,534.24            155,089,108.22


             Retained profit at the end of the period                             12,953,115,714.94         12,092,918,397.56


            Note: As at June 20, 2024, the proposal to distribute the “2023 Final Cash Dividend” was approved at the annual
                  general meeting of the Company, with a dividend of RMB0.16 per share (including tax), with a total distribution
                  of RMB468,193,534.24.


      5.43 Operating income and operating costs

                                                      For the six months                         For the six months
                                                     ended June 30, 2024                        ended June 30, 2023
             Item                                    Revenue                   Cost             Revenue                   Cost
             Primary businesses              4,020,210,559.33     1,628,051,310.66       3,283,207,030.02      1,431,807,990.58
             Other businesses                   21,580,652.86         6,071,782.76          24,348,537.62          6,977,393.91


             Total                           4,041,791,212.19     1,634,123,093.42       3,307,555,567.64      1,438,785,384.49




158
                                                                                        Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.43 Operating income and operating costs (Continued)
        Details of operating income:

                                                                             For the             For the
                                                                   six months ended    six months ended
         Item                                                          June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
         Aviation information technology services                   2,265,032,606.87    1,890,117,789.80
         Settlement and clearing services                             277,972,081.00      185,361,259.35
         System integration services                                  679,848,621.92      320,895,315.50
         Data network services                                        216,410,225.60      201,682,322.11
         Other income                                                 602,527,676.80      709,498,880.88
         Including: Income from technical services                    295,309,854.78      311,451,215.53
                    Payment business income                            90,490,345.32      178,684,088.21
                    Income from leasing, operation,
                       and maintenance services                      108,048,612.95       107,490,883.66
                    Logistics business income                         31,149,710.24        24,038,172.17
                    Data service income                               44,667,206.01        35,103,514.82


         Total                                                      4,041,791,212.19    3,307,555,567.64


    5.44 Taxes and surcharges

                                                                             For the             For the
                                                                   six months ended    six months ended
         Item                                                          June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
         Urban construction and maintenance tax                        8,902,189.46         5,443,764.35
         Educational surcharges                                        4,997,824.73         3,022,701.07
         Local educational surcharges                                  3,331,882.45         2,016,271.56
         Property tax                                                 23,523,948.34        23,666,156.34
         Land use tax                                                    280,946.27           279,687.44
         Vehicle and vessel tax                                           56,320.00            66,567.60
         Stamp tax                                                     3,457,849.29         1,653,263.33
         Resource tax                                                     26,166.80             1,672.00
         Others                                                           90,862.27            70,985.91


         Total                                                        44,667,989.61        36,221,069.60




                                                                                                      159
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.45 Selling and distribution expenses

                                                                      For the             For the
                                                            six months ended    six months ended
             Item                                               June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
             Labor costs                                       26,612,046.76        25,173,706.91
             Technical support and maintenance fees             1,761,556.63        20,985,861.97
             Payments of business costs                         3,563,160.80         2,183,799.55
             Business entertainment fees                        1,573,481.02         1,981,070.28
             Expenses for business trips                        1,759,526.21         1,928,264.03
             Advertising and publicity production cost            903,869.64           587,408.44
             Depreciation expenses of fixed assets                281,917.88           423,769.05
             Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets         278,527.39           365,062.92
             Vehicle fees                                         230,975.93           213,357.99
             Line rental fees                                     130,090.16           178,100.92
             Other costs                                        1,792,800.49         1,061,332.20


             Total                                             38,887,952.91        55,081,734.26


      5.46 General and administrative expenses

                                                                      For the             For the
                                                            six months ended    six months ended
             Item                                               June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
             Labor costs                                      272,653,026.46       231,605,340.61
             Depreciation expenses of fixed assets             54,687,294.74        57,305,403.52
             Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets      29,547,464.21        29,009,406.73
             Amortization of intangible assets                 44,143,409.86        27,900,993.20
             Technical support and maintenance fees            13,064,245.48         9,414,834.15
             Utility bills                                      8,946,166.38         9,015,636.24
             Consulting fees                                    2,471,531.16         6,234,949.61
             Property management fees of office building        6,586,069.00         5,724,066.38
             Expenses for business trips                        6,775,130.79         5,285,586.39
             Audit fees                                           662,055.80         2,871,259.01
             Other costs                                       24,769,387.09        60,351,284.79


             Total                                            464,305,780.97       444,718,760.63




160
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.47 Research and development expenses

                                                                               For the             For the
                                                                     six months ended    six months ended
         Item                                                            June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
         Labor costs                                                   278,365,832.47       185,596,199.61
         Technical support fees                                        109,606,899.36        71,881,696.90
         Depreciation expenses of fixed assets                          23,993,798.00         6,311,177.78
         Amortization of intangible assets                              12,921,267.03         5,194,336.24
         Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets                    5,202,134.38         3,942,456.64
         Amortization of renovation costs                                  517,596.70           513,634.87
         Other costs                                                     1,352,801.74         1,777,628.30


         Total                                                         431,960,329.68       275,217,130.34


    5.48 Financial expenses

                                                                               For the             For the
                                                                     six months ended    six months ended
         Item                                                            June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
         Interest expenses                                               6,435,439.83         8,041,549.13
         Including: Interest expenses of lease liabilities               2,877,106.50         4,493,568.68
         Less: Interest income                                          73,390,563.96        63,976,022.05
         Gains or losses on foreign currency exchange                  –12,668,301.80       –16,659,641.99
         Others                                                            969,695.34           750,939.75


         Total                                                         –78,653,730.59       –71,843,175.16




                                                                                                        161
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.49 Other income

                                                                                  For the             For the
                                                                        six months ended    six months ended
             Item                                                           June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
             Government grants                                               5,226,905.16       25,751,757.05
             Additional deduction of input tax                                                   7,998,161.75
             Withholding of personal income tax fees                           998,720.53        2,025,993.86
             Others                                                          1,452,001.52


             Total                                                           7,677,627.21       35,775,912.66


      5.50 Investment income

                                                                                  For the             For the
                                                                        six months ended    six months ended
             Item                                                           June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
             Long-term equity investments income calculated under
               the equity method                                             2,121,237.91        7,691,927.64
             Investment income from the disposal of long-term equity
               investments                                                   7,672,908.84
             Investment income from financial assets held for trading
               during the holding period                                   29,540,454.50        36,951,477.65


             Total                                                         39,334,601.25        44,643,405.29




162
                                                                                      Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.51 Gains from changes in fair value

                                                                           For the             For the
                                                                 six months ended    six months ended
         Sources of income from changes in fair value                June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
         Financial assets held for trading                           2,068,287.67         6,455,425.13
         Other non-current financial assets                         –1,583,785.91           344,735.75


         Total                                                         484,501.76         6,800,160.88


    5.52 Losses from credit impairment

                                                                           For the             For the
                                                                 six months ended    six months ended
         Item                                                        June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
         Bad debts of notes receivable                              –7,791,177.90         2,789,206.31
         Bad debts of accounts receivable                          –57,872,823.06      –119,767,497.17


         Total                                                     –65,664,000.96      –116,978,290.86


    5.53 Losses from assets impairment

                                                                           For the             For the
                                                                 six months ended    six months ended
         Item                                                        June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
         Losses from impairment of contract assets                    6,021,305.48       –2,452,840.55


         Total                                                        6,021,305.48       –2,452,840.55




                                                                                                    163
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.54 Gains from disposal of assets

                                                                                     Amount included in
                                                         For the             For the non-recurring profit
                                               six months ended    six months ended        or loss in the
             Item                                  June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023      current period
             Disposal of right-of-use assets          16,487.46             4,956.92            16,487.46
             Disposal of fixed assets                                   2,649,978.43


             Total                                    16,487.46         2,654,935.35            16,487.46


      5.55 Non-operating income

                                                                                     Amount included in
                                                         For the             For the non-recurring profit
                                               six months ended    six months ended        or loss in the
             Item                                  June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023      current period
             Gains from damage and scrapping
               of non-current assets                 305,565.33           195,270.30           305,565.33
             Indemnities                                               18,398,055.60
             Others                                 2,857,144.96        1,303,937.28         2,857,144.96


             Total                                  3,162,710.29       19,897,263.18         3,162,710.29




164
                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.56 Non-operating expenses

                                                                                      Amount included in
                                                          For the             For the non-recurring profit
                                                six months ended    six months ended        or loss in the
         Item                                       June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023      current period
         Donations                                   9,604,804.43        9,602,139.03         9,604,804.43
         Losses from the damage and
           scrapping of non-current assets             387,525.83        1,121,006.15           387,525.83
         Others                                      1,103,821.71          990,760.80         1,103,821.71


         Total                                     11,096,151.97        11,713,905.98        11,096,151.97


    5.57 Income tax expenses
        5.57.1 List of income tax expenses


                                                                              For the             For the
                                                                    six months ended    six months ended
                 Item                                                   June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
                 Current income tax expenses                          205,178,667.96        108,804,827.14
                 Deferred income tax expenses                          23,728,131.02         30,404,818.33


                 Total                                                228,906,798.98        139,209,645.47




                                                                                                        165
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.57 Income tax expenses (Continued)
            5.57.2 Adjustment process of accounting profits and income tax expenses

                                                                                                        For the
                                                                                              six months ended
                    Item                                                                          June 30, 2024
                    Total profits                                                              1,605,722,267.67
                    Income tax expenses calculated at statutory or applicable tax rate           240,858,340.15
                    Effect of different tax rates applicable to subsidiaries                        –792,423.09
                    Influence of adjustments to the income tax for the prior years               –10,704,740.70
                    Influence of non-taxable income                                               –1,305,748.05
                    Influence of non-deductible costs, expenses and losses                        24,167,647.67
                    Influence of using the deductible losses related to deferred tax assets
                       unrecognized in previous periods                                             –14,440.50
                    Influence of unrecognized deferred tax assets and deductible temporary
                       differences or losses in current period                                    4,329,008.29
                    Additional deduction for research and development expenses                  –27,630,844.79
                    Others


                    Income tax expenses                                                         228,906,798.98


      5.58 Earnings per share
            Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the consolidated net profit attributable to the
            ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted average of the Company’s ordinary shares:

                                                                                    For the             For the
                                                                          six months ended    six months ended
             Item                                                             June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
             Consolidated net profit attributable to the common
               stockholder of the Company                                  1,367,221,060.18    1,200,385,350.66
             Weighted average of the Company’s outstanding common
               stock                                                       2,926,209,589.00    2,926,209,589.00
             Basic earnings per share                                                  0.47                0.41
             Including: Basic earnings per share from
                          continuing operations                                        0.47                0.41
                        Basic earnings per share from discontinued
                          operations


            As at June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, the Company has no potential dilutive ordinary shares.




166
                                                                                              Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.59 Supplementary information to the income statement with expenses classified
         by nature
        Operating costs, selling and distribution expenses, general and administrative expenses, research
        and development expenses, and financial expenses in income statement are classified by nature
        and listed as below:

                                                                                For the                For the
                                                                      six months ended       six months ended
         Item                                                             June 30, 2024          June 30, 2023
         Labor costs                                                     937,784,697.11         712,201,805.70
         Depreciation and amortization expenses                          531,601,541.07         466,005,540.32
         Costs of sales of software and hardware                         418,795,447.39         173,018,228.64
         Technical support and maintenance fees                          286,074,482.24         263,617,920.04
         Commission and promotion expenses                               303,274,800.69         291,758,322.52
         Internet usage fees                                              44,190,427.67          39,427,317.80
         Financial expenses                                              –78,653,730.59         –71,843,175.16
         Other operating costs                                            47,555,760.81         267,773,874.70


         Total                                                         2,490,623,426.39       2,141,959,834.56


    5.60 Items of statement of cash flows
        5.60.1 Cash flows from operating activities
             5.60.1.1 Other cash receipts relating to operating activities

                                                                                For the                For the
                                                                      six months ended       six months ended
                    Item                                                  June 30, 2024          June 30, 2023
                    Government grants received                                5,844,643.58       12,783,792.96
                    Interest income received from bank deposits              49,959,913.09       65,517,629.98
                    Guarantee funds and quality guarantee
                       deposits received                                  11,220,816.05           6,254,092.29
                    Payments received from companies                      38,922,652.01          71,945,365.18
                    Other non-operating income received                      394,750.53          19,695,583.66
                    Collections and payments received                    105,053,766.33         109,829,330.55
                    Others                                            66,228,905,606.87      65,963,680,392.60


                    Total                                             66,440,302,148.46      66,249,706,187.22




                                                                                                            167
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.60 Items of statement of cash flows (Continued)
            5.60.1 Cash flows from operating activities (Continued)
                 5.60.1.2 Other cash payments relating to operating activities

                                                                                    For the             For the
                                                                          six months ended    six months ended
                         Item                                                 June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
                         General and administrative expenses paid             68,639,356.06       62,572,951.89
                         Selling and distribution expenses paid                6,764,359.36       29,185,550.38
                         Research and development expenses paid              123,277,740.86       76,189,053.93
                         Bank charges paid                                       980,533.49          741,482.03
                         Non-operating expenses paid                             520,337.37           53,553.43
                         Security deposit paid                                 6,802,432.47        3,217,123.54
                         Current accounts between entities paid               11,579,550.03      181,617,575.26
                         Others                                           65,722,280,302.90   65,689,251,849.73


                         Total                                            65,940,844,612.54   66,042,829,140.19


            5.60.2 Cash flows from investing activities
                 5.60.2.1 Other cash receipts relating to financing activities

                                                                                    For the             For the
                                                                          six months ended    six months ended
                         Item                                                 June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
                         Recovery of fixed asset purchases                        37,250.00


                         Total                                                    37,250.00


                 5.60.2.2 Other cash payments relating to financing activities

                                                                                    For the             For the
                                                                          six months ended    six months ended
                         Item                                                 June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
                         Net decrease in cash from disposal of
                           subsidiaries                                          442,553.74


                         Total                                                   442,553.74




168
                                                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                           (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.60 Items of statement of cash flows (Continued)
        5.60.3 Cash flows from investing activities
             5.60.3.1 Other cash payments relating to investing activities


                                                                                                  For the                          For the
                                                                                        six months ended                 six months ended
                    Item                                                                    June 30, 2024                    June 30, 2023
                    Lease liabilities paid                                                    56,690,329.14                  39,217,689.32
                    Donations                                                                  9,600,000.00                   9,600,000.00


                    Total                                                                     66,290,329.14                  48,817,689.32


                   Note: External donations represent funds are for poverty alleviation.


             5.60.3.2 Changes in liabilities arising from investing activities


                                             As at             Increase in 2024                       Decrease in 2024                     As at
                                     December 31,                Cash             Non-cash              Cash         Non-cash          June 30,
                    Item                      2023        movements          movements           movements          movements              2024

                    Short-term
                       borrowings    751,589,902.50   1,961,999,998.00                       1,561,589,901.50                   1,151,999,999.00
                    Long-term
                       borrowings    200,213,888.89                         3,558,333.33         3,558,333.33                    200,213,888.89
                    Lease
                       liabilities   160,004,622.29                         6,618,813.47       56,690,329.14                     109,933,106.62




                                                                                                                                           169
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.61 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow
            5.61.1 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows

                                                                                   For the              For the
                                                                         six months ended     six months ended
                   Supplementary information                                 June 30, 2024        June 30, 2023
                   1. Net profit adjusted to cash flows from
                        operating activities
                      Net profit                                           1,376,815,468.69    1,207,653,920.80
                      Plus: Losses from credit impairment                    –65,664,000.96     –116,978,290.86
                             Provisions for impairment of assets               6,021,305.48       –2,452,840.55
                             Depreciation expenses of fixed assets           199,954,208.87      251,291,884.35
                             Amortization of right-of-use assets              55,076,416.65       54,766,283.43
                             Amortization of intangible assets               276,193,241.60      158,748,195.87
                             Amortization of long-term deferred
                               expenses                                        1,102,487.35        1,045,143.31
                             Losses from disposal of fixed assets,
                               intangible assets and other long-term
                               assets (“-” for gains)                            –16,487.46       –2,654,935.35
                             Losses from scrapping of fixed assets
                               (“-” for gains)                                    81,960.50          925,735.85
                             Losses from changes in fair value
                               (“-” for gains)                                  –484,501.76       –6,800,160.88
                             Financial expenses (“-” for gains)               –6,232,861.97         –136,887.87
                             Investment losses (“-” for gains)               –39,334,601.25      –44,643,405.29
                             Decreases in deferred tax assets
                               (“-” for increases)                            25,913,611.05       27,606,342.17
                             Increases in deferred tax liabilities
                               (“-” for decreases)                              –854,173.64        3,089,267.05
                             Decreases in inventories (“-” for increases)    –56,542,543.35          123,222.95
                             Decreases in operating receivables
                               (“-” for increases)                        –1,065,884,842.82   –1,090,775,329.14
                             Increases in operating payables
                               (“-” for decreases)                           581,291,271.02      570,414,805.65
                             Others
                      Net cash flow from operating activities              1,287,435,958.00    1,011,222,951.49
                   2. Significant investing and financing activities
                        not involving cash receipts and payments
                      Debt transferred into capital
                      Convertible corporate bonds maturing within
                        one year
                      Acquisition of right-of-use assets by assumption of
                        lease liabilities
                   3. Net change in cash and cash equivalents
                      Closing balance of cash                              9,562,540,286.34    8,576,563,225.10
                      Less: Opening balance of cash                        7,276,531,274.65    7,475,848,342.25
                      Plus: Closing balance of cash equivalents
                      Less: Opening balance of cash equivalents
                      Net increase in cash and cash equivalents            2,286,009,011.69    1,100,714,882.85




170
                                                                                         Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.61 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow (Continued)
        5.61.2 Net cash received for disposal of subsidiaries during the period


                                                                                                  Amount
              Cash or cash equivalents received in the period from disposal of
                subsidiaries during the period
              Including：Yunnan Civil Aviation Cares Information Co., Ltd.
              Less: Cash and cash equivalents held by companies at the date of
                      loss of control                                                          442,553.74
              Including：Yunnan Civil Aviation Cares Information Co., Ltd.                      442,553.74
              Net cash received for disposal of subsidiaries                                  –442,553.74


        5.61.3 Breakdowns of cash and cash equivalents


                                                                                As at             As at
                                                                             June 30,      December 31,
              Item                                                              2024              2023
               I. Cash                                                9,562,540,286.34   7,276,531,274.65
                    Including: Cash on hand                                  13,686.53          16,950.85
                               Unrestricted digital currency              2,242,273.23       1,321,820.12
                               Unrestricted bank deposit              9,559,166,366.53   7,274,343,086.82
                               Unrestricted other monetary asset          1,117,960.05         849,416.86
               II. Cash equivalents
                    Including: Investments in bonds maturing within
                                 three months
               III. Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents      9,562,540,286.34   7,276,531,274.65
                    Including: Cash and cash equivalents with
                                 restricted use right by parent
                                 company or subsidiaries of
                                 the Group




                                                                                                       171
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.61 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow (Continued)
            5.61.3 Breakdowns of cash and cash equivalents (Continued)
                  Monetary funds not classified as cash and cash equivalents:

                                                              As at              As at       Reasons for not
                                                           June 30,       December 31,       being cash and
                    Item                                      2024               2023        cash equivalents
                    Performance bond                  35,841,459.42       79,742,110.37      Restricted and
                                                                                               unable to use
                    Property preservation             10,775,011.90       10,775,011.90      Restricted and
                                                                                               unable to use
                    Payment Gateway Margin               506,571.07             506,056.45   Restricted and
                                                                                               unable to use


                    Total                             47,123,042.39       91,023,178.72


      5.62 Foreign currency monetary items

                                                  Foreign currency                              Converted RMB
                                                    balance at end                           balance at the end
             Item                                         of period      Exchange rate            of the period
             Cash and bank balances                                                             216,554,912.77
             Including：USD                            26,005,760.49                7.1268       185,337,853.86
                       EUR                             1,847,440.33                7.6617        14,154,533.58
                       HKD                            17,023,229.98                0.9127        15,537,102.00
                       Other Currencies               60,196,250.15                               1,525,423.33
             Accounts receivable                                                                280,915,826.51
             Including：USD                            22,385,764.62                7.1268       159,538,867.30
                       EUR                             4,988,291.97                7.6617        38,218,796.58
                       HKD                            73,473,151.47                0.9127        67,058,945.35
                       Other Currencies               51,745,032.61                              16,099,217.28




172
                                                                                             Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.63 Lease
        5.63.1 The company as the lessee


                                                                                 For the              For the
                                                                       six months ended     six months ended
              Item                                                         June 30, 2024        June 30, 2023
              Interest expense arising from lease liabilities               2,877,106.50         4,493,568.68
              Short-term lease expenses that are simplified
                 treated to the cost of related assets or current
                 profits and losses                                           67,695.74            680,318.99
              Lease expenses for low value assets that are
                 simplified treated to the cost of related assets or
                 current profits and losses (exclude short-term
                 lease for low value assets)                                 235,311.32            200,260.85
              Cash outflows in relation to lease                          57,093,304.39         39,417,950.17


             The company’s anticipated cash outflows from leases in future years, committed but not
             commenced, are as follows:

                                                                                           Undiscounted lease
              Remaining lease terms                                                                 payments
              Within 1 year                                                                     90,025,953.62
              1–2 year                                                                          16,951,592.37
              2–3 year                                                                           4,617,326.52
              Over 3 years                                                                          57,600.00


              Total                                                                            111,652,472.51




                                                                                                           173
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.63 Lease (Continued)
            5.63.2 The company as the lessor
                 (1)   Operating lease


                                                                                 For the              For the
                                                                       six months ended     six months ended
                                                                           June 30, 2024        June 30, 2023
                         Income from operating leases                      22,553,876.60        23,438,398.79
                         Including: Income related to variable lease
                                      payments not included in lease
                                      receipts


                        Undiscounted lease receipts to be received after the balance sheet date are as follows:

                                                                                 For the              For the
                                                                       six months ended     six months ended
                         Remaining lease terms                             June 30, 2024        June 30, 2023
                         Within 1 year                                     43,009,697.95        51,899,363.29
                         1–2 year                                          42,259,826.22        58,708,159.03
                         2–3 year                                          41,086,266.54        46,487,659.22
                         3–4 year                                          41,032,523.24        40,981,175.16
                         4–5 year                                          41,062,911.56        41,165,063.64
                         Over 5 years                                      12,907,778.26        50,193,288.42


                         Total                                            221,359,003.77       289,434,708.76


                 (2)   Financial lease
                        None.




174
                                                                                                             Interim Report 2024



                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



6   RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES
    6.1 Research and development expenditures
                                                                                          For the                  For the
                                                                                six months ended         six months ended
        Item                                                                        June 30, 2024            June 30, 2023
        Labor costs                                                                 295,221,402.64             268,788,516.06
        Depreciation and Amortization expenses                                       42,642,573.40              15,966,866.44
        Technical support fee                                                       114,302,665.31              80,167,498.57
        Others                                                                        1,345,024.45               2,325,333.88
        Total                                                                       453,511,665.80             367,248,214.95
        Including: Expensed R&D expenditure                                         431,960,329.68             275,217,130.34
                   Capitalized R&D expenditure                                       21,551,336.12              92,031,084.61

       The Company’s expensed data resource research and development expenditures for the current
       period were RMB0.00, and the capitalized data resource research and development expenditures
       were RMB9,589,351.05.

    6.2 Development expenditures
                                                        Increase in 2024                  Decrease in 2024
                                         As at         Internal                     Recognized as                          As at
                                  December 31,    development                        an intangible                     June 30,
        Item                              2023    expenditures             Others           asset        Others            2024
        Item 1                     1,213,519.67    4,160,471.91                                                     5,373,991.58
        Item 2                                     2,241,466.63                                                     2,241,466.63
        Item 3                                     2,113,255.65                                                     2,113,255.65
        Item 4                                     1,613,532.66                                                     1,613,532.66
        Item 5                                      881,283.24                                                       881,283.24
        Item 6                                      890,013.37                                                       890,013.37
        Item 7                                      937,178.94                                                       937,178.94
        Item 8                                      912,620.56                                                       912,620.56
        Item 9                     6,952,135.01                                                                     6,952,135.01
        Item 10                    8,994,749.83                                                                     8,994,749.83
        Item 11                    4,409,677.50     946,978.12                                                      5,356,655.62
        Item 12                    3,989,133.95                                                                     3,989,133.95
        Item 13                                    6,854,535.04                       6,854,535.04
        Subtotal                  25,559,215.96   21,551,336.12                       6,854,535.04                 40,256,017.04
        Less：Provisions for
                   impairment


        Total                     25,559,215.96   21,551,336.12                       6,854,535.04                 40,256,017.04




                                                                                                                            175
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



6     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES (CONTINUED)
      6.2 Development expenditures (Continued)
            The situation of important capitalized R&D projects


                                                                                             The point at      The specific basis for
                                                     Estimated                               which the         determining the point at
                          End-of-period R&D          completion      How economic benefits   capitalization    which capitalization
             Item         progress                   time            are expected to arise   begins            begins
             Item 1       37%                        December,       Reduce management       September, 2023   The project was approved
                                                       2025            and operating costs                        by the Company in
                                                                       and bring economic                         September, 2023 and
                                                                       benefits                                   capitalization began
             Item 2       50%                        December,       Reduce management       March, 2024       The project was approved
                                                       2024            and operating costs                        by the Company in
                                                                       and generate                               March, 2024, and
                                                                       economic benefits                          capitalization began
             Item 3       55%                        December,       Reduce management       March, 2024       The project was approved
                                                       2024            and operating costs                        by the Company in
                                                                       and bring economic                         March, 2024, and
                                                                       benefits                                   capitalization began
             Item 4       50%                        December,       Develop corresponding   February, 2024    The project was approved
                                                       2024            products for                               by the Company in
                                                                       subsequent market                          February, 2024, and
                                                                       launch                                     capitalization began
             Item 9       The project has been       December,       Develop corresponding   January, 2023     The project was approved
                               completed, awaiting     2024            products for                               by the Company in
                               approval from the                       subsequent market                          January, 2023, and
                               Company.                                launch                                     capitalization began
             Item 10      The project has been       December,       Develop corresponding   January, 2023     The project was approved
                               completed, awaiting     2024            products for                               by the Company in
                               approval from the                       subsequent market                          January, 2023, and
                               Company.                                launch                                     capitalization began
             Item 11      The Company is still       December,       Develop corresponding   January, 2023     The project was approved
                               continuing to           2024            products for                               by the Company in
                               conduct research                        subsequent market                          January, 2023, and
                               and development.                        launch                                     capitalization began
             Item 12      86.15%                     October, 2024   Develop corresponding   January, 2023     The project was approved
                                                                       products for                               by the Company in
                                                                       subsequent market                          January, 2023, and
                                                                       launch                                     capitalization began




176
               7.1 Disposal of subsidiaries                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   7
                              Transactions or events in which the control of subsidiaries was lost during the period

                                                                                                                                          The difference                                                                                       Method and main             Amount of other
                                                                                                                                   between the disposal                             Book value of         Fair value of                        assumptions for              comprehensive
                                                                                                                                    price and the share                          remaining equity     remaining equity                         determining the fair      income related to
                                                                                                                                    of the net assets of                           interest in the      interest in the                        value of the            equity investment in
                                                                                                                                   the subsidiary in the                             consolidated         consolidated      Gains or losses    remaining equity at    the former subsidiary
                                                           Proportion of    Disposal                                               consolidated financial   The proportion of            financial            financial        arising from    the consolidated              transferred to
                                  Disposal price at disposal at the time    method at the                                                    statements     remaining equity    statements on the    statements on the     remeasurement       financial statements    investment profit or
                                  the time of loss     of loss of control   time of loss    Time of loss   Basis for determining   corresponding to the on the date of loss           date of loss         date of loss of remaining equity    level on the date              loss/retained
      Name of subsidiaries               of control                  (%)    of control      of control     when control is lost     disposal investment            of control           of control           of control        to fair value   of loss of control                 earnings

      Yunnan Civil Aviation           61,435,724.75               100.00    Equity          2024/3/1       Complete the equity              7,672,908.84                 0.00                0.00                 0.00                 0.00    Not applicable                          0.00
         Cares Information                                                     investment                     transfer and go
         Co., Ltd.                                                                                            through the
                                                                                                              industrial and
                                                                                                              commercial
                                                                                                              registration
                                                                                                              procedures for
                                                                                                              equity changes.



               Note: According to the relevant provisions of the “Capital Increase Agreement on Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.” signed between the Company
                     and Yunnan Airport Group Co., Ltd., the Company increased the capital of Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as
                     “Yunnan Airport”) with its 100% equity in Yunnan Civil Aviation Cares Information Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Yunnan Cares”). On March
                     1, 2024, the Company and Yunnan Airport completed the equity transfer and completed the equity industrial and commercial change registration
                     procedures, and the Company no longer controls Yunnan Cares.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              CHANGE OF THE CONSOLIDATION SCOPE



               7.2 Changes in scope of consolidation for other reasons
                              None.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2024
177
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES
      8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates
            8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group
                                                                                                       Registered
                                                Principal place                                     Capital (in ten
                   Name of subsidiary           of business       Business type                         thousand)     Nature of Business                                                Shareholding ratio (%)   Way of acquisition
                                                                                                                                                                                         Directly Indirectly

                   Chongqing Civil Aviation     Chongqing,        Limited liability company               1,480.00    Provision of electronic travel distribution, airport passenger       51.00                 Investment
                      Cares Information            China             (Stated controlled)                                  processing and cargo management services; and sales and
                      Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                installation of related information systems
                   Hunan TravelSky              Changsha,         Limited liability company (sole         3,000.00    Planning and construction, operation management, technical          100.00                 Investment
                      Technology Limited           China             proprietorship invested or                           support, product development and e-commerce of
                                                                     controlled by a                                      computer reservation, departure and freight transportation
                                                                     non-natural person)                                  and other application systems
                   Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares   Xi’an, China      Limited liability company               1,500.00    Computer software and hardware development and data                  51.00                 Investment
                       Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                              network services
                   Hubei Civil Aviation Cares   Wuhan, China      Other limited liability                 1,500.00    Provision of electronic travel distribution, airport passenger       62.50         7.68    Investment
                       Co., Ltd.                                     companies                                           processing and cargo management services; and sales and
                                                                                                                         installation of related information systems
                   Xinjiang Civil Aviation      Urumqi, China     Limited liability company               1,000.00    Computer software and hardware development and data                  51.00                 Investment
                        Cares Technology                             (state-owned holding)                               network services
                        Co., Ltd.
                   Shenzhen Civil Aviation      Shenzhen,         Limited liability company               6,100.00    Provision of e-tourism distribution and freight management           61.47                 Investment
                        Cares Co., Ltd.            China                                                                 services; and the sale and installation of relevant
                                                                                                                         information systems
                   Shanghai TravelSky           Shanghai,         Limited liability company (sole           400.00    Computer software and hardware development and data                 100.00                 Investment
                      Technology Limited           China             proprietorship invested or                          network services
                                                                     controlled by a
                                                                     non-natural person)
                   Xiamen Civil Aviation        Xiamen, China     Other limited liability                 2,000.00    Computer software and hardware development and data                  51.00                 Investment
                       Cares Co., Ltd.                               companies                                            network services
                   Qingdao Civil Aviation       Qingdao, China    Other limited liability                 5,000.00    Computer software and hardware development and data                  51.00                 Investment
                       Cares Co., Ltd.                               companies                                            network services
                   Hainan Civil Aviation        Haikou, China     Other limited liability                 1,000.00    Provision of e-tourism distribution and freight management           68.94                 Investment
                       Cares Co., Ltd.                               companies                                            services; and the sale and installation of relevant
                                                                                                                          information systems
                   Guangzhou TravelSky          Guangzhou,        Limited liability company (sole        40,000.00    Computer software and hardware development and data                 100.00                 Investment
                       Technology Limited           China            proprietorship)                                      network services
                   Accounting Center of         Beijing, China    Limited liability company (sole        75,978.52    Settlement, liquidation services and related information system     100.00                 Investment
                       China Aviation                                proprietorship)                                      development and support services
                   Beijing Yake Technology      Beijing, China    Limited liability company (sole        15,612.16    Technology promotion service, computer software technology          100.00                 Investment
                       Development Co.,                              proprietorship)                                      development, computer system engineering design and
                       Ltd.                                                                                               installation




178
                                                                                                                                                                                            Interim Report 2024



                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates
        (Continued)
        8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group (Continued)
                                                                                                 Registered
                                          Principal place                                     Capital (in ten
              Name of subsidiary          of business       Business type                         thousand)     Nature of Business                                               Shareholding ratio (%)   Way of acquisition
                                                                                                                                                                                  Directly Indirectly
              Antu Jinxin Commercial      Beijing, China    Limited liability company (sole        13,000.00    Provision of trade financing in the form of transferring           100.00                 Investment
                 Factoring Co., Ltd.      Tianjin, China       proprietorship)                                     accounts receivable; receipt, payment, settlement,
                                                                                                                   management and collection of accounts receivable;
                                                                                                                   management of sales sub-account (ledger); customer credit
                                                                                                                   investigation and evaluation; related consulting services;
                                                                                                                   other businesses permitted by laws and regulations
              Infosky Information         Beijing, China    Limited liability company              $2,548.00    Provision of freight management services and related software       94.62         5.38    Investment
                  Technology Co., Ltd.                         (Sino-foreign joint                                 and technology development; provision of technical support,
                                                               venture)                                            training and information services
              TravelSky Cares (Beijing)   Beijing, China    Limited liability company (sole         1,000.00    Real estate development and sales, self-developed commercial       100.00                 Investment
                  Real Estate Co., Ltd.                        proprietorship)                                     housing contracting, labor service subcontracting and
                                                                                                                   investment management
              Beijing TravelSky Travel    Beijing, China    Limited liability company (sole         7,200.00    Domestic travel business and inbound travel business               100.00                 Investment
                  Agency Co., Ltd.                             proprietorship)
              Travelsky Yunzhi            Beijing, China    Limited liability company (sole         5,000.00    Computer system services, data processing, computer and            100.00                 Investment
                  Technology (Beijing)                         proprietorship)                                     communication equipment leasing, technical services and
                  Co., Ltd.                                                                                        technical consulting
              Inner Mongolia TravelSky    Hohhot, China     Limited liability company (sole           500.00    Computer and auxiliary equipment, sales, leasing, maintenance      100.00                 Investment
                  Technology Limited                           proprietorship invested or                          and technical consulting; computer system services and
                                                               controlled by a                                     tourist information consulting
                                                               non-natural person)
              Zhejiang TravelSky          Hangzhou,         Limited liability company               3,734.73    Contracting of computer software and hardware engineering,          51.00                 Business
                 Technology Limited          China             (foreign-invested                                   airport air traffic control engineering and building weak                                 combination
                                                               enterprise and                                      current system engineering, and computer software and                                     under common
                                                               domestic-funded joint                               hardware, sales, maintenance, leasing and technical                                       control
                                                               venture)                                            consulting services
              Henan TravelSky             Zhengzhou,        Limited liability company (sole         1,000.00    Contracting of computer software and hardware engineering          100.00                 Investment
                 Technology Limited          China             proprietorship invested or                          projects; technical consultation and service; system
                                                               controlled by a                                     integration
                                                               non-natural person)
              Beijing TravelSky           Beijing, China    Limited liability company (sole         5,001.00    Technology development, technology services, and technology        100.00                 Investment
                  Technology Limited                           proprietorship)                                      transfer; sales of computers, software and auxiliary
                                                                                                                    equipment
              Guangzhou Skyecho           Guangzhou,        Other limited liability                   200.00    Software and information technology services                        51.00                 Business
                 Information                 China             companies                                                                                                                                      combination not
                 Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                         under common
                                                                                                                                                                                                              control
              TravelSky Digital           Beijing, China    Limited liability company (sole         5,000.00    Technology development, technology consulting, technology          100.00                 Investment
                  Intelligence                                 proprietorship)                                     services, technology transfer, technology promotion and
                  Technology (Beijing)                                                                             software development
                  Co., Ltd.
              TravelSky International     Hong Kong,        Sole proprietorship                HK$1,236.00      Commercial services                                                100.00                 Investment
                  Limited                     China
              TravelSky Technology        Singapore         Sole proprietorship                  S$7,158.08     Hardware consulting and system consulting                          100.00                 Investment
                  (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.
              TravelSky Technology        Frankfurt,        Sole proprietorship                      €50.00     Technology service and technology support                          100.00                 Investment
                  (Europe) GMBH              Germany
              OpenJaw Technologies        Dublin, Ireland   Sole proprietorship                      €25.21     Technology service and technology support                          100.00                 Business
                  Limited                                                                                                                                                                                    combination not
                                                                                                                                                                                                             under common
                                                                                                                                                                                                             control




                                                                                                                                                                                                                       179
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates
            (Continued)
            8.1.2 Major non-wholly-owned subsidiaries


                                                  Shareholding              Profit or loss Dividends declared
                                                       ratio of            attributable to to be distributed to                     Balance of
                                                      minority                    minority             minority               minority interest
                                                  shareholders            shareholders in      shareholders in                  as at June 30,
                   Name of subsidiary                       (%)                      2024                 2024                            2024
                   Shenzhen Civil Aviation
                      Cares Co., Ltd.                         38.53             4,694,875.77                                     161,292,814.47
                   Xiamen Civil Aviation
                      Cares Co., Ltd.                         49.00             3,077,997.61                                     104,184,653.64
                   Qingdao Civil Aviation
                      Cares Co., Ltd.                         49.00         –5,898,265.31                                          57,059,842.41


            8.1.3 Key financial information of major non-wholly-owned subsidiaries


                                                                                   Balance as at June 30, 2024
                                                                 Non-current                            Current       Non-current
                   Name of subsidiaries      Current assets           assets       Total assets        liabilities       liabilities   Total liabilities

                   Shenzhen Civil Aviation
                      Cares Co., Ltd.        401,124,696.01     46,167,175.34    447,291,871.35    28,595,843.25        71,155.36       28,666,998.61
                   Xiamen Civil Aviation
                      Cares Co., Ltd.        197,747,263.21     57,706,779.98    255,454,043.19    42,757,320.67        74,980.39       42,832,301.06
                   Qingdao Civil Aviation
                      Cares Co., Ltd.        266,466,862.05     18,387,221.12    284,854,083.17   156,507,048.16     11,898,377.03     168,405,425.19



                                                                                 Balance as at December 31, 2023
                                                                                                         Current      Non-current
                   Name of subsidiaries      Current assets    Current assets      Total assets        liabilities       liabilities   Total liabilities

                   Shenzhen Civil Aviation
                      Cares Co., Ltd.        421,765,013.34     47,885,025.10    469,650,038.44    63,056,465.15        153,941.28       63,210,406.43
                   Xiamen Civil Aviation
                      Cares Co., Ltd.        206,814,797.55     60,326,741.31    267,141,538.86    60,679,143.47        122,281.04       60,801,424.51
                   Qingdao Civil Aviation
                      Cares Co., Ltd.        274,417,265.72     22,467,445.07    296,884,710.79   155,453,284.61     12,945,492.05      168,398,776.66




180
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates
        (Continued)
        8.1.3 Key financial information of major non-wholly-owned subsidiaries (Continued)


                                                                Amount for the six months ended 30, 2024
                                                                                                 Total       Cash flow from
                                                                                       comprehensive               operating
              Name of subsidiaries          Operating income             Net profit           income                activities
              Shenzhen Civil Aviation
                Cares Co., Ltd.                50,759,823.58         12,185,240.73      12,185,240.73          11,280,433.12
              Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares
                Co., Ltd.                      39,734,240.63          6,281,627.78       6,281,627.78             112,348.49
              Qingdao Civil Aviation
                Cares Co., Ltd.                26,339,408.44        –12,037,276.15     –12,037,276.15          12,068,576.92


                                                                Amount for the six months ended 30, 2023
                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                        comprehensive         Cash flow from
              Name of subsidiaries           Operating income             Net profit           income      operating activities
              Shenzhen Civil Aviation
                Cares Co., Ltd.                 47,324,868.53          7,977,652.58       7,977,652.58          –1,047,752.68
              Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares
                Co., Ltd.                       43,843,652.32           667,566.48          667,566.48             352,673.36
              Qingdao Civil Aviation
                Cares Co., Ltd.                101,719,937.50          5,957,326.06       5,957,326.06        –11,385,417.56




                                                                                                                          181
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates
            8.2.1 Major joint ventures or associates

                                                                                                                              Accounting
                                                                                                                              treatment
                                                                                                                              method of the
                                                        Principal place of                                                    investments     Whether
                                                        business and                                                          in joint        Strategic for
                   Name of joint ventures or            registration                                                          ventures or     Company’s
                   associates                           place                Business type          Shareholding ratio (%)    associates      activities
                                                                                                     Directly    Indirectly

                   Shanghai Civil Aviation East China   Shanghai, China      Information system         41.00                 Equity          Yes
                      Cares System Integration Co.,                             integration                                      method
                      Ltd.                                                      services
                   Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast    Shenyang, China      Information system         46.00                 Equity          Yes
                      Cares Co., Ltd.                                           integration                                      method
                                                                                services
                   Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport       Harbin, China        Information system         50.00                 Equity          Yes
                      Network Co., Ltd.                                         integration                                      method
                                                                                services
                   Dalian TravelSky Airport Network     Dalian, China        Information system         50.00                 Equity          Yes
                      Co., Ltd.                                                 integration                                      method
                                                                                services
                   TravelSky Mobile Technology Co.,     Beijing, China       Technology                 20.66                 Equity          Yes
                      Ltd.                                                      development;                                     method
                                                                                technology
                                                                                promotion
                   Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network     Kunming, China       Internet information       50.00                 Equity          Yes
                      Co., Ltd.                                                 service                                          method




182
                                                                                                                                           Interim Report 2024



                             NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
        8.2.2 Principal financial information of major joint ventures


                                                                                  As at June 30, 2024/                               As at December 31, 2023/
                                                                         For the six months ended June 30, 2024                For the six months ended June 30, 2023
                                                                       Yunnan           Heilongjiang                               Heilongjiang
                                                                    TravelSky             TravelSky                   Dalian          TravelSky                 Dalian
                                                               Airport Network      Airport Network      TravelSky Airport     Airport Network       TravelSky Airport
                                                                      Co., Ltd.             Co., Ltd.        Network LLC               Co., Ltd.         Network LLC

              Current assets                                    220,507,481.79         56,819,669.11         53,968,295.27        60,775,824.81         58,052,578.91
              Including: Cash and cash equivalents                7,840,947.32         15,216,612.30         28,846,094.29        13,057,833.71         32,498,920.25
              Non-current assets                                 52,579,474.23          1,370,674.76          9,477,728.27         1,069,669.51           9,993,681.71
              Total assets                                      273,086,956.02         58,190,343.87         63,446,023.54        61,845,494.32         68,046,260.62


              Current liabilities                                45,344,781.38          8,397,893.17          5,000,760.85        16,247,343.64         10,735,898.13
              Non-current liabilities                             1,370,028.21           507,598.88                                  144,274.70
              Total liabilities                                  46,714,809.59          8,905,492.05          5,000,760.85        16,391,618.34         10,735,898.13


              Non-controlling interest equity
              Equity attributable to the shareholders of the
                  parent company                                226,372,146.43         49,284,851.82         58,445,262.69        45,453,875.98         57,310,362.49


              Net asset shares calculated according to
                  the shareholding ratios                       113,186,073.22         24,642,425.91         29,222,572.80        22,726,937.99         28,655,181.25
              Adjustment matters
              — Goodwill
              — Unrealised profit on internal transactions
              — Others
              Book value of the equity investment in joint
                  ventures                                      113,186,073.22         24,642,425.91         29,222,572.80        22,726,937.99         28,655,181.25
              Fair value of the equity investment of joint
                  ventures with public offer


              Operating income                                   31,641,324.19         11,145,261.08          3,049,944.99        20,920,872.99         16,728,903.21
              Financial expenses                                   –395,586.98            –74,100.00            –13,364.54            –5,360.38            –12,164.62
              Income tax expenses                                   276,524.44          1,276,991.95              228,096.77       1,014,667.73            909,824.80
              Net profit                                          1,409,277.87          3,830,975.84              180,203.04       2,945,724.15           2,728,270.75
              Net profits of discontinuing operations
              Other comprehensive income
              Total comprehensive income                          1,409,277.87          3,830,975.84              180,203.04       2,945,724.15           2,728,270.75


              Dividends received from joint ventures in the
                  current period




                                                                                                                                                                 183
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
            8.2.3 Key financial information of major associates


                                                                                     As at June 30, 2024/                                                    As at December 31, 2023/
                                                                            For the six months ended June 30, 2024                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2023
                                                                   Shanghai Civil                                                          Shanghai Civil
                                                             Aviation East China          Shenyang Civil                             Aviation East China Shenyang Civil Aviation
                                                                   Cares System       Aviation Northeast       TravelSky Mobile            Cares System        Northeast Cares Co.,        TravelSky Mobile
                                                             Integration Co., Ltd.        Cares Co., Ltd.   Technology Co., Ltd.     Integration Co., Ltd.                     Ltd.     Technology Co., Ltd.

                   Current assets                                 397,598,839.51          248,128,680.04         594,709,724.13           443,403,818.35             266,424,076.81          323,567,537.70
                   Non-current assets                             199,025,706.14          107,929,111.83             31,448,125.20        204,683,117.19             110,990,760.89            38,340,566.99
                   Total assets                                   596,624,545.65          356,057,791.87         626,157,849.33           648,086,935.54             377,414,837.70          361,908,104.69


                   Current liabilities                            233,595,793.68           14,392,136.84         279,423,328.10           278,009,768.35              45,009,530.98          227,352,894.90
                   Non-current liabilities                         36,843,700.04            5,424,751.05             22,668,147.35          36,661,513.29              5,528,643.03            15,699,415.47
                   Total liabilities                              270,439,493.72           19,816,887.89         302,091,475.45           314,671,281.64              50,538,174.01          243,052,310.37


                   Non-controlling interest equity
                   Equity attributable to the shareholders
                        of parent company                         326,185,051.93          336,240,903.98         324,066,373.88           333,415,653.90             326,876,663.69          118,855,794.32


                   Net asset shares calculated according
                        to the shareholding ratios                133,735,871.29          154,670,815.82         132,867,213.29           136,700,418.10             150,363,265.30            28,317,393.00
                   Adjustment matters                             –41,665,027.18                                 110,660,653.41           –42,114,179.24                                     173,685,716.80
                   — Goodwill
                   — Unrealized profit from internal
                        trading                                   –41,665,027.18                                                          –42,114,179.24
                   — Others                                                                                      110,660,653.41                                                              173,685,716.80
                   Book value of the equity investment in
                        associates                                 92,070,844.11          154,670,815.82         243,527,866.70             94,586,238.86            150,363,265.30          202,003,109.79
                   Fair value of equity investments in
                        associates with publicly quoted
                        prices


                   Operating income                               119,872,275.71          151,521,427.67         117,546,336.82           124,278,381.10             164,264,002.16           58,155,911.02
                   Net profit                                      –7,230,601.97            9,364,240.29         –29,086,124.44                484,840.82             14,556,201.64          –42,918,368.06
                   Net profits of discontinuing operations
                   Other comprehensive income
                   Total comprehensive income                      –7,230,601.97            9,364,240.29         –29,086,124.44                484,840.82             14,556,201.64          –42,918,368.06


                   Dividends received from associates in
                        the current period




184
                                                                                       Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
        8.2.4 Summary of financial information on insignificant joint ventures or associates


                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                   June 30, 2024/   December 31, 2023/
                                                               For the six months    For the six months
                                                                   ended 30, 2024        ended 30, 2023
              Joint venture:

              Total investment book value                           29,988,758.25         34,941,670.17
              Total amount calculated based on the following
                shareholding proportions
                — Net profit                                       –12,041,101.89         –9,435,353.28
                — Other comprehensive income
                — Total comprehensive income                       –12,041,101.89         –9,435,353.28

              Associates:

              Total investment book value                          166,814,193.26        208,512,915.84
              Total amount calculated based on the following
                shareholding proportions
                — Net profit                                        11,738,624.36         20,695,963.97
                — Other comprehensive income
                — Total comprehensive income                        11,738,624.36         20,695,963.97




                                                                                                     185
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
            8.2.5 Excess losses incurred by joint ventures or associates


                                                       Accumulated Unrecognized loss            Accumulated
                                                       unrecognized  for the period (or        unrecognized
                   Name of joint ventures or           accumulated net profit shared for losses at the end of
                   associates                                losses          the period)           the period
                   Shanghai Dongmei Online
                     Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                                    1,091,188.47          1,091,188.47


9     GOVERNMENT GRANTS
      9.1 The type, amount and presentation of government subsidies
            9.1.1 Government subsidies included in the profit or loss for the current period
                 Asset-related government grants


                                                              Amount included in the current        Item in the
                                                             profit or loss or used to offset the   current profit
                                                                   related costs or losses          or loss or used
                   Item listed on the           Amount of       For the six         For the six     to offset the
                   statement of financial      government     months ended        months ended      related costs
                   position                         grants         30, 2024            30, 2023     or losses
                   Deferred income                                                 14,733,333.33    Other income


                   Total                                                           14,733,333.33




186
                                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2024



                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



9   GOVERNMENT GRANTS (CONTINUED)
    9.1 The type, amount and presentation of government subsidies (Continued)
        9.1.1 Government subsidies included in the profit or loss for the current period (Continued)
             Income-related government grants


                                                                                                            Amount included in the current
                                                                                                                profit or loss or used to
              Item included in the current                                   Amount of                     offset the related costs or losses
              profit or loss or used to offset                              government For the six months                             For the six months
              the related costs or losses                                        grants    ended 30, 2024                                 ended 30, 2023
              Enterprise support and
                subsidies                                                  2,302,936.30                        2,302,936.30                     8,573,035.33
              Tax refunds                                                    752,768.86                          752,768.86                       445,388.39
              Patent grants and awards                                     2,171,200.00                        2,171,200.00                     2,000,000.00


              Total                                                        5,226,905.16                        5,226,905.16                   11,018,423.72


        9.1.2 Liabilities involving government subsidies


                                                                   The amount of
                                                                   non-operating    The amount of
                                                                         income      other income         Amounts
                                         As at    The amount of    transferred in   transferred in charged to costs                          As at
                                  December 31,    new subsidy in     the current      the current        during the                      June 30,    Asset-related/
              Liability items             2023       this period          period           period            period   Other changes          2024    income-related

              Deferred earnings    1,221,182.50                                                                                       1,221,182.50   Income-related




                                                                                                                                                               187
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      The Company is exposed to various financial risks in the course of its operations: credit risk, liquidity
      risk and market risk (including exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and other price risks). The
      financial risks and the risk management policies taken by the Company to mitigate these risks are set
      out as below:

      The Board of directors is responsible for planning and establishing the Company’s risk management
      framework, formulating the Company’s risk management policies and relevant guidelines, and
      supervising the implementation of risk management measures. The Company has formulated risk
      management policies to identify and analyze the risks faced by it. These risk management policies
      specify specific risks and cover many aspects such as market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk
      management. The Company regularly evaluates the changes in the market environment and the
      Company’s business activities to decide whether to update the risk management policies and systems.
      The Company’s risk management is carried out by the Risk Management Committee in accordance with
      the policies approved by the board of directors. The Risk Management Committee identifies, evaluates
      and avoids relevant risks through close cooperation with other business departments of the Company.
      The Company’s internal audit department regularly reviews the risk management controls and
      procedures, and reports the audit results to the Company’s Audit Committee.

      The Company diversifies its exposure to financial instruments through an appropriately diversified
      portfolio of investments and businesses, and reduces the risk of concentration in a single industry, a
      specific region or a specific counterparty by formulating corresponding risk management policies.




188
                                                                                         Interim Report 2024



                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   10.1 Credit risk
       Credit risk refers to the risk of financial loss to the Company caused by the counterparty’s failure
       to perform its contractual obligations.

       The Company’s credit risk arises mainly from cash and cash equivalents, notes receivable,
       accounts receivable, contract assets, other receivables, and debt instruments that are not
       included in the scope of impairment assessment and are measured at fair value and whose
       changes are included in current profit and loss Investments and derivative financial assets, etc. On
       the balance sheet date, the book value of the company’s financial assets has represented its
       maximum credit risk exposure.

       The Company’s cash and cash equivalents are mainly bank deposits placed with reputable
       state-owned banks and other large and medium-sized listed banks with high credit ratings, which
       the Company believes that they have no significant credit risk and will almost never incur
       significant losses due to bank’s defaults.

       In addition, for notes receivable, accounts receivable, receivables financing, contract assets and
       other receivables, etc. the Company has set the relevant policies to control credit risk exposure.
       The Company, based on the customers’ financial positions, the possibility of obtaining guarantees
       from the third party, credit records and other factors such as the current market conditions,
       evaluated the credit qualifications of customers and set credit term. The Company would monitor
       the customers’ credit records periodically; as for the customers with bad credit records, the
       Company would adopt the methods including requesting a payment in writing or shortening or
       canceling credit term so as to keep the Company’s overall credit risks within controllable scope.




                                                                                                       189
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      10.2 Liquidity risk
            Liquidity risk refers to the risk of capital shortage arising when the enterprise performs the
            settlement obligation by way of the delivery of funds or other financial assets.

            The policy of the Company is to ensure that there are sufficient cash for the payment of the
            matured debts. Liquidity risk is under centralized control of the financial department of the
            Company. The financial department monitors cash balance and readily realizable and marketable
            securities and makes rolling forecast on cash flows of the next 12 months to ensure that the
            Company has sufficient funds to repay debts in all cases of reasonable prediction. Meanwhile, it
            monitors whether provisions of the borrowing agreement are satisfied, obtain commitments of
            main financial institutions for providing sufficient reserve funds to satisfy the demand for
            short-term and long-term funds.

            Various financial liabilities of the Company should be presented at undiscounted contractual cash
            flows on the maturity date as follows:

                                                                                                       As at June 30, 2024
                                                                                                                                                         Total
                                                       Immediate                                                                                 undiscounted
             Item                                      repayment   Within one year        1–2 years           2–5 years       Over 5 years    contract amount         Book value

             Short-term borrowings                                 1,176,617,236.50                                                           1,176,617,236.50   1,151,999,999.00
             Account payable                                       1,532,938,556.24   594,736,293.54      156,749,542.42      51,010,203.69   2,335,434,595.89   2,335,434,595.89
             Other payables                                        2,194,352,745.90    46,374,965.54       65,280,434.56      83,021,236.44   2,389,029,382.44   2,389,029,382.44
             Non-current liabilities maturing within
               one year (long-term borrowings)                      203,772,222.22                                                             203,772,222.22     200,213,888.89
             Lease liabilities (including matured in
               one year)                                             91,159,716.25     16,477,164.76        5,300,924.84          19,200.00    112,957,005.85     109,933,106.62


             Total                                                 5,198,840,477.11   657,588,423.84      227,330,901.82     134,050,640.13   6,217,810,442.90   6,186,610,972.84




190
                                                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2024



                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   10.2 Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                                                 As at December 31, 2023
                                                   Immediate                                                                               Total undiscounted
         Item                                      repayment   Within one year          1–2 years          2–5 years       Over 5 years      contract amount         Book value

         Short-term borrowings                                  759,667,559.68                                                                 759,667,559.68    751,589,902.50
         Account payable                                       1,419,482,809.30    760,194,055.79      60,997,520.71        4,884,788.97     2,245,559,174.77   2,245,559,174.77
         Other payables                                        1,452,030,857.87     20,750,684.62      72,216,465.61       75,723,929.84     1,620,721,937.94   1,620,721,937.94
         Long-term borrowings                                      7,097,222.22    201,769,444.45                                              208,866,666.67    200,213,888.89
         Lease liabilities (including matured in
           one year)                                            104,718,417.67      39,595,304.07        9,825,474.68                          154,139,196.42    160,004,622.29


         Total                                                 3,742,996,866.74   1,022,309,488.93    143,039,461.00       80,608,718.81     4,988,954,535.48   4,978,089,526.39



       The repayment period of bank borrowings and other financing is analysed as follows:

                                                          As at June 30, 2024                                           As at December 31, 2023
         Item                                      Bank borrowing      Other financing                              Bank borrowing     Other financing
         Within one year                           1,352,213,887.89                   88,341,258.86                     751,589,902.50                   109,423,596.99
         1–2 years                                                                    21,521,863.59                     200,213,888.89                    40,578,846.61
         2–5 years                                                                        51,161.11                                                       10,002,178.69
         Over 5 years                                                                     18,823.06


         Total                                     1,352,213,887.89                 109,933,106.62                      951,803,791.39                   160,004,622.29


   10.3 Market Risk
       Market risk associated with financial instruments refers to the risk that fair value or future cash
       flows of financial instruments fluctuate due to variations in market prices, and it includes
       exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and price risks.




                                                                                                                                                                         191
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      10.3 Market Risk (Continued)
            10.3.1 Interest rate risk
                  Interest rate risks refer to the risks of fluctuation in the fair value or future cash flows of
                  financial instruments due to changes in market interest rate.

                  Fixed-rate and floating-rate interest-bearing financial instruments make the Company expose
                  to fair value interest rate risk and cash flow interest rate risk, respectively. The Company
                  determines the ratio of fixed-rate instruments to floating-rate instruments based on market
                  conditions and maintains an appropriate mix of fixed-rate and floating-rate instruments
                  through regular review and monitoring. When necessary, the Company uses interest rate
                  swap instruments to hedge interest rate risk.

                  As at June 30, 2024, with other variables held constant, if the borrowing rate calculated at
                  the floating rate increased or decreased by 100 basis points, the net profit of the Company
                  would decrease or increase by RMB9,791,999.99 (December 31, 2023: RMB6,388,514.17).

            10.3.2 Exchange rate risk
                  Exchange rate risk refers to the risk that fair value or future cash flows of financial
                  instruments fluctuate due to variations in foreign exchange rate.

                  The Company continuously monitor the foreign currency transactions and foreign currency
                  assets and liabilities to minimize the foreign exchange risks. In addition, the Company may
                  also sign forward foreign exchange contracts or currency swap contracts to achieve the
                  purpose of avoiding exchange rate risk. In 2024 and prior period, the Company did not sign
                  any forward foreign exchange contract or currency swap contract.

                  The exchange rate risk the Company is facing is mainly from the financial assets and
                  liabilities denominated in U.S. dollars, and the foreign currency assets and liabilities are
                  equivalent to the amount denominated in RMB indicated as below:

                                                          As at June 30, 2024                                As at December 31, 2023
                                                             Other foreign                                         Other foreign
                   Item                     U.S. Dollar         currencies               Total      U.S. Dollar      currencies             Total

                   Cash and cash
                      equivalents        185,337,853.86      31,217,058.91      216,554,912.77   192,633,843.54    25,703,648.55   218,337,492.09
                   Accounts receivable   159,538,867.30     121,376,959.21      280,915,826.51   129,047,240.71   106,926,160.68   235,973,401.39


                   Total                 344,876,721.16     152,594,018.12      497,470,739.28   321,681,084.25   132,629,809.23   454,310,893.48


                  As at June 30, 2024, if all other variables remain unchanged, if the RMB appreciates or
                  depreciates against the U.S. dollars by 1%, the Company will decrease or increase its net
                  profit by RMB4,228,501.28 (December 31, 2023：RMB3,861,642.59).




192
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024



                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   10.3 Market Risk (Continued)
        10.3.3 Other price risk
              Other price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of financial instruments
              will fluctuate because of the changes in market prices other than exchange rate risk and
              interest rate risk.

              The Company’s other price risk arises primarily from investments in various equity
              instruments. There is the risk of changes in the prices of equity instruments.

              As at June 30, 2024, in the case that other variables remained the same, if the value of
              equity instruments increase or decrease by 2%, the Company will increase or decrease the
              net profits of RMB13,324,925.69 and other comprehensive income of RMB15,001,701.00
              (December 31, 2023: Net profits of RMB13,377,356.33; other comprehensive income of
              RMB14,118,054.60).


11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE
   The input value used for measuring fair value is divided into three levels:

   Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
   Company can access on the measurement date;

   Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the
   asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

   Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs that have been applied in valuing the respective asset or
   liability.

   The level of the measurement result of fair value shall subject to the lowest level which the input that
   is great significance to the entire measurement of fair value belongs to.




                                                                                                         193
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
      11.1 Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at June 30, 2024

                                                                      Fair value as at June 30, 2024
                                                 Measurement of     Measurement of      Measurement of
                                                    fair value at      fair value at        fair value at
             Item                                         Level 1            Level 2              Level 3              Total
             I. Continuous measurement
                  of fair value
                  ◆ Financial assets
                         held for trading                           2,702,068,287.67                        2,702,068,287.67
                      1. Specified as
                             financial assets
                             measured at
                             fair value
                             through the
                             current profit or
                             loss                                   2,702,068,287.67                        2,702,068,287.67
                          (1) Debt
                                 instrument
                                 investment                         2,702,068,287.67                        2,702,068,287.67
                  ◆ Investment in other
                        equity
                        instruments                                                       882,453,000.00     882,453,000.00
                  ◆ Other non-current
                        financial assets                                                  783,819,158.05     783,819,158.05
                      1. Financial assets
                             measured at
                             fair value
                             through the
                             current profit or
                             loss                                                         783,819,158.05     783,819,158.05
                          (1) Equity
                                 instrument
                                 investment                                               783,819,158.05     783,819,158.05
                Total assets with
                   continuous
                   measurement of fair
                   value                                            2,702,068,287.67    1,666,272,158.05    4,368,340,445.72




194
                                                                                                     Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
   11.2 Qualitative and quantitative information of valuation techniques and key
        parameters adopted for items measured at the fair value of Level 2 on a
        going and non-going concern

                                                                                       Major parameters
                                   Fair value as at     Valuation                                    Quantitative
        Item                         June 30, 2024      techniques      Qualitative information      information
        Structured Deposits       2,702,068,287.67      Market          The applicable time
                                                          approach        deposit interest rate is
                                                                          determined based on
                                                                          the market exchange
                                                                          rate pricing issued as
                                                                          at June 30, 2024.


   11.3 Qualitative and quantitative information of valuation techniques and key
        parameters adopted for items measured at the fair value of Level 3 on a
        going and non-going concern

                                                                                                       Range interval
                                          Fair value as at     Valuation        Unobservable               (weighted
        Item                                June 30, 2024      techniques       input value                 average)
        China Merchants RenHe Life         882,453,000.00      Market           Price-to-book                     1.74
          Insurance Company Limited                              approach         ratio
        China Mobile Equity Fund           783,819,158.05      Market           Liquidity                        30%
          (Hebei Xiong’an) Partnership                           approach         discount




                                                                                                                    195
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
      11.4 Analysis on the measurement items measured at fair value of level 3 on a
           going concern, adjustment information between the book value as at the end
           of the last year and the book value as at the end of last period and
           sensitivity of unobservable parameters
            11.4.1 Analysis on the measurements items measured at fair value of Level 3 reconciliation items

                                                                                                                     Current profit or loss                  Purchases, issuances, sales, and settlements
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  For assets
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  held at the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   end of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            reporting period,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      current
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           unrealized gains
                                                                      As at                                    Included in the     Included other                                                                                   As at       or changes
                                                               December 31,     Transfer to   Transfer from   current profit or    comprehensive                                                                                 June 30, included in profit
                   Item                                               2023          Level 3         Level 3               loss            income     Purchases         Issuances               Sales        Settlements             2024            or loss

                   ◆ Investment in other equity
                        instruments                           830,473,800.00                                                         51,979,200.00                                                                         882,453,000.00
                   ◆ Other non-current financial assets       786,903,313.48                                     –1,583,785.91                                                                              1,500,369.52   783,819,158.05
                     Financial assets measured at fair
                         value through the other
                         comprehensive income and
                         financial assets measured at fair
                         value through the current profit
                         or loss                              786,903,313.48                                     –1,583,785.91                                                                              1,500,369.52   783,819,158.05
                     — Equity instrument investment           786,903,313.48                                     –1,583,785.91                                                                              1,500,369.52   783,819,158.05


                   Total                                     1,617,377,113.48                                    –1,583,785.91       51,979,200.00                                                          1,500,369.52 1,666,272,158.05


                   Including: Gains and losses related to
                                financial assets                                                                 –1,583,785.91
                              Gains and losses related to
                               non-financial assets




196
                                                                                              Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  12.1 Parent company of the Company

                                                                                      Shareholding
                                                                                       ratio of the Voting ratio of
                                                                       Registered           parent      the parent
                                                                        capital (in    company in      company in
       Name of parent                                                      RMB10 the Company the Company
       company           Registration place   Nature of business        thousand)              (%)             (%)
       China TravelSky   No.7 Yumin Street,   Manage all state-        300,000.00            29.55           29.55
         Holding           Houshayu Town,       owned assets and
         Company           Shunyi District,     state-own equity
         Limited           Beijing, China       arising from the
                                                state investments in
                                                the group company
                                                and its investees.


      The Company’s ultimate controller: the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
      Commission of the State Council.

  12.2 Subsidiaries of the Company
      See the Note 8 “Equity in other entities” for the details of major subsidiaries the Company.

  12.3 Joint ventures and associates of the Company
      See the Note 8 “Equity in other entities” for the details of major joint ventures or associates of the
      Company.




                                                                                                               197
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.4 Other related parties

             Name of other related party         Relationship with the Company
             Air China Co., Ltd.                 Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
             Shenzhen Airlines Co., Ltd.         A shareholder of the Company
             China Southern Airlines Co., Ltd.   Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
             Xiamen Airlines Co., Ltd            A shareholder of the Company
             China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd.    A shareholder of the Company
             Shanghai Airlines Co., Ltd.         Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
             China United Airlines Co., Ltd.     Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
             Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd.   A shareholder of the Company
             Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd.          Subsidiaries of shareholders of the Company
             Shandong Airlines Co., Ltd.         A shareholder of the Company
             CCTS Co., Ltd.                      Associated company of the shareholders of the
                                                   Company
             TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.      Same ultimate controlling party




198
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.5 Related-party transactions
       12.5.1 Related party transactions on purchase and sales of goods, rendering and receipt of labor
              services
            Purchase of goods/receipt of labor services

                                                                                             For the              For the
                                                        Content of related-party   six months ended     six months ended
             Related party                              transactions                   June 30, 2024        June 30, 2023
             Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares     Purchase of goods/            29,399,034.33         37,840,109.87
               Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries             Technology support fee
             Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC       Technology support fee          3,530,394.72         5,597,755.38
             Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co.,       Technology support fee            274,592.30            91,974.52
               Ltd.
             Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network     Purchase of goods/               171,749.14         24,042,209.43
               Co., Ltd.                                  Technology support fee
             Shanghai CAAC Huadong Kaiya System         Purchase of goods/            92,158,142.08         31,655,383.69
               Integration Co., Ltd.                      Technology support fee
             Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares    Technology support fee       104,569,579.54         69,295,842.54
               Co., Ltd.
             Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co.,      Technology support fee          1,531,929.81        22,211,524.37
               Ltd. and its subsidiaries
             TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited        Purchase of goods/              5,309,689.74         1,703,482.96
                                                          Technology support fee
             TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.             Technology support fee          1,534,891.12         3,645,610.39
             Beijing TravelSky Borun Technology Co.,    Technology support fee          9,001,747.94         9,861,816.94
                Ltd.
             China Southern Airlines Company            Technology support fee           313,903.49             47,453.78
                Limited and its subsidiaries
             Air China Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries   Technology support fee          1,469,811.32           652,907.32
             Guangzhou Airport Hangyi Information       Purchase of goods                                      293,509.42
                Technology Co., Ltd.
             CCTS Co., Ltd.                             Technology support fee          1,589,617.29         3,660,858.55




                                                                                                                     199
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
            12.5.1 Related party transactions on purchase and sales of goods, rendering and receipt of labor
                   services (Continued)
                 Sales of goods/rendering of labor services

                                                                                                    For the             For the
                                                               Content of related-party   six months ended    six months ended
                   Related party                               transactions                   June 30, 2024       June 30, 2023
                   Air China Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries    Aviation Information         536,032,477.45       431,493,766.89
                                                                  Technology Service
                   China Southern Airlines Company             Aviation Information         495,365,854.48       407,144,948.81
                      Limited and its subsidiaries                Technology Service
                   China Eastern Airlines Corporation          Aviation Information         412,695,099.87       388,410,833.72
                      Limited and its subsidiaries                Technology Service
                   Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its   Aviation Information         226,842,888.45       214,199,029.67
                      subsidiaries                                Technology Service
                   Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd.                  Aviation Information         125,323,881.08       115,745,358.73
                                                                  Technology Service
                   Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares    Information Technology          6,169,171.00       10,417,150.60
                     System Integration Co., Ltd.                 Service, etc.
                   Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares     Information Technology          1,875,702.14          726,799.98
                     Co., Ltd.                                    Service, etc.
                   Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares      Information Technology          5,888,494.65        3,037,389.40
                     Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries               Service, etc.
                   Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co.,       Information Technology           657,358.48         2,787,610.62
                     Ltd. and its subsidiaries                    Service, etc.
                   Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network      Information Technology           128,754.39             1,603.78
                     Co., Ltd.                                    Service, etc.
                   Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC.       Information Technology          1,906,893.84        2,721,578.13
                                                                  Service, etc.
                   Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co.,        Information Technology           163,207.54           261,734.02
                     Ltd.                                         Service, etc.
                   Shanghai Dongmei Online Travel Agency       Information Technology            31,549.05            11,977.36
                     Co., Ltd.                                    Service, etc.
                   Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co.,       Information Technology            27,358.50            26,415.10
                     Ltd.                                         Service, etc.
                   TravelSky Mobile Technology Co., Ltd.       Information Technology        13,349,538.70        10,551,526.41
                                                                  Service, etc.
                   CCTS Co., Ltd.                              Information Technology                                165,283.02
                                                                  Service, etc.
                   TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.              Information Technology          1,531,100.19
                                                                  Service, etc.
                   Guangzhou Airport Hangyi Information        Information Technology            85,840.71
                     Technology Co., Ltd.                         Service




200
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Interim Report 2024



                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
       12.5.2 Related-party lease
            The Company acted as lessee:

                                                                                   For the six months ended June 30, 2024                                                       For the six months ended June 30, 2023
                                                                Simplified                                                                                  Simplified
                                                              treatment of                                                                                treatment of
                                                           rental costs for                                                                            rental costs for
                                                               short-term     Variable lease                             Interest                          short-term      Variable lease
                                                               leases and      payments not                            expenses          Increased         leases and      payments not                       Interest expenses         Increased
                                         Type of leased          leases of    included in the                   incurred on lease      right-of-use          leases of    included in the                     incurred on lease       right-of-use
             Name of lessor              assets           low-value assets lease liabilities        Rent paid          liabilities          assets low-value assets       lease liabilities      Rent paid            liabilities          assets

             China TravelSky Holding     Buildings                                              26,102,801.82         791,254.74     147,008,845.59                                           26,102,801.84        1,863,773.44     146,942,707.71
               Company Co., Ltd
             TravelSky Cloud Data Co.,   Buildings                                              21,009,662.10       1,203,582.02      96,748,173.70                                           17,135,899.05        1,960,489.81      65,993,923.55
               Ltd.
             TravelSky Cloud Data Co.,   Others                                                                                                                                                  61,992.45             1,359.66        184,510.72
               Ltd.



       12.5.3 Loans from and to related parties


                                                                         Amount of
             Related party                                                  loans                      Starting date                                  Due date                                  Remarks
             Loans from related
               parties
             China TravelSky                                    200,213,888.89                         2022/3/22                                      2025/3/21                                 Principal of long-
               Holding Company                                                                                                                                                                    term borrowings
               Limited                                                                                                                                                                            plus accrued
                                                                                                                                                                                                  interest


       12.5.4 Asset transfer and debt restructuring of related parties


                                                                                                                                                    For the                                              For the
                                                                              Content of related                                          six months ended                                     six months ended
             Related party                                                    party transactions                                              June 30, 2024                                        June 30, 2023
             Yunnan TravelSky                                                 Capital contribution                                                    61,435,724.75
               Airport Network Co.,                                             from equity of
               Ltd.                                                             subsidiaries




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        201
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties
            12.6.1 Receivables

                                                                                                         As at June 30, 2024                  As at December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                     Provision for bad                      Provision for bad
             Item                    Related party                                                  Book balance                 debts     Book balance                 debts
             Accounts receivable
                                     Air China Limited and its subsidiaries                      1,029,054,683.11        5,541,671.33      885,574,329.73        5,268,985.83
                                     China Southern Airlines Company Limited and its             1,376,736,325.78      183,049,826.29    1,115,255,891.17      183,346,327.70
                                          subsidiaries
                                     China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited and its           934,783,115.00          2,829,581.35    568,323,156.13         2,839,923.84
                                          subsidiaries
                                     Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries       321,631,346.48       122,390,425.99     291,698,884.88        84,419,344.19
                                     Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd.                                    54,720,423.12             1,373.96      46,904,529.76             4,768.53
                                     Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares System               42,966,322.02                 2.93      48,813,877.54                11.07
                                          Integration Co., Ltd.
                                     Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd. and its            22,100,654.49                           36,743,305.34
                                          subsidiaries
                                     Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co., Ltd.              1,461,080.00                             1,044,680.00
                                     Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC                             600,139.55                             2,345,644.00
                                     Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                      4,352,240.00                             4,213,440.00
                                     Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                 115,600.00
                                     Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co., Ltd. and its      21,076,050.00                           30,076,812.18
                                          subsidiaries
                                     TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited                           79,124,983.61                           93,018,050.70
                                     Shanghai Dongmei Online Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                    3,454.00                               12,885.00
                                     Xinjiang Travelsky Tianyi Technology Innovation Co., Ltd.     24,922,707.75                           25,337,826.25
                                     Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                         5,900.00                                9,800.00
                                     Guangzhou Airport Hangyi Information Technology Co.,              85,840.71
                                          Ltd.
                                     TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                                 5,604,608.17                             5,606,099.17
                                     CCTS Co., Ltd.                                                                                            214,400.00
             Notes receivable
                                     Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries       153,914,229.00                          110,854,021.41
             Advances to suppliers
                                     China Southern Airlines Corporation Limited and its               25,039.90
                                         subsidiaries
                                     Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares System               18,777,976.36                           35,575,942.55
                                         Integration Co., Ltd.
                                     Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co., Ltd.              1,542,898.46                           19,963,295.28
                                     Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co., Ltd.               4,114,250.00                            2,388,789.00
                                     Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                       761,400.00                              453,600.00
                                     TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited                               51,850.00                                1,300.00
                                     TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                                   830,569.86
                                     CCTS Co., Ltd.                                                   450,000.00                              622,494.51




202
                                                                                                                                        Interim Report 2024



                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                                          (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
       12.6.1 Receivables (Continued)

                                                                                                 As at June 30, 2024                As at December 31, 2023
                                                                                                             Provision for bad                    Provision for bad
             Item              Related party                                                Book balance                 debts   Book balance                 debts
             Other
                receivables
                               China Southern Airlines Company Limited and its              91,129,645.04                         88,648,129.15
                                   subsidiaries
                               China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited and its          211,859,299.19                        171,716,285.29
                                   subsidiaries
                               Air China Limited and its subsidiaries                      337,233,415.21                        262,764,820.12
                               Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd.                                21,150.00                              9,545.02
                               Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd.                                    7,126,716.62                          6,927,871.22
                               TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited                           2,641,800.34                          2,641,800.34
                               Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                      189,541.14                            684,401.14
                               Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares System               3,381,047.46                          3,190,222.82
                                   Integration Co., Ltd.
                               Shanghai Dongmei Online Travel Agency Co., Ltd.               1,019,254.39                          1,019,254.39
                               China TravelSky Holding Company Limited                         511,427.94                            511,427.94
                               Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co., Ltd.                                                    1,177,567.19
                               Guangzhou Airport Hangyi Information Technology Co.,              4,691.75                              4,691.75
                                   Ltd.
                               Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                         5,805.00                            229,243.68
                               Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                                                      220,566.81
                               TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                                1,602,887.39                          4,153,874.39
                               CCTS Co., Ltd.                                                4,603,775.89                          4,603,775.89
                               Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co., Ltd.                                                   1,232,866.76
             Contract assets
                               China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited and its                                                      1,130.00            1,130.00
                                    subsidiaries
                               Air China Limited and its subsidiaries                          524,190.00             9,405.74      404,190.00             8,863.66
                               Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries            6,060.00               252.04
                               Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co., Ltd.              2,547,835.20                          2,557,357.20
                               Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC                             97,500.00                             82,500.00
                               Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                 32,400.00                             32,400.00
                               Xinjiang Travelsky Tianyi Technology Innovation Co., Ltd.        12,520.00                             12,520.00




                                                                                                                                                             203
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
            12.6.2 Payables


                   Item               Related party                                               As at June 30, 2024   As at December 31, 2023
                   Accounts payable
                                      China TravelSky Holding Company Limited                             968,475.59                  968,475.59
                                      TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                                    8,332,428.00                8,321,749.05
                                      CCTS Co., Ltd.                                                   10,029,780.72               13,596,416.75
                                      China Southern Airlines Company Limited and                         146,036.47                   43,332.19
                                          its subsidiaries
                                      China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited and                       33,048.00
                                          its subsidiaries
                                      Air China Limited and its subsidiaries                             1,591,218.55                889,973.27
                                      Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd.                                                                      14,000.00
                                      Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co., Ltd.               101,461,973.80             140,389,470.57
                                      Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                         1,124,322.62               3,393,829.04
                                      Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd. and                   18,576,006.14              22,297,770.68
                                          its subsidiaries
                                      Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC                                536,958.46               1,889,607.52
                                      Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                 25,043,706.29              29,725,741.82
                                      Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares System                 178,265,617.11             136,018,937.71
                                          Integration Co., Ltd.
                                      Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co., Ltd. and its         45,638,571.27             116,640,452.74
                                          subsidiaries
                                      Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                           57,836.45                  125,088.52
                                      Beijing TravelSky Borun Technology Co., Ltd.                     12,999,617.12                8,636,915.63
                                      TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited                              19,955,633.59               19,395,792.63
                                      Shanghai Dongmei Online Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                                                   7,535.00
                                      Xinjiang Travelsky Tianyi Technology Innovation Co., Ltd.        28,191,225.52               36,168,252.62
                                      Guangzhou Airport Hangyi Information Technology                      11,667.00                   11,667.00
                                          Co., Ltd.
                   Other payables
                                      China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited and                                                  27,208.80
                                          its subsidiaries
                                      China Southern Airlines Company Limited and                        1,597,986.22                849,964.56
                                          its subsidiaries
                                      Air China Limited and its subsidiaries                                17,007.30                   2,017.30
                                      Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries                     0.01
                                      Beijing TravelSky Borun Technology Co., Ltd.                         822,758.40                822,758.40
                                      TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited                                  851,200.00                851,200.00
                                      Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares System                    1,131,600.83
                                          Integration Co., Ltd.
                                      China TravelSky Holding Company Limited                            7,940,661.21               7,899,662.38
                                      Shanghai Dongmei Online Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                          984.00                     984.00
                                      CCTS Co., Ltd.                                                       874,759.76                 175,679.64
                                      Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co., Ltd. and its                                         20,973.45
                                          subsidiaries
                                      Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd. and its               21,635,509.33
                                          subsidiaries



204
                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2024



                        NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
       12.6.2 Payables (Continued)


             Item                      Related party                                            As at June 30, 2024   As at December 31, 2023
             Contract liabilities
                                       China Southern Airlines Company Limited and its               89,646,039.36               89,850,128.85
                                           subsidiaries
                                       Air China Limited and its subsidiaries                       145,553,617.92             144,607,322.78
                                       China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited and               216,952,203.16             217,092,583.11
                                           its subsidiaries
                                       Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries        54,888,708.62               54,923,418.42
                                       Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd.                                    51,319,649.63               51,319,649.63
                                       Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC                                                         126,756.76
                                       Shanghai Dongmei Online Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                  244,946.46
                                       Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares System                                              17,699.12
                                           Integration Co., Ltd
                                       Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co., Ltd.                 63,443.03                 112,907.59
                                       China TravelSky Holding Company Limited                          971,698.11
             Non-current liabilities
                due within one year
                                       China TravelSky Holding Company Limited                      200,213,888.89
             Long term borrowings
                                       China TravelSky Holding Company Limited                                                 200,213,888.89



13 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT
   None.


14 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
   14.1 Significant commitments
       On April 16, 2020, the Company, as a limited partner, signed the Agreement on China Mobile
       Equity Fund (Hebei Xiong’an) Partnership (Limited Partnership) with China Mobile Capital Holding
       Co., Ltd. and other companies, by which the Company subscribed for a capital contribution of
       RMB1 billion. As at June 30, 2024, the Company made the actual capital contribution(including
       fund management fee) of RMB684,305,761.81.

       Except for the case mentioned above, the Group has no other commitments required to be
       disclosed.

   14.2 Contingencies
       As at June 30, 2024, the Group had no significant contingencies required to be disclosed.




                                                                                                                                         205
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



15 POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS
      15.1 Significant non-adjusting events
            During July to August 2024, a total of RMB68,164,270.40 was received as tax rebate from key
            software enterprises.

      15.2 Profit distribution
            None.


16 OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
      16.1 Correction of accounting errors in prior periods
            There were no corrections of accounting errors in previous periods made during the reporting
            period.

      16.2 Annuity plan
            All full-time employees of the group participate in the basic pension insurance formulated by the
            government in accordance with national policies. As at June 30, 2024, the Group paid the basic
            pension insurance premium according to the maximum 16% of the employees’ basic salary not
            exceeding the upper limit specified by the government department, and the employees paid the
            basic pension insurance premium according to the proportion of their own salary specified by the
            government. After reaching the statutory retirement age, employees receive basic pension on a
            monthly basis. As at June 30, 2024, the Group’s total basic endowment insurance premiums
            amounted to RMB103,533,922.69 (As at June 30, 2023: RMB90,493,069.97).

            In addition, the Group has established an enterprise annuity plan. The expenses required for an
            enterprise annuity shall be jointly paid by the enterprise and the individual employees. Employees
            may voluntarily choose to join or not join the company’s enterprise annuity plan. As at June 30,
            2024, the total enterprise annuity expense of the Group was RMB40,923,915.28 (As at June 30,
            2023: RMB39,433,769.95).

            As at 30 June, 2024, the Group had no forfeited contributions to reduce its contributions to the
            defined contribution annuity plan managed by the group in future years.

      16.3 Segment information
            The Group’s business is mainly located in China. The Group operates business only in one
            industry, i.e., providing aviation information technology and relevant services in China. The Group’s
            revenues mainly come from its related parties and customers in China, and the revenue division
            made by the Group based on major product or service has been presented in Note 5.43. The
            Group did not prepare any segment balance sheet and income statement for period ended June
            30, 2024 and June 30, 2023.

            Meanwhile, as the Group’s revenues mainly come from China, and its assets are also in China,
            there is no regional segment information presented in the Group’s financial statements.




206
                                                                                                                                                                           Interim Report 2024



                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS
  17.1 Accounts receivable
      17.1.1 Disclosure of accounts receivable by aging (based on invoice dates)


                                                                                                                                                    As at                              As at
                                                                                                                                                 June 30,                       December 31,
            Aging                                                                                                                                   2024                               2023
            Within 1 year                                                                                                      3,804,185,811.24                             3,346,528,146.63
            Including: Subitem within 1 year
            Within 6 months                                                                                                    2,646,008,529.73                             2,332,336,415.06
            7–12 months                                                                                                        1,158,177,281.51                             1,014,191,731.57
            1–2 years                                                                                                          1,345,334,631.26                               852,245,158.67
            2–3 years                                                                                                            177,908,407.31                               259,453,447.66
            3–4 years                                                                                                            125,931,790.82                               149,825,773.92
            4–5 years                                                                                                            105,945,058.39                               125,268,958.38
            Over 5 years                                                                                                         200,136,825.39                               164,916,795.53
            Sub-total                                                                                                          5,759,442,524.41                             4,898,238,280.79
            Less: provision for bad debts                                                                                        844,644,566.12                               897,621,278.45


            Total                                                                                                              4,914,797,958.29                             4,000,617,002.34


      17.1.2 Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category


                                                                      As at June 30, 2024                                                                 As at December 31, 2023
                                              Book balance                 Provision for bad debts                                    Book balance               Provision for bad debts
                                                                                             Proportion                                                                          Proportion
                                                         Proportion                         of provision              Book                       Proportion                     of provision
            Category                          Amount           (%)              Amount               (%)             value            Amount            (%)           Amount               (%)        Book value

            Provision for bad debts
                accrued on an
                individual basis       847,590,057.39         14.72      596,167,046.01           70.34     251,423,011.38     766,507,599.05         15.65    511,787,626.87         66.77       254,719,972.18
            Provision for bad debts
                accrued on a
                portfolio basis of
                credit risk
                characteristics       4,911,852,467.02        85.28      248,477,520.11            5.06 4,663,374,946.91      4,131,730,681.74        84.35    385,833,651.58          9.34      3,745,897,030.16


            Total                     5,759,442,524.41       100.00      844,644,566.12                    4,914,797,958.29   4,898,238,280.79       100.00    897,621,278.45                    4,000,617,002.34




                                                                                                                                                                                                         207
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.1 Accounts receivable (Continued)
            17.1.2 Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category (Continued)
                  Provision for bad debts accrued on an individual basis:

                                                         As at June 30, 2024                              As at December 31, 2023
                                          Book    Provision for   Proportion of   Reason for                     Book     Provision for
                   Entity              balance       bad debts    provision (%)   provision                   balance        bad debts

                   Customer 1    132,318,954.94 127,221,532.43            96.15   Poor financial        143,456,483.18   138,734,613.64
                                                                                     situation
                   Customer 2    216,549,251.78   51,572,397.39           23.82   Poor financial        219,850,314.21    48,617,825.40
                                                                                     situation
                   Customer 3    182,618,679.13 182,618,679.13          100.00    Significant           182,618,679.13   182,618,679.13
                                                                                     uncertainty
                                                                                     about
                                                                                     recoverability
                   Customer 4     58,515,108.11   52,812,626.72           90.25   The financial          71,400,071.04    65,788,881.34
                                                                                     situation is not
                                                                                     favourable and
                                                                                     a lawsuit has
                                                                                     been filed
                   Customer 5     46,567,032.84   35,247,922.38           75.69   Poor financial         37,637,075.97    25,768,033.42
                                                                                     situation
                   Customer 6     53,460,662.44   38,703,538.77           72.40   Poor financial         21,281,755.08     4,929,389.70
                                                                                     situation
                   Customer 7     50,948,081.80   36,230,317.70           71.11   Poor financial         20,314,198.33     8,616,172.07
                                                                                     situation
                   Others        106,612,286.35   71,760,031.49           67.31                          69,949,022.11    36,714,032.17


                   Total         847,590,057.39 596,167,046.01                                          766,507,599.05   511,787,626.87




208
                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2024



                       NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.1 Accounts receivable (Continued)
      17.1.2 Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category (Continued)
           Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis:

           Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                   As at June 30, 2024
                                                                 Accounts           Provision for bad               Proportion of
            Name                                                receivable                      debts               provision (%)
            Accounts receivable from
              third-parties                             1,490,158,429.06                  248,477,520.11                      16.67
            Accounts receivable from
              related parties                           3,421,694,037.96


            Total                                       4,911,852,467.02                  248,477,520.11


      17.1.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2024


                                                                         Changes in the current period
                                     As at December                           Reversal/       Write-off/                As at June 30,
            Category                       31, 2023          Provision         Recovery      charge-off Other changes            2024

            Provision for bad
               debts accrued on
               an individual basis    511,787,626.87     84,379,419.14                                                  596,167,046.01
            Provision for bad
               debts accrued on
               a portfolio basis      385,833,651.58   –137,356,131.47                                                  248,477,520.11


            Total                     897,621,278.45    –52,976,712.33                                                  844,644,566.12




                                                                                                                                 209
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.1 Accounts receivable (Continued)
            17.1.4 Top five of accounts receivable and contract asset as at June 30, 2024, presented by debtors
                  The sum amount of top five of accounts receivable and contract asset presented by debtors
                  is RMB2,994,974,298.96, accounting for 50.46% of the ending balance of accounts receivable
                  and contract asset, and the corresponding ending balance of allowance for bad debts is
                  RMB235,006,334.53.

      17.2 Other receivables

                                                                                   As at              As at
                                                                                June 30,       December 31,
             Item                                                                  2024               2023
             Interest receivable
             Dividends receivable                                          44,139,900.00        53,533,370.76
             Other receivables                                            291,194,473.42       319,300,463.19


             Total                                                        335,334,373.42       372,833,833.95


            17.2.1 Dividends receivable
                 (1)     Details of dividends receivable


                                                                                   As at              As at
                                                                                June 30,       December 31,
                     Item (or investee)                                            2024               2023
                     Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                     8,587,470.76
                     Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                 9,180,000.00         9,180,000.00
                     Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                          750,000.00
                     Xinjiang Civil Aviation Cares Technology
                       Co., Ltd.                                           28,979,200.00        28,979,200.00
                     Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                  5,980,700.00         5,980,700.00
                     Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                                     56,000.00
                     Sub-total                                             44,139,900.00        53,533,370.76
                     Less: Provision for bad debts


                     Total                                                 44,139,900.00        53,533,370.76




210
                                                                                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2024



                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.2 Other receivables (Continued)
      17.2.2 Other receivables
           (1)   Disclosure by aging


                                                                                                                                                             As at                                    As at
                                                                                                                                                          June 30,                             December 31,
                  Aging                                                                                                                                      2024                                     2023
                  Within 1 year                                                                                                             159,654,387.92                                    144,046,571.11
                  Including: subitem within 1 year
                  Within 6 months                                                                                                           125,741,807.26                                  141,751,871.91
                  7–12 months                                                                                                                33,912,580.66                                    2,294,699.20
                  1–2 years                                                                                                                   5,564,639.59                                   29,009,591.76
                  2–3 years                                                                                                                   1,539,920.29                                   10,216,653.16
                  3–4 years                                                                                                                   1,185,897.67                                    2,978,895.51
                  4–5 years                                                                                                                     752,256.74                                   26,639,562.18
                  Over 5 years                                                                                                              122,497,371.21                                  106,409,189.47
                  Sub-total                                                                                                                 291,194,473.42                                  319,300,463.19
                  Less: provision for bad debts


                  Total                                                                                                                     291,194,473.42                                  319,300,463.19


           (2)   Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category

                                                                                          As at June 30, 2024                                                                As at December 31, 2023
                                                                  Book balance                  Provision for bad debts                                  Book balance                Provision for bad debts
                                                                            Proportion                          Proportion of                                      Proportion                      Proportion of
                  Category                                      Amount             (%)             Amount provision (%)            Book value          Amount              (%)          Amount     provision (%)      Book value

                  Provision for bad debts accrued on an
                    individual basis
                  Provision for bad debts accrued on a
                    portfolio basis of credit risk
                    characteristics                       291,194,473.42         100.00                                         291,194,473.42   319,300,463.19         100.00                                     319,300,463.19


                  Total                                   291,194,473.42         100.00                                         291,194,473.42   319,300,463.19         100.00                                     319,300,463.19




                                                                                                                                                                                                                        211
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.2 Other receivables (Continued)
            17.2.2 Other receivables (Continued)
                  (2)   Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category (Continued)
                        Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis:

                        Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                   As at June 30, 2024
                                                                                    Provision for bad                Proportion of
                         Name                             Other receivables                     debts                provision (%)
                         Related parties                      92,792,574.06
                         Non-related parties                 198,401,899.36


                         Total                               291,194,473.42


                 (3)    Changes in the book balance of other receivables are as follows:


                                                               Phase 1              Phase 2               Phase 3
                                                                                                   Expected credit
                                                                                                    losses for the
                                                                            Expected credit        entire duration
                                                         Expected credit      losses for the   (credit impairment)
                                                      losses in the next entire duration (no        Balance as at
                         Book balance                        12 months credit impairment)                December               Total
                         Balance as at
                            December 31, 2023            319,300,463.19                                                319,300,463.19
                         Balance as at December
                            31, 2023 in the current
                            year
                         — Transfer to Phase 2
                         — Transfer to Phase 3
                         — Reversal from Phase 2
                         — Reversal from Phase 1
                         Increase in 2024                –28,105,989.77                                                –28,105,989.77
                         Derecognition in 2024
                         Other changes
                         Balance as at
                            June 30, 2024                291,194,473.42                                                291,194,473.42




212
                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2024



                           NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.2 Other receivables (Continued)
      17.2.2 Other receivables (Continued)
               (4)     Classification of other receivables by the nature of payment


                                                                                                           As at                    As at
                                                                                                        June 30,             December 31,
                        Nature                                                                             2024                     2023
                        Reserve funds                                                                483,457.76                   469,898.88
                        Insurance reserve funds of personnel
                          stationed abroad                                                       84,795,995.32               96,706,334.87
                        Advance payments                                                         43,282,751.96               62,672,073.11
                        Deposits, guarantees                                                      8,477,396.83                7,145,163.40
                        Others                                                                  154,154,871.55              152,306,992.93


                        Total                                                                   291,194,473.42              319,300,463.19


               (5)     Top five of other receivable as at June 30, 2024, presented by debtors
                       The sum amount of top five of other receivables presented by debtors is
                       RMB221,809,128.85, accounting for 76.18% of the balance of other receivables as at
                       June 30, 2024. The ending balance of the corresponding provision for bad debts is
                       RMB0.00.

  17.3 Long-term equity investments

                                                   As at June 30, 2024                                    As at December 31, 2023
                                                       Provision for                                             Provision for
       Item                        Book balance          impairment           Book value      Book balance        impairment           Book value
       Investment in
          subsidiary            2,071,579,476.08                         2,071,579,476.08   2,111,610,630.08                     2,111,610,630.08
       Investment in
          associates and
          joint ventures         635,480,616.88                           635,480,616.88     539,786,209.41                         539,786,209.41


       Total                    2,707,060,092.96                         2,707,060,092.96   2,651,396,839.49                     2,651,396,839.49




                                                                                                                                             213
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.3 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
            17.3.1 Investment in subsidiaries


                                                                                     Balance of                  Increase/decrease in 2024
                                                                                   provision for                                                                            Balance of
                                                                 Balance as at impairment as at                                                                           provision for
                                                                 December 31,     December 31,     Additional       Reduced Provision for               Balance as at impairment as at
             Investees                                                    2023             2023    investment     investment    impairment   Others     June 30, 2024    June 30, 2024

             Accounting Center of China Aviation                853,519,487.07                                                                         853,519,487.07
             Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd.       1,020,000.00                                                                          1,020,000.00
             Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.               10,205,095.00                                                                          10,205,095.00
             Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.               4,302,941.18                                                                          4,302,941.18
             Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                11,446,825.00                                                                          11,446,825.00
             Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares Information
                Technology Co., Ltd.                               4,998,000.00                                                                          4,998,000.00
             Yunnan Civil Aviation Cares Information Co.,
                Ltd                                              40,031,154.00                                  40,031,154.00
             Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                 1,020,000.00                                                                          1,020,000.00
             Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                1,020,000.00                                                                          1,020,000.00
             Infosky Information Technology Co., Ltd.           153,820,754.50                                                                         153,820,754.50
             Xinjiang Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co.,
                Ltd                                                1,530,000.00                                                                          1,530,000.00
             Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Limited             400,000,000.00                                                                         400,000,000.00
             Shanghai TravelSky Technology Limited                 4,000,000.00                                                                          4,000,000.00
             TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Property Co., Ltd.        10,000,000.00                                                                          10,000,000.00
             Inner Mongolia Civil Aviation Information
                Technology Co., Ltd.                               5,000,000.00                                                                          5,000,000.00
             Hunan TravelSky Technology Limited                  30,000,000.00                                                                          30,000,000.00
             Beijing TravelSky Travel Service Co., Ltd.          72,000,000.00                                                                          72,000,000.00
             Travelsky Yunzhi Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.     50,000,000.00                                                                          50,000,000.00
             Zhejiang Civil Aviation Information Technology
                Co., Ltd.                                        19,047,100.00                                                                          19,047,100.00
             Henan Civil Aviation Information Technology
                Co., Ltd.                                        10,000,000.00                                                                          10,000,000.00
             Beijing TravelSky Technology Limited                50,010,000.00                                                                          50,010,000.00
             Guangzhou Skyecho Information Technology
                Co., Ltd.                                          4,000,000.00                                                                          4,000,000.00
             TravelSky Digital Intelligence Technology
                (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                                5,000,000.00                                                                          5,000,000.00
             TravelSky Technology (Singapore) Limited           353,594,927.55                                                                         353,594,927.55
             TravelSky International Limited                     11,364,427.02                                                                          11,364,427.02
             TravelSky Technology (Europe) Limited                 4,679,918.76                                                                          4,679,918.76


             Total                                             2,111,610,630.08                                 40,031,154.00                         2,071,579,476.08




214
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Interim Report 2024



                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
                                                                                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.3 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
      17.3.2 Investments in associates and joint ventures

                                                                                                                                                     Increase/decrease in 2024
                                                                                 Balance of                                  Profit or loss on
                                                                               provision for                                     investments      Adjustment to                      Cash dividends
                                                             Balance as at impairment as at                                        recognized             other                           or profits                                     As at    Provision for
                                                             December 31,     December 31,         Additional        Reduced under the equity    comprehensive           Changes     declared to be    Provision for                  June 30, impairment as at
            Investees                                                2023              2023       investment      investment           method           income     in other equity      distributed     impairment      Others           2024 June 30, 2024

            1. Joint ventures
               Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co.,
                    Ltd.                                      22,726,937.99                                                       1,915,487.92                                                                                    24,642,425.91
               Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC           28,655,181.25                                                         567,391.55                                                                                    29,222,572.80
               Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.      14,531,132.69                                                       1,398,166.77                                                                                    15,929,299.46
               Shanghai Dongmei Online Travel Agency
                    Co., Ltd.                                     12,966.80                                                         –12,966.80
               Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and
                    Technology Co., Ltd.                      20,397,570.68                                                      –6,338,111.89                                                                                    14,059,458.79
               Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                                      112,973,157.18                       212,916.04                                                                                   113,186,073.22
            Sub-total                                         86,323,789.41                    112,973,157.18                    –2,257,116.41                                                                                   197,039,830.18
            2. Associates
               Beijing TravelSky Borun Technology Co.,
                    Ltd.                                      54,619,338.39                                                       2,473,923.96                                                                                    57,093,262.35
               TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited                                                                              –23,892,334.70                      48,777,268.21                                                 24,884,933.51
               Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares
                    System Integration Co., Ltd.              94,586,238.86                                                      –2,515,394.75                                                                                    92,070,844.11
               Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares
                    Co., Ltd.                                150,363,265.30                                                       4,307,550.52                                                                                   154,670,815.82
               Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares
                    Co., Ltd.                                 87,975,470.75                                                       6,921,903.94                                                                                    94,897,374.69
               Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.     51,537,432.43                    –51,537,432.43
               Guangzhou Airport Hangyi Information
                    Technology Co., Ltd.                       7,138,082.86                                                         402,671.06                                                                                     7,540,753.92
               Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.      7,242,591.41                                                          40,210.89                                                                                     7,282,802.30
            Sub-total                                        453,462,420.00                    –51,537,432.43                   –12,261,469.08                      48,777,268.21                                                438,440,786.70


            Total                                            539,786,209.41                     61,435,724.75                   –14,518,585.49                      48,777,268.21                                                635,480,616.88




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     215
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2024
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.4 Operating revenue and operating costs

                                        For the six months ended                For the six months ended
                                              June 30, 2024                           June 30, 2023
             Item                         Revenue                Cost             Revenue                Cost
             Primary
               businesses          3,296,634,190.99   1,344,722,538.39      2,560,224,162.10    1,046,775,686.01
             Other businesses         16,705,112.37       4,121,820.66         16,542,500.73        4,166,004.66


             Total                 3,313,339,303.36   1,348,844,359.05      2,576,766,662.83    1,050,941,690.67


      17.5 Investment income

                                                                                   For the               For the
                                                                         six months ended      six months ended
             Item                                                            June 30, 2024         June 30, 2023
             Long-term equity investment income calculated under the
               cost method                                                    1,334,500.00
             Long-term equity investment income calculated under the
               equity method                                               –14,518,585.49           9,097,149.62
             Investment income from disposal of long-term equity
               investments                                                  21,404,570.75
             Income from held-for-trading financial assets during the
               holding period                                               29,540,454.50          36,951,477.65


             Total                                                          37,760,939.76          46,048,627.27


                                                                            TRAVELSKY TECHNOLOGY LIMITED

                                                                                                 August 28, 2024




216
                                                                                           Interim Report 2024




                                                       CORPORATE INFORMATION
                   (As of the latest practicable date September 9, 2024 before the issue date of this report)



BOARD
The seventh session of the Board of the Company established by election by shareholders on February 27,
2020 comprises:

Huang Rongshun                   Chairman, Executive Director and General Manager
Sun Yuquan                       Non-executive Director (appointed on January 25, 2024)
Qu Guangji                       Non-executive Director (appointed on January 25, 2024)
Xi Sheng                         Non-executive Director
Liu Zehong                       Independent Non-executive Director
Chan Wing Tak Kevin              Independent Non-executive Director
Xu Hongzhi                       Independent Non-executive Director

AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE (SUPERVISION COMMITTEE)
Chan Wing Tak Kevin              Chief Member (Chairman)
Liu Zehong                       Member
Xu Hongzhi                       Member

REMUNERATION AND EVALUATION COMMITTEE
Liu Zehong                       Chief Member (Chairman)
Chan Wing Tak Kevin              Member
Xu Hongzhi                       Member

NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Huang Rongshun                   Chief Member (Chairman)
Liu Zehong                       Member
Xu Hongzhi                       Member

STRATEGY AND INVESTMENT COMMITTEE (LEGAL COMPLIANCE
COMMITTEE)
Appointed by the seventh session of the Board of the Company on February 27, 2020 and comprises:

Huang Rongshun                   Chief Member (Chairman)
Liu Zehong                       Member
Sun Yuquan                       Member (appointed on January 25, 2024)
Qu Guangji                       Member (appointed on January 25, 2024)
Xi Sheng                         Member




                                                                                                         217
TravelSky Technology Limited



CORPORATE INFORMATION
(As of the latest practicable date September 9, 2024 before the issue date of this report)



DIRECTOR RESIGNED INCLUDING HIS RESPECTIVE DUTY IN
THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE
Zhao Xiaohang                     Non-executive Director (appointed on June 27, 2019, resigned on January
                                   25, 2024), Member of the Strategy Committee (appointed on June 27,
                                   2019, resigned on January 25, 2024)
Luo Laijun                        Non-executive Director (appointed on February 27, 2020, resigned on
                                   January 25, 2024), Member of the Strategy Committee (appointed on
                                   February 27, 2020, resigned on January 25, 2024)

SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
The seventh session of the Supervisory Committee established by election by shareholders on February 27,
2020 (except for the staff representative supervisors) comprises:

Zhang Xin                         Staff Representative Supervisor (appointed by the staff representative
                                    meeting of the Company on January 17, 2024)
Yang Jun                          Supervisor
Bai Bin                           Supervisor

SUPERVISOR RESIGNED
Liang Shuang                      Staff Representative Supervisor (appointed by the staff representative
                                    meeting of the Company on January 9, 2020, resigned on January 17,
                                    2024)

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Huang Rongshun                    General manager, Chairman, Executive Director
Li Jinsong                        Vice General Manager, Chief Financial Officer (Chief Accountant)
Yuan Leifeng                      Vice General Manager
Liang Haifeng                     Vice General Manager
Yu Xiaochun                       Company Secretary (Secretary to the Board)

SENIOR MANAGEMENT RESIGNED
Wang Jinping                      Vice General Manager (appointed on August 27, 2020, resigned on January
                                    31, 2024)

REGISTERED ADDRESS
7 Yu Min Da Street, Houshayu Town, Shunyi District
Beijing 101308, PRC




218
                                                                                            Interim Report 2024



                                                                                   CORPORATE INFORMATION
                    (As of the latest practicable date September 9, 2024 before the issue date of this report)



PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Room 3606, 36/F, China Resources Building
26 Harbour Road, Wanchai
Hong Kong


PLACE OF LISTING
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Stock Code: 00696


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Hong Kong Registrars Limited
Shops 1712–1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong


DEPOSITARY OF SPONSORED LEVEL I AMERICAN DEPOSITARY RECEIPT
PROGRAMME
The Bank of New York Mellon

Shareholder correspondence:
BNY Mellon Shareowner Services
P.O. Box 43006
Providence RI 02940–3078

Overnight Correspondence:
BNY Mellon Shareowner Services
150 Royall St., Suite 101
Canton, MA 02021
Tel. +1 888–269–2377 (toll-free number in the U.S.)
Tel. +1 201 680 6825 (international)
www.mybnymdr.com


AUDITOR
BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP
Room 1410, Fanli Building,
No. 22 Chaoyangmenwai Street,
Chaoyang District, Beijing 100020,
PRC

According to the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance (Cap 588) of Hong Kong effective on October 1, 2019,
BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP engaged by the Company is a recognised PRC
auditor.




                                                                                                          219
TravelSky Technology Limited



CORPORATE INFORMATION
(As of the latest practicable date September 9, 2024 before the issue date of this report)



LEGAL ADVISERS
As to Hong Kong law:
DLA Piper Hong Kong 25/F,
Three Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place,
Central, Hong Kong

As to the PRC law:
ZHONGLUN W&D Law Firm
28/F, Tower 2, China Central Place, No. 79, Jianguo Road,
Chaoyang District, Beijing, China


PUBLIC RELATIONS CONSULTANT
Ever Bloom (HK) Communications Consultants Group Limited
10/F, 80 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
Tel: 852–3468 8100
Fax: 852–2111 1103
Email: travelsky.list@everbloom.com.cn


CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS
Board office
Postal address:     TravelSky High-Tech Industrial Park, Houshayu Town, Shunyi District, Beijing 101318, PRC
Telephone:          (8610) 5765 0696
Facsimile:          (8610) 5765 0695
Email:              ir@travelsky.com.cn
Website:            www.travelskyir.com

COMPANY’S WEBSITES
Website of consolidated information of the Company:
www.travelsky.cn

Website established in accordance with Rule 2.07C(6)(a) of the Listing Rules:
www.travelskyir.com

You may obtain the English and Chinese versions of the financial reports, announcements, circulars,
operation data and results presentation of the Company through this website.




220
Tel:        (8610) 5765 0696




                                                                    Interim Report 2024
Fax:        (8610) 5765 0695
Email:      ir@travelsky.com.cn   (Contact details for investors)

Address:    TravelSky High-Tech Industrial Park, Houshayu Town,
            Shunyi District, Beijing, PRC
Postal Code: 101318
Website:    www.travelskyir.com
