                                                                                                2025
                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT




Tel:        (8610) 5765 0696




                                                                      Interim Report 2025
Fax:        (8610) 5765 0695
Email:      ir@travelsky.com.cn     (Contact details for investors)

Address:    TravelSky High-Tech Industrial Park, Houshayu Town,
            Shunyi District, Beijing, PRC
Postal Code: 101318
Website:    www.travelskyir.com
CONTENTS

Business Review for the First Half of 2025                     2

Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
  and Results of Operations                                    6

Prospects for the Second Half of 2025                         16

Other Information                                             17

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                  25

Statement of Financial Position of the Parent Company         29

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
  Other Comprehensive Income                                  33

Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
  of the Parent Company                                       36

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                          38

Statement of Cash Flows of the Parent Company                 41

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity     43

Statement of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity
  of the Parent Company                                       45

Notes to Financial Statements for the six months ended
  June 30, 2025                                               47

Corporate Information                                        209
TravelSky Technology Limited




BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2025

The board of directors (the “Board”) of TravelSky Technology Limited (the “Company”) hereby presents the
unaudited interim report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the six months ended June 30,
2025.

In the first half of 2025, the global economic growth slowed, while China’s economy maintained steady
growth. The tourism market continued to thrive, and the scale of transportation in the civil aviation market
recorded a new high in history, with scale of domestic and international air passenger traffic surpassing the
level of the same period in 2019. As the dominant provider of information technology solutions for China’s
aviation and travel industry, the Group grasped the opportunities in the industry, and through continuously
enhancing safety support, improving technological innovation capabilities, stabilizing business operations, and
invigorating corporate reforms. Certain progress has been made in the main business sectors including
aviation information technology services, accounting, settlement and clearing services, distribution of
information technology services, airport information technology services, and other information technology
services.

In the first half of 2025, the Group’s system processing capacity of the electronic travel distribution (“ETD”)
system (including inventory control system (“ICS”) services and computer reservation system (“CRS”) services)
on domestic and overseas airlines was approximately 370.7 million passengers, representing an increase of
approximately 5.3% over the same period in 2024. Among them, the system processing capacity on airlines in
China increased by approximately 5.5% year-on-year; the system processing capacity on foreign and regional
airlines decreased by approximately 7.8% year-on-year. The number of foreign and regional commercial
airlines using the Group’s airport passenger processing system (“APP”) services, multi-host connecting
program services and self-developed Angel Cue platform connecting services increased to 213, with
approximately 5.616 million departure passengers processed in 64 airports. The Commonly Used Self-service
Check-in System (“CUSS”) independently developed by the Group pursuant to the International Air Transport
Association (“IATA”) standards was used in 240 major domestic and overseas airports, and the online
check-in service was applied to 360 domestic and overseas airports. Such products, together with the mobile
check-in products and the newly developed SMS check-in products, processed a total of approximately 239.6
million departure passengers.

In the first half of 2025, the Group steadily advanced the upgrade and transformation of retail solutions for
commercial airlines. The Travel Retail Platform (“TRP”) for airlines supported the customer-centred business
model of commercial airlines, having signed contracts with a cumulative total of 19 clients, and explored the
application of AI technologies in retail platforms. As a corporate data middle platform, Data Plus (“ADA”), as
a data integration platform solution, provided airlines with services that integrated data security access,
integration mining, and application scenario support into one. It has been deployed for 29 airlines, including
Hainan Airlines, Xiamen Airlines, and Shenzhen Airlines. Agreements were entered into in relation to the
Airlines Total Operation Management System (“ATOMS”) with six airlines, while implementation at 50 key
stations were completed, driving the digital transformation of airline operations.




2
                                                                                              Interim Report 2025



                                                                BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2025




In the first half of 2025, the Group was dedicated to consolidating and expanding the new market of the
accounting, settlement and clearing services, with a strong focus on the application of new technologies. The
third-generation passenger transportation revenue management platform that complies with the technical
standards of IATA New Distribution Capabilities (“NDC”) and ONE ORDER has been continuously optimized,
while being put into operation for airlines such as Kunming Airlines, Donghai Airlines, and Tibet Airlines,
supporting new business operation such as real-time settlement and order settlement. The International
Passenger Revenue Accounting (“IPRA”) system deepened integration with the System Applications and
Products (“SAP”) ecosystem, reinforcing its dominant position in settlement systems. We also advanced the
design and iterative development of a unified industry clearing platform in an orderly manner, successfully
connecting 11 airlines and adding cross-border RMB settlement functionality. In the first half of 2025, there
were approximately 628.4 million transactions processed with the Group’s accounting, settlement and
clearing system, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.7%. The amount of agency settlement for
passengers, cargo and mail transport, miscellaneous fees, and international and domestic clearing fees
exceeded RMB35.61 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.0%.

In the first half of 2025, the Group further enhanced its distribution capabilities, solidified distribution
channels, continuously optimized the business system, actively expanded into overseas markets, and
strengthened the integration capabilities for tourism resources. We continued to expand service markets, with
direct links and high-level networking to all Global Distribution Systems (“GDSs”) around the world and 137
foreign and regional commercial airlines, covering over 400 domestic and overseas cities. The distribution
network has reached 29 overseas countries and regions. We strengthened NDC capabilities, signing NDC
agreements with three additional airlines. Efforts to develop overseas markets included broadening overseas
channels and expanding authorization for foreign airlines. We also promoted the paperless reimbursement
ecosystem for e-tickets, completed the implementation of e-tickets for all market agents and actively
advanced corporate ticket usage.

In the first half of 2025, as a comprehensive smart airport solution provider, the Group actively participated
in the construction of smart airports. We contributed to the successful launch of projects such as Lanzhou
Airport T3 terminal and Xi’an Airport T5 terminal, while also signing and executing projects like the
departure system upgrades for Hohhot Airport and the West Terminal Area of Beijing Capital International
Airport. Tailoring comprehensive smart airport solutions for diverse clients, including large, medium and
small airports, we continued to explore ways to empower airport smart transformation through technology
and drive regional economic development through innovative services. In terms of smart airport products, we
have continued to deepen airport informatization. Our smart middleware platform was successfully awarded
projects such as Hohhot Airport, bringing its total adoption to 13 airports. The international transfer function
has been deployed at Shenzhen, Qingdao, and Guangzhou airports. The new-generation departure front-end
system (“DGUI”) was implemented and put into operation in 15 additional airports in the first half of the year.
The facial recognition-based smart travel platform has been rolled out to 45 airports, while the RFID-based
end-to-end luggage tracking system has been extended to over 70 airports. Building on the luggage tracking
system of Xinjiang Airport Group users, an additional 21 regional branch airports in Xinjiang were connected
to the luggage tracking system. Regarding front-end airport systems, our APP-based departure control
system dominates the domestic mid- to large-sized airport market. It also supports 182 overseas or regional
airports in assisting commercial airlines with passenger check-in, transfers, and interline services,
processing approximately 24 million departing passengers, accounting for about 96.63% of the overseas
return passenger volume handled by Chinese commercial airlines.



                                                                                                               3
TravelSky Technology Limited



BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2025




In the first half of 2025, the Group seized firmly the opportunities in the construction of digital China to
promote the deep integration of the digital economy and the real economy. In public information technology
services, we were devoted to the development in the field of digital infrastructure construction and expanded
cross-industry data center value-added service business. We signed new contracts for the data center server
room project of the Information Center, Civil Aviation Administration of China and the development service
project of Flight Inspection Center of CAAC. We focused on developing standardized data governance
solutions for external deployment, securing projects from China Forestry Group Corporation* (中國林業集團
有限公司) and Sinopharm Digital Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd., among others. In aviation cargo and logistics
information technology services, we promoted and upgraded products such as cargo terminal production
systems and cargo security inspection systems, signing four new clients, including Shandong Yantai Airport.
We successfully completed and launched the digital cargo terminal platform project for Air China Cargo Co.,
Ltd., covering six stations across five locations. In exploring innovative business scenarios, we developed the
civil aviation blockchain platform “Air Travel Chain” and related products, securing 18 new clients. Our digital
Renminbi payment application was implemented across multiple aviation scenarios, leading to a new trend of
integration between digital Renminbi and civil aviation e-commerce. The airport luggage omnidirectional
forklift intelligent robot completed the first set of intelligent robot research and development and production,
and was successfully implemented and put into operation at Qingdao Airport, the inaugural user.

In the first half of 2025, as the “central nervous system” for the healthy operation of China’s civil aviation
industry, the Group actively fulfilled its social responsibilities by comprehensively enhancing the stability of
core systems, intelligent operations and maintenance, and security capabilities. On one hand, we ensured the
stable operation of mainframe systems and major open platform systems, achieving an availability rate
exceeding 99.99%. We successfully safeguarded the secure operation of civil aviation passenger information
systems during critical periods, including the Spring Festival travel rush, the Asian Winter Games, the Two
Sessions (i.e., the National People’s Congress and the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference),
and the May Day holiday. On the other hand, we strengthened resource support by expanding data center
capacity and adding new leased server modules, laying a solid foundation for the Company’s sustained
high-speed development. Significant progress was made in network infrastructure, with the successful
completion of a 5G/SD-WAN-based cross-border network test for departure operations of domestic airlines at
Macau Airport, verifying technical feasibility and providing critical network access support for overseas
business expansion and security enhancement. Additionally, we advanced the self-service transformation,
significantly reducing traditional phone inquiries year-over-year. The TravelSky Online Service Platform
(“TOSP”) continued to be optimized and updated, further enhancing users’ self-service capabilities.




4
                                                                                            Interim Report 2025



                                                               BUSINESS REVIEW FOR THE FIRST HALF OF 2025




In the first half of 2025, the Group spearheaded independent innovation in critical technologies, supported by
major scientific projects and innovation platforms, steadily advancing in technological self-reliance and
driving industrial innovation through scientific breakthroughs. We focused on fostering strategic emerging
industries, leading research and application of AI technologies in civil aviation, and actively expanding into
the low-altitude economy sector. The Low-Altitude Economy Business Collaboration Platform secured its first
user, Shanghai New Sky Helicopter Co., Ltd., while the manned-unmanned aerial vehicle (“UAV”) cooperative
system was successfully deployed. Actively undertaking national scientific missions, the Group secured one
key project under the National Natural Science Foundation of China (“NSFC”)-Civil Aviation Joint Research
Fund, won three scientific awards at various levels, and obtained 40 patents, including 25 invention patents.
For the 19th consecutive year, we were recognized as a National Key Software Enterprise. Dedicated to
building green practice benchmarks, the Group connected the Houshayu Park rooftop photovoltaic project to
the grid, marking its first renewable energy utilization breakthrough in Beijing. Additionally, the “Green and
Intelligent Data Center Operation Practice” was included in the National Development and Reform
Commission’s List of Energy-Saving Technologies and Practices to be Recommended for International ‘Top
Ten’ Recognition (《中國擬推薦參與國際「雙十佳」評選的節能技術和節能實踐清單》).




                                                                                                             5
TravelSky Technology Limited




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2025
Summary
The management’s discussion and analysis on the financial conditions and results of operations of the Group
are as follows:

For the first half of 2025, the Group achieved total profits of RMB1,677.9 million, representing an increase of
approximately 4.5% compared to RMB1,605.7 million in the first half of 2024. Net profit attributable to
shareholders of the parent of the Company was RMB1,447.7 million, representing an increase of
approximately 5.9% compared to RMB1,367.2 million in the first half of 2024.

As stated in the announcement of the Company dated August 8, 2025, the profit of the Group achieves year-
on-year growth, mainly attributable to stable year-on-year growth in aviation information technology service
revenue and further improvement in the collection situation of the Company.

The revenue and operating results of the Group mainly came from the Group’s operations in China. The
earnings per share of the Group were RMB0.49 for the first half of 2025.

Total Revenue
The total revenue of the Group in the first half of 2025 amounted to RMB3,894.5 million, representing a
decrease of RMB147.3 million, or 3.6%, from RMB4,041.8 million in the first half of 2024. The decrease in
total revenue is reflected as follows:

•     Aviation information technology service revenue represented 59.4% of the Group’s total revenue in the
      first half of 2025, as compared to 56.0% in the first half of 2024. Aviation information technology service
      revenue increased by 2.1% from RMB2,265.0 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB2,313.4 million in
      the first half of 2025. The main sources of the revenue were ICS, CRS and APP provided by the Group
      to commercial airlines, as well as extended information technology services related to the above core
      businesses. The increase in revenue was primarily due to the 5.3% year-on-year increase of total
      system processing capacity, whereas foreign and regional airline processing capacity decreased slightly
      year-on-year.

•     Accounting, settlement and clearing services revenue accounted for 8.0% of the Group’s total revenue in
      the first half of 2025, as compared to 6.9% in the first half of 2024. Accounting, settlement and clearing
      services revenue increased by 12.4% from RMB278.0 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB312.5
      million in the first half of 2025. The main sources of the revenue were accounting, settlement and
      clearing services provided by the Group to third parties including commercial airlines, airports,
      agencies and government bodies, etc. The increase in revenue was primarily due to the year-on-year
      increase in accounting, settlement and clearing business volume.




6
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
Total Revenue (Continued)
•   System integration service revenue accounted for 10.7% of the Group’s total revenue in the first half of
    2025, as compared to 16.8% in the first half of 2024. System integration service revenue decreased by
    38.5% from RMB679.8 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB418.4 million in the first half of 2025. The
    main sources of the revenue were hardware integration, software integration and data and information
    integration services provided by the Group to airports, commercial airlines and other institutional
    clients. The decrease in revenue was primarily due to the impact of project construction progress.

•   Data network revenue accounted for 4.9% of the Group’s total revenue in the first half of 2025, as
    compared to 5.4% in the first half of 2024. Data network revenue decreased by 12.4% from RMB216.4
    million in the first half of 2024 to RMB189.5 million in the first half of 2025. The main source of the
    revenue was distribution information technology services provided by the Group to agencies. The
    decrease in revenue was mainly due to the fluctuations in the usage volume of some users in the same
    period of the previous year, resulted in slightly higher revenue base for the same period last year.

•   Technical support and product revenue accounted for 9.9% of the Group’s total revenue in the first half
    of 2025, as compared to 7.3% in the first half of 2024. Technical support and product revenue
    increased by 30.4% from RMB295.3 million in the first half of 2024 to RMB385.0 million in the first half
    of 2025. This revenue was derived from the products and technical services provided by the Group to
    airlines, airports, agents and non-industry customers. The increase of the revenue was mainly due to
    the increase in customers’ IT service demand and product expansion.

•   Other revenue accounted for 7.1% of the Group’s total revenue in the first half of 2025, as compared to
    7.6% in the first half of 2024. Other revenue decreased by 10.2% from RMB307.2 million in the first half
    of 2024 to RMB275.7 million in the first half of 2025. The sources of the revenue were payment
    services, machine room tenancy, data services, logistics business and other services provided by the
    Group. The decrease in revenue was mainly due to the year-on-year decrease in payment service
    revenue as a result of the decrease in online payment transaction volume.




                                                                                                           7
TravelSky Technology Limited



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
Total Operating Expenses
Total operating expenses in the first half of 2025 amounted to RMB2,427.9 million, representing a decrease
of RMB107.4 million or 4.2% as compared to RMB2,535.3 million in the first half of 2024. The changes in
total operating expenses are also reflected as follows:

•     Staff costs increased by 3.2%, mainly due to the year-on-year increase in employee salaries of the Group
      and “5 Insurances and 2 Pensions (五險二金)”;

•     Depreciation and amortisation decreased by 17.6%, mainly due to the completion of depreciation and
      amortisation of certain fixed assets and intangible assets of the Group;

•     Cost of integrated business sales decreased by 52.1%, mainly due to progress of the system integrated
      project construction;

•     Technical support and maintenance fees decreased by 0.2%, mainly due to the commencement and
      implementation progress of certain research and development projects; and

•     Departure and distribution support fees increased by 1.3%, mainly due to the combined impact of the
      increase in business volume related to departure service guarantee fees, foreign airline booking
      rewards for agents, and their corresponding progress of reconciliation confirmation.

Credit Impairment Losses
The credit impairment losses in the first half of 2025 amounted to RMB–176.5 million, mainly due to the
decrease in the balance of provision for bad debts of accounts receivable compared to the end of 2024 as a
result of further improvements in the repayment situation of certain customers.




8
                                                                                              Interim Report 2025



         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
Corporate Income Tax
Under the Corporate Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (“CIT Law”), in general, the applicable
income tax rate of enterprises in China is 25%. Pursuant to relevant requirements, enterprises recognized as
“High and New Technology Enterprise” are entitled to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15%
according to the CIT Law. The Company was approved and certified by relevant authorities as a “High and
New Technology Enterprise” since its establishment and was reviewed to maintain its qualification as a “High
and New Technology Enterprise” in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements. The latest review was
completed in November 2023 and the Company maintained its qualification as a “High and New Technology
Enterprise” and was confirmed to be entitled to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% from Year
2023 to Year 2025 as a “High and New Technology Enterprise”. Therefore, the Company has calculated the
expenses on corporate income tax for the first half of 2025 using the preferential tax rate of 15%.

In addition to the entitlement to a preferential income tax rate of 15% as a “High and New Technology
Enterprise”, if an enterprise is certified by relevant regulatory authorities as a “Key Software Enterprise”, it
can further enjoy a preferential tax rate of 10%. According to the relevant provisions, the difference between
the tax amount paid at the rate of 15% and the tax amount calculated at the preferential corporate income
tax rate of 10% will be refunded to relevant enterprises after the relevant period, and will be reflected in the
profit or loss account of the enterprises when it is refunded. The Company has been consecutively certified
as a “Key Software Enterprise” from Year 2006 to Year 2024.

For details of the corporate income tax of the Group for the first half of 2025, please refer to Note 4 to the
financial statements.

Net Profit Attributable to Shareholders of the Parent of the Company
Net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent of the Company increased from RMB1,367.2 million in
the first half of 2024 to RMB1,447.7 million in the first half of 2025, representing an increase of RMB80.4
million.




                                                                                                               9
TravelSky Technology Limited



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
Liquidity and Capital Structure
The Group’s working capital in the first half of 2025 mainly came from operating activities. Net cash inflow
from operating activities amounted to RMB1,314.8 million.

As at June 30, 2025, the Group had a total of RMB1,396.1 million of borrowings, including short-term bank
borrowing of RMB924.6 million and entrusted loans of RMB471.5 million, of which the fixed rate borrowings
principal totaled RMB521.2 million. The Group did not use any financial instruments for hedging purpose.

As at June 30, 2025, cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB6,621.2 million, of which
95.3%, 3.2% and 0.2% were denominated in RMB, USD and EUR, respectively.

Restricted Bank Deposits
As at June 30, 2025, restricted bank deposits amounted to RMB1,821.6 million, of which RMB1,794.3 million
were customer provisions (as at December 31, 2024: restricted bank deposits amounted to RMB1,490.4
million, of which RMB1,449.1 million were customer provisions) which primarily comprised the deposits
placed at designated bank accounts as guarantee deposits to secure, amongst others, the settlement of
related business, and the customer provisions deposited with the People’s Bank of China by the Company’s
subsidiary, Beijing Yake Payment Technology Co., Ltd.

Trust Deposits and Irrecoverable Overdue Time Deposits
As at June 30, 2025, the Group did not have any trust deposits and irrecoverable overdue time deposits. Cash
deposits held by the Group are mainly deposited at commercial banks and complied with applicable laws and
regulations.

Foreign Exchange Risks
The Group’s foreign exchange risk arises from commercial transactions and assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies. Fluctuation of the exchange rates of Renminbi against foreign currencies
could affect the Group’s operational results.




10
                                                                                                                    Interim Report 2025



          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
Financial Assets Invested
With regard to capital management, based on the principles of prudence and soundness, the Group generally
chooses principal-protected wealth management products with interest rates higher than those of bank
deposits for the same period, so that the Group can maximize its capital gains.

In the first half of 2025, the Group had the following major financial assets:

(1)   Trading Financial Assets
      As at June 30, 2025, the Group held structural bank deposits (with floating returns) issued by Bank of
      Beijing, Industrial Bank, Ping An Bank, China Everbright Bank, Industrial and Commercial Bank of
      China and China Construction Bank of RMB: 1,100 million, 1,100 million, 1,100 million, 1,100 million,
      1,000 million and 600 million, totaling RMB6,000 million. The annual interest rate of such structural
      bank deposits varied from 0.45% to 2.30%, with a term of 92 days to 186 days, and were non-
      cancellable before maturity.

(2)   Financial Assets at Amortised Cost
      As at June 30, 2025, the Group held certificates of deposit for more than three months issued by China
      Construction Bank, Minsheng Bank, Bank of Communications and Ping An Bank of RMB: 500 million,
      90 million, 60 million and 20 million, totaling RMB670 million. The annual interest rate of such bank
      deposits varied from 1.75% to 3.10% with a term of 365 to 1,097 days. Among them, the fixed-term
      certificates of deposit issued by China Construction Bank amounted to RMB500 million and were non-
      cancellable before maturity. The national debt reverse repurchase products amounted to RMB1,000
      million, with an annualised interest rate of 1.66% and a term of 28 days, and were non-cancellable
      before maturity.

(3)   Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income
                                                       Percentage of   Percentage of
                                                       shareholding    Shareholding    Fair value      Fair value      Gain            Gain
                                                               as at           as at        as at           as at      as of          as of
                                      Business              June 30,   December 31,     June 30,    December 31,    June 30,   December 31,
       Name of investment             nature                   2025            2024         2025            2024       2025            2024
                                                                  %               %     RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000

       Unlisted equity, measured      Life insurance           13.26           13.26   1,043,827        1,004,312    39,515         173,839
          at fair value — CMRH Life




                                                                                                                                         11
TravelSky Technology Limited



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
Financial Assets Invested (Continued)
(3)   Financial Assets at Fair Value through Other Comprehensive Income (Continued)
      The performance and prospects of the financial assets “CMRH Life” during the period were as follows:

      a.   Name of the company:                   China Merchants RenHe Life Insurance Company Limited
                                                  (“CMRH Life”)

      b.   Business scope:                        General insurance (including life insurance and annuity
                                                  insurance), health insurance, accident injury insurance,
                                                  bonus insurance, omnipotent insurance, reinsurance of all of
                                                  the above insurance businesses, the application of the
                                                  insurance funds allowed by the State laws and regulations,
                                                  and other businesses approved by former Banking and
                                                  Insurance Regulatory Commission.

      c.   Investment cost of the Company:        RMB875.0 million.

      d.   The percentage of the shareholding     13.26%.
           held by the Company:

      e.   The fair value and the scale relative to the total assets of the Group:

           As at June 30, 2025, the Group invested a fair value of approximately RMB1,043.8 million in CMRH
           Life, accounting for 3.3% of the total assets of the Group.

      f.   The performance in the first half of 2025:

           According to the information provided by CMRH Life to the Company, it recorded a profit of
           RMB173.33 million in the first half of 2025. The main reason is that CMRH Life has continuously
           transformed its product mix, reduced liability costs, seized opportunities in the capital market to
           obtain excess investment returns, and actively responded to the impact of downward interest rates
           to achieve ongoing profits.

      g.   Strategies of future investments and the prospects of such investments:

           According to the information provided by CMRH Life to the Company, with the acceleration of
           population aging, a notable enhancement in public health awareness, as well as the dual impetus
           from policy incentives and technological empowerment, CMRH Life, as an insurance company
           controlled by a central state-owned enterprise, will adhere to the development laws of the financial
           insurance industry and the principle of “insurance-oriented”, following a path of market-oriented,
           professional, and differentiated innovation-driven development. Focusing on the transformation goal
           of “striving to build a digital ecosystem platform for risk management, health management and
           wealth management, the preferred choice for central and state-owned enterprises and employees’
           families”, CMRH Life will continuously and thoroughly advance three major strategies: the central
           and state-owned enterprise strategy, the health strategy, and the family account strategy. By firmly
           pursuing product transformation, strengthening the linkage between assets and liabilities,
           continuously reducing costs and enhancing efficiency, and effectively addressing the challenges
           posed by a low-interest-rate environment, CMRH Life has achieved profitability for two consecutive
           years on its new journey of re-entrepreneurship, with the results of its reforms becoming
           increasingly evident.


12
                                                                                           Interim Report 2025



         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
Financial Assets Invested (Continued)
(4)   Financial Assets at Fair Value through Profit or Loss
      China Mobile Equity Fund
      As stated in the announcement of the Company dated April 16, 2020, the Company entered into the
      limited partnership agreement (the “Agreement”) in relation to the formation of China Mobile Equity
      Fund (Hebei Xiong’an) Partnership (Limited Partnership)* (中移股權基金（河北雄安）合夥企業（有限合夥）)
      (“China Mobile Equity Fund”) with China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd.* (中移資本控股有限責任公司),
      other investors (together with the Company and China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd.* (中移資本控股
      有限責任公司), as the limited partners) and China Mobile Fund Co., Ltd.* (中移股權基金管理有限公司)
      (as the general partner), pursuant to which, the Company agreed to contribute RMB1 billion in cash to
      China Mobile Equity Fund during the term of the Agreement. China Mobile Equity Fund will mainly
      invest in the enterprises related to 5G industry application and information communication industry
      chain, ecosystem and empowerment industry.

      As at June 30, 2025, the Company has actually contributed (including the fund management fee)
      RMB852.2 million pursuant to the Agreement. Please refer to Note 14.1 to the consolidated financial
      statements for details.

Charge on Assets
As at June 30, 2025, the Group had no charge on its assets.

Contingent Liabilities
As at June 30, 2025, the Group had no material contingent liabilities.

Gearing Ratio
As at June 30, 2025, the gearing ratio of the Group was 26.3% (as at December 31, 2024: 22.9%), which was
computed by dividing the total liabilities by the total assets of the Group as at June 30, 2025.

Advancement of Data Resource Assetization within the Company
According to the Ministry of Finance’s Interim Provisions on Accounting Treatment Related to Data
Resources of Enterprises (Caikuai [2023] No. 11), starting from January 1, 2024, enterprises should recognize
data resources that meet the confirmation conditions as intangible assets or inventory, based on the purpose
of holding the data resources, the method of formation, the business model, and the expected manner of
economic benefit consumption related to the data resources.

For the period ended June 30, 2025, the Group did not recognise any new data resources as intangible
assets. As at June 30, 2025, the Group reported “Intangible assets — Including: Data resources” of RMB20.2
million in financial statements.




                                                                                                           13
TravelSky Technology Limited



MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
Major Investment or Financing Plan
As at June 30, 2025, the Group had no major acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint
ventures, nor any major investment or plan to acquire significant capital assets. The Board estimates that
the sources of funding of the Group in 2025 will be sufficient for the funding needs of daily operations and
the Group does not have any major financing plan.

The total capital expenditure of the Group amounted to RMB133.8 million for the first half of 2025 (the first
half of 2024: RMB141.5 million), mainly used in the Company’s daily operation and existing system upgrade,
maintenance, and others. As at June 30, 2025, the Group’s capital expenditure commitment amounted to
approximately RMB1,518.7 million, which will be mainly used in the Company’s daily operation, maintenance,
research and development and upgrading of computer system, China Mobile Equity Fund (an unlisted
investment fund), etc. The sources of funding for such commitments will include existing cash at hand and
internal cash flows generated from operating activities of the Group.

Additionally, as described in the 2024 Annual Report of the Company, the Company planned to commence the
first stage of the construction of Beijing Shunyi Park Phase II around the end of 2025, with actual related
expenses of approximately RMB3.0 million in the first half of 2025.

Employees
The Group has different remuneration standards for different employees (including executive directors and
employee supervisors), based on their performance, experience, position and other factors in compliance with
the relevant PRC laws and regulations, as amended from time to time. The remuneration of the employees of
the Group includes salaries, bonuses and social insurance benefits provided in compliance with relevant
regulations of the PRC, as amended from time to time, such as medical insurance, pension, unemployment
insurance, maternity insurance and housing funds. The Group also provides its employees with opportunities
to receive training in areas such as the aviation and travel industry, computer information technology and
business administration education, and provides training on the latest development in areas such as
computer information technology, soft skills, laws, regulations and economics. In 2007, the Group
implemented a corporate annuity scheme (or supplementary pension plan) in accordance with relevant
policies of the PRC. According to the corporate annuity scheme, the Group is required to make provision for
monthly corporate annuity fees based on the total actual salary each month in the previous year and the
ratio approved by the relevant authorities of the PRC. It also needs to deposit the annuities in the custody
account of corporate annuity fund opened by its custodian.

As at June 30, 2025, the total number of employees of the Group was 6,740. Staff costs of the Group
amounted to approximately RMB968.2 million for the first half of 2025, representing approximately 39.9% of
the total operating expenses of the Group for the first half of 2025, among which, the aggregate corporate
annuity expenses of the Group amounted to approximately RMB47.3 million for the first half of 2025 (the first
half of 2024: RMB40.9 million).




14
                                                                                            Interim Report 2025



        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS




FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE FIRST
HALF OF 2025 (CONTINUED)
Subsequent Events
From July to August 2025, the Company received a total of RMB89.7 million in tax rebates as a Key Software
Enterprise. In addition to the above, as at the date of this report, the Group had no significant events since
June 30, 2025 which need to be disclosed.




                                                                                                            15
TravelSky Technology Limited




PROSPECTS FOR THE SECOND HALF OF 2025

In the second half of 2025, the global economic situation remains complex, with significantly increased
instability and uncertainties. China’s economy demonstrates strong resilience, with a steady and positive
recovery. Against the dual backdrop of a slowing global economy and China’s stable economic development,
opportunities and challenges are intertwined in the aviation industry. The Group always adheres to the
strategic approach of pursuing progress with stability and promoting stability through progress. Responding
to a complex and ever-changing market environment, we continue to focus on high-quality development,
strengthen technological innovation, explore the industry leadership potential, and solidify the foundation of
safety support, steadfastly advancing toward the goal of becoming a world-class enterprise. In the second
half, we will intensify efforts in the following key areas: continuously increasing the level of aviation safety,
building a robust safety foundation, creating a high-quality safety barrier, and maintaining the Company’s
stable safety performance; accelerating the layout of strategic emerging industries, enhancing
innovation-driven development, speeding up the implementation of innovative achievements, and boosting core
competitiveness; fostering and expanding new productive forces, consolidating the advantages of our main
business, increasing product market coverage, and solidifying our leading position in the industry; improving
the effectiveness of reform and development, summarizing reform experiences, deepening brand leadership,
and strengthening corporate governance efficiency.




16
                                                                                              Interim Report 2025




                                                                    OTHER INFORMATION


INTERIM DIVIDEND
The Board recommends the Company not to pay an interim dividend for the first half of 2025.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF SECURITIES
In the first half of 2025, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed
any of its listed securities (including sale of treasury shares as defined under the Rules Governing the Listing
of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”). As at June 30, 2025, the
Company did not hold any such treasury shares.


AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION
The Company amended the Articles of Association upon the approval at the extraordinary general meeting of
the Company held on January 23, 2025. The Articles of Association and details of its amendments are
available on the websites of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) and the
Company’s compliance website.

As stated in the announcement of the Company dated August 21, 2025, in compliance with the requirements
of the Company Law and domestic and overseas regulatory requirements, and taking into account the actual
circumstances of the Company, the Board of the Company proposes to amend the Articles of Association and
no longer have a Supervisory Committee or Supervisors. The Audit and Risk Management Committee
(Supervisory Committee) under the Board will be renamed as the Audit Committee and will exercise the
powers and functions of the Supervisory Committee as stipulated in the Company Law. Correspondingly, the
Working Rules of the Supervisory Committee will be abolished. All current Supervisors of the Company will
be deemed to have resigned and become effective upon completion of the amendments to the Articles of
Association. Proposed amendments to the Articles of Association and abolishment of the Supervisory
Committee will take effect upon approval of Shareholders at the Shareholders’ meeting.


SHARE CAPITAL STRUCTURE
The issued share capital of the Company as at June 30, 2025 amounted to 2,926,209,589 shares, with a par
value of RMB1.00 each. As at June 30, 2025, the share capital structure of the Company is as follows:

                                                                                           Percentage to the
                                                                                             total number of
 Class of shares                                                      Number of shares        shares in issue
                                                                                                          (%)
 Domestic shares                                                           1,993,647,589                 68.13
 H shares                                                                    932,562,000                 31.87


 Total                                                                     2,926,209,589                100.00




                                                                                                              17
TravelSky Technology Limited



OTHER INFORMATION




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES OF THE COMPANY
As at June 30, 2025, the interests and short positions of any persons (other than directors, supervisors or
chief executives of the Company) in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the
register required to be kept under Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the
Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”) are as follows:

                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                               percentage of Approximate
                                                                                                                   respective percentage of
                                                                                                               class of share   total share
 Name of shareholder                   Class and number of securities                 Capacity                         capital       capital
                                       (Note 2)                                                                      (Note 3)      (Note 3)
 China TravelSky Holding Company       864,836,589 domestic shares of RMB1 each (L)   Beneficial owner               43.38%          29.55%
   Limited

 China National Aviation Holding       260,690,500 domestic shares of RMB1 each (L)   Beneficial owner               13.08%           8.91%
   Corporation Limited
                                       18,720,000 domestic shares of RMB1 each (L)    Interest of controlled          0.94%           0.64%
                                          (Note 4)                                       corporation

                                       13,045,500 domestic shares of RMB1 each (L)    Interest of controlled          0.65%           0.45%
                                          (Note 5)                                       corporation

 China Mobile Communications Group 292,100,000 domestic shares of RMB1 each (L)       Interest of controlled         14.65%           9.98%
   Co., Ltd.                          (Note 6)                                           corporation

 China Southern Air Holding Co., Ltd. 202,781,500 domestic shares of RMB1 each (L)    Beneficial owner               10.17%           6.93%

                                       65,773,500 domestic shares of RMB1 each (L)    Interest of controlled          3.30%           2.25%
                                          (Note 7)                                       corporation

 China Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd.   182,743,500 domestic shares of RMB1 each (L)   Beneficial owner                9.17%           6.25%

                                       25,155,000 domestic shares of RMB1 each (L)    Interest of controlled          1.26%           0.86%
                                          (Note 8)                                       corporation

                                       3,900,000 domestic shares of RMB1 each (L)     Interest of controlled          0.20%           0.13%
                                          (Note 9)                                       corporation

 BlackRock, Inc.                       50,685,395 H shares of RMB1 each (L)           Interest of corporation         5.44%           1.73%
                                          (Note 10)                                      controlled by the
                                                                                         substantial
                                                                                         shareholder

                                       5,354,000 H shares of RMB1 each (S)            Interest of corporation         0.57%           0.18%
                                          (Note 10)                                      controlled by the
                                                                                         substantial
                                                                                         shareholder


18
                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                            OTHER INFORMATION




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
Notes:


(1)      Interests and short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company disclosed in this section are based on the
         reasonable enquiries made by the Company and the data published on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
         Limited (“HKEX”) (www.hkexnews.hk). For the latest disclosure of interests filings of the substantial shareholders of the
         Company’s H shares, please refer to the “Disclosure of Interests” section on the website of HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk).


(2)      (L) — Long position; (S) — Short position; (P) — Lending pool.


(3)      The percentage is calculated by the amount of shares held by relevant person/the total amount of relevant shares issued
         as at June 30, 2025. Percentage in total share capital is based on 2,926,209,589 shares of the total issued share capital of
         the Company as at June 30, 2025; percentage in respective class of share capital is based on 1,993,647,589 domestic
         shares and 932,562,000 H shares of the Company as at June 30, 2025.


(4)      These shares were held by Shenzhen Airlines Company Limited, a subsidiary of China National Aviation Holding Corporation
         Limited. China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited was deemed to be interested in the shares held by Shenzhen
         Airlines Company Limited pursuant to the SFO.


(5)      These shares were held by Shandong Airlines Company Limited, a subsidiary of China National Aviation Holding Corporation
         Limited. China National Aviation Holding Corporation Limited was deemed to be interested in the shares held by Shandong
         Airlines Company Limited pursuant to the SFO.


(6)      These shares were held by China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Mobile Communications Group Co.,
         Ltd. China Mobile Communications Group Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Mobile Capital
         Holding Co., Ltd. pursuant to the SFO, of which 145,500,000 domestic shares (S) (accounting for approximately 4.97% of the
         total share capital) are deemed to be held through China Mobile Capital Holding Co., Ltd. under the relevant agreements,
         based on the Disclosure Notice of the Interest of Corporate Substantial Shareholder filed by China Mobile Communications
         Group Co., Ltd. on February 6, 2024.

(7)      These shares were held by Xiamen Airlines Company Limited, a subsidiary of China Southern Air Holding Co., Ltd. China
         Southern Air Holding Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by Xiamen Airlines Company Limited
         pursuant to the SFO.


(8)      These shares were held by China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of China Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd. China Eastern
         Air Holding Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd. pursuant to the
         SFO.


(9)      These shares were held by China Eastern Airlines Wuhan Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of China Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd. China
         Eastern Air Holding Co., Ltd. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by China Eastern Airlines Wuhan Co. Ltd.
         pursuant to the SFO.




                                                                                                                                   19
TravelSky Technology Limited



OTHER INFORMATION




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING
SHARES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
Notes: (Continued)


(10)   Based on the Disclosure Notice of the Interest of Corporate Substantial Shareholder filed by BlackRock, Inc. on July 2, 2025,
       BlackRock, Inc. was deemed to be interested in 50,685,395 H shares (L) and 5,354,000 H shares (S). These shares were
       held by BlackRock Finance, Inc., Trident Merger, LLC, BlackRock Investment Management, LLC, BlackRock Holdco 2, Inc.,
       BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., BlackRock Holdco 4, LLC, BlackRock Holdco 6, LLC, BlackRock Delaware Holdings
       Inc., BlackRock Institutional Trust Company, National Association, BlackRock Fund Advisors, BlackRock Capital Holdings,
       Inc., BlackRock Advisors, LLC, BlackRock International Holdings, Inc., BR Jersey International Holdings L.P., BlackRock Lux
       Finco S.à r.l., BlackRock Japan Holdings GK, BlackRock Japan Co., Ltd., BlackRock Holdco 3, LLC, BlackRock Canada
       Holdings ULC, BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited, BlackRock Australia Holdco Pty. Ltd., BlackRock Investment
       Management (Australia) Limited, BlackRock (Singapore) Holdco Pte. Ltd., BlackRock HK Holdco Limited, BlackRock Asset
       Management North Asia Limited, BlackRock Cayman 1 LP, BlackRock Cayman West Bay Finco Limited, BlackRock Cayman
       West Bay IV Limited, BlackRock Group Limited, BlackRock Finance Europe Limited, BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V.,
       BlackRock Group Limited-Luxembourg Branch, BlackRock Luxembourg Holdco S.à r.l., BlackRock Investment Management
       Ireland Holdings Unlimited Company, BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited, BLACKROCK (Luxembourg) S.A.,
       BlackRock Investment Management (UK) Limited, BlackRock Fund Managers Limited, BlackRock (Singapore) Limited,
       BlackRock UK Holdco Limited, BlackRock Asset Management Schweiz AG, EG Holdings Blocker, LLC, Amethyst
       Intermediate, LLC, Aperio Holdings, LLC, Aperio Group, LLC, which were directly or indirectly controlled by BlackRock, Inc.
       BlackRock, Inc. was deemed to be interested in the shares held by such companies pursuant to the SFO.


Save as the above, to the best knowledge of the Company’s directors, as at June 30, 2025, no persons (other
than directors, supervisors or chief executive of the Company) had any interests or short positions in the
shares or underlying shares of the Company that are required to be recorded in the register maintained by
the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.




20
                                                                                           Interim Report 2025



                                                                                       OTHER INFORMATION




INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND
CHIEF EXECUTIVES IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND
DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ANY OTHER ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS
As at June 30, 2025, none of the directors, supervisors or chief executives of the Company had any interests
or short positions in the shares, underlying shares or debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) that are required to be recorded in the register kept
by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange by the directors, supervisors or chief executives pursuant to the Model Code (the “Model Code”) as
set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

None of the directors, supervisors or chief executives of the Company or their respective associates had been
granted or had exercised any rights to subscribe for the securities of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) for the six months ended June 30, 2025.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company is committed to establishing and maintaining high level of corporate governance, as well as
disclosing information to all market participants and regulatory authorities in a timely, accurate, complete
and reliable manner to enhance the transparency of the Company. The Company has adopted the code
provisions as stipulated in the “Corporate Governance Code” and “Corporate Governance Report” (the “Code
Provisions”) in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as the Company’s code of corporate governance.

The Company has deviated from the Code Provision C.2.1 “the roles of chairman and chief executives should
be separate and should not be performed by the same individual”. As stated in the Company’s announcement
dated May 2, 2022, Mr. Huang Rongshun, the chairman of the Company, has been appointed as the general
manager of the Company. At present, the chairman and general manager of the Company are performed by
the same individual, which is a transitional arrangement only. Considering that the Board constitutes a
sufficient number of independent non-executive directors, a temporary deviation from the Code Provision
would not prejudice the balanced distribution of power and authority between the Board and the
management of the Company.




                                                                                                           21
TravelSky Technology Limited



OTHER INFORMATION




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONTINUED)
The Company has deviated from the Code Provision B.2.2 “every director (including those appointed for a
specific term) shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years”. As stated in the
announcement of the Company dated February 27, 2023, the term of the seventh session of the Board
expired on February 26, 2023. Given that the nomination process of candidates for the directors of the new
session of the Board has not been completed, the re-election and appointment of members of the Board will
be postponed as appropriate, and the term of office of each committee of the seventh session of the Board
of the Company will be extended accordingly. The Company will endeavor to complete the re-election and
appointment of members of the Board as soon as possible, and fulfill respective information disclosure
obligations in a timely manner. All members of the seventh session of the Board of the Company will
continue to fulfill their respective duties and responsibilities of directors in accordance with the laws,
administrative regulations and the Articles of Association until the re-election work is completed. The normal
operation of the Company will not be affected by the postponement of re-election of the members of the
Board.

Except for the above deviations from Code Provision C.2.1 and B.2.2, the Company has fully complied with the
other Code Provisions in the first half of 2025.

For the six-month period ended June 30, 2025, the Company has adopted the Model Code set out in
Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules and standards required thereof as the model code and the standards for
conducting securities transactions by directors and supervisors of the Company. After making specific
enquiries to all directors and supervisors, the Company confirmed that all directors and supervisors have
acted in full compliance with Model Code and the standards regarding directors’ securities transactions
required thereof during the six-month period ended June 30, 2025.


AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE (SUPERVISORY
COMMITTEE)
The Audit and Risk Management Committee (Supervisory Committee) of the Company has discussed and
reviewed the unaudited interim results of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2025 with the
Company’s management, and has also discussed matters relating to internal control, risk management and
financial reporting.

As stated in the announcement of the Company dated August 21, 2025, The Board of the Company proposes
to amend the Articles of Association. The Audit and Risk Management Committee (Supervisory Committee)
under the Board will be renamed as the Audit Committee and will exercise the powers and functions of the
Supervisory Committee as stipulated in the Company Law. Amendments to the Articles of Association will
take effect upon approval of Shareholders at the Shareholders’ meeting.




22
                                                                                        Interim Report 2025



                                                                                    OTHER INFORMATION




CHANGE OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
AND CHANGE IN INFORMATION
Change of Directors
As stated in the announcements of the Company dated January 16, 2025 and January 23, 2025, employee
representative meeting of the Company elected to appoint Ms. Liang Shuang as the employee representative
director of the Company on January 16, 2025, which became effective upon the approval in respect of the
amendments to the Articles of Association at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on 23
January 2025.

As stated in the announcement of the Company dated June 12, 2025, Ms. He Xiaoqun was elected and
appointed as a non-executive director and member of the Strategy and Investment Committee (Legal
Compliance Committee) (“Strategy Committee”) of the seventh session of the Board at the annual general
meeting of the Company held on that day. At the same time, the shareholders’ meeting approved that Mr. Xi
Sheng shall no longer serve as a non-executive director and member of the Strategy Committee of the
Company.

Change of Supervisors
As stated in the announcement of the Company dated January 23, 2025, with the approval of the
extraordinary general meeting of the Company held on that day, Mr. Lyu Wei was appointed as the
shareholder representative supervisor of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company,
and Mr. Yang Jun will no longer serve as the shareholder representative supervisor of the Company.

Change of Senior Management
As stated in the announcement of the Company dated June 4, 2025, with the approval of the Board of the
Company, Mr. Du Xiaoming and Mr. Yu Bo were appointed as vice general managers of the Company.

As stated in the announcement of the Company dated January 20, 2025, Mr. Yuan Leifeng has ceased to
serve as a vice general manager of the Company because of his retirement.




                                                                                                        23
TravelSky Technology Limited



OTHER INFORMATION




CHANGE OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
AND CHANGE IN INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
Change in Information of Directors and Supervisors
Change in the information of directors or supervisors of the Company that is required to be disclosed
pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules since the publication of the Company’s 2024 annual report is
set out below:

Mr. Liu Zehong, an independent non-executive director, has ceased to serve as an external director of China
Datang Corporation Ltd. since May 2025. Mr. Liu has served as an external director of China Huaneng Group
Co., Ltd. since May 2025.

Ms. He Xiaoqun, a non-executive director, was granted a professional title of senior economist in June 2025.

                                                                                     By order of the Board
                                                                                       Huang Rongshun
                                                                                           Chairman

August 21, 2025




24
                                                                                         Interim Report 2025




    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                      As at June 30, 2025
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                          June 30,         December 31,
Assets                                                 Notes                 2025                 2024
Current assets:
  Cash and bank balances                                5.1        6,648,494,155.89     10,548,986,496.67
  Balances with clearing companies
  Loans to banks and other financial institutions
  Financial assets held for trading                     5.2        6,022,134,804.98      2,218,192,945.21
  Derivative financial assets
  Notes receivable                                      5.3          319,439,304.13        269,118,893.54
  Accounts receivable                                   5.4        5,331,220,854.35      4,959,275,042.63
  Receivables financing
  Advances to suppliers                                 5.5         339,770,403.66          72,999,193.03
  Premiums receivable
  Reinsurance accounts receivable
  Reinsurance contract reserves receivable
  Other receivables                                     5.6        2,759,112,559.95      2,100,223,581.75
  Financial assets purchased under resale
    agreements
  Inventories                                           5.7         107,955,941.50          81,686,792.62
  Including: Data resources
  Contract assets                                       5.8           74,627,355.61         44,000,852.27
  Assets held for sale
  Non-current assets maturing within one year           5.9          537,921,917.81
  Other current assets                                  5.10       1,243,749,914.82       203,727,383.98


Total current assets                                              23,384,427,212.70     20,498,211,181.70




                                                                                                         25
TravelSky Technology Limited



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                               As at               As at
                                                                            June 30,        December 31,
 Assets                                               Notes                    2025                2024
 Non-current assets:
  Disbursements of loans and advances
  Debt investments
  Other debt investments
  Long-term receivables
  Long-term equity investments                        5.11          910,918,304.20          899,875,105.43
  Investments in other equity instruments             5.12        1,043,827,200.00        1,004,312,400.00
  Other non-current financial assets                  5.13          996,866,936.75        1,017,411,627.32
  Investment properties                               5.14           80,531,538.34           84,971,063.92
  Fixed assets                                        5.15        2,719,000,106.08        2,784,164,532.52
  Construction in progress                            5.16           40,448,633.31           37,609,010.67
  Productive biological assets
  Oil and gas assets
  Right-of-use assets                                 5.17          299,938,636.89           43,889,847.06
  Intangible assets                                   5.18        1,790,836,062.26        2,004,840,572.58
  Including: Data resources                                          20,225,678.07           26,650,781.13
  Development expenditures                             6.2           92,811,219.10           49,791,772.44
  Including: Data resources
  Goodwill                                            5.19              260,400.76              260,400.76
  Long-term deferred expenses                         5.20           31,925,881.62           25,919,254.65
  Deferred tax assets                                 5.21          587,015,893.09          592,031,037.44
  Other non-current assets                            5.22          142,656,083.32          651,357,806.69


 Total non-current assets                                         8,737,036,895.72        9,196,434,431.48


 Total assets                                                    32,121,464,108.42       29,694,645,613.18


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun     Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing     Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




26
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                       As at June 30, 2025
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                              As at                As at
                                                                           June 30,         December 31,
Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                    Notes                 2025                 2024
Current liabilities:
  Short-term borrowings                                  5.24        924,560,664.59       1,203,300,592.42
  Borrowings from central bank
  Loans from banks and other financial
    institutions
  Financial liabilities held for trading
  Derivative financial liabilities
  Notes payable
  Accounts payable                                       5.25       2,209,279,686.34      2,187,400,166.94
  Advances from customers
  Contract liabilities                                   5.26        815,475,346.83        645,608,277.80
  Financial assets sold under repurchase
    agreements
  Absorption of deposits and interbank deposits
  Receiving from vicariously traded securities
  Receiving from vicariously sold securities
  Employee compensation payable                          5.27         262,133,661.79        290,568,224.21
  Taxes payable                                          5.28         112,771,164.90        181,366,693.57
  Other payables                                         5.29       3,221,688,720.11      1,951,988,472.80
  Handling charges and commissions payable
  Reinsurance accounts payable
  Liabilities held for sale
  Non-current liabilities maturing within one year       5.30        112,954,536.69        241,577,991.50
  Other current liabilities                              5.31         48,263,726.50         22,905,296.79


Total current liabilities                                           7,707,127,507.75      6,724,715,716.03




                                                                                                          27
TravelSky Technology Limited



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
As at June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                               As at               As at
                                                                            June 30,        December 31,
 Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                  Notes                   2025                2024
 Non-current liabilities:
  Reserves for insurance contracts
  Long-term borrowings                                 5.32          471,540,311.11
  Bonds payable
  Including: Preferred stock
             Perpetual bonds
  Lease liabilities                                    5.33          192,720,540.79           8,253,574.18
  Long-term payables                                   5.34              415,709.35             400,237.65
  Long-term employee compensation payable
  Provisions                                           5.35            1,157,503.76              20,000.00
  Deferred income                                      5.36              652,500.00             172,500.00
  Deferred tax liabilities                             5.21           71,457,169.43          64,097,885.48
  Other non-current liabilities


 Total non-current liabilities                                       737,943,734.44          72,944,197.31


 Total liabilities                                                 8,445,071,242.19       6,797,659,913.34


 Shareholders’ equity:
   Share capital                                       5.37        2,926,209,589.00       2,926,209,589.00
   Other equity instruments
   Including: Preferred stock
              Perpetual bonds
   Capital reserves                                    5.38        1,267,468,110.48       1,267,468,110.48
   Less: Treasury stock
   Other comprehensive income                          5.39          129,911,341.63          98,947,549.31
   Special reserves
   Surplus reserves                                    5.40        4,679,359,017.20       4,509,067,403.87
   General risk reserves                               5.41           15,228,948.37          13,260,933.32
   Retained earnings                                   5.42       14,065,902,787.81      13,489,875,636.21
   Total equity attributable to shareholders of the
     Company                                                      23,084,079,794.49      22,304,829,222.19
   Non-controlling interests                                         592,313,071.74         592,156,477.65


 Total shareholders’ equity                                       23,676,392,866.23      22,896,985,699.84


 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                       32,121,464,108.42      29,694,645,613.18


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun      Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing    Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei


28
                                                                                     Interim Report 2025




STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                  As at June 30, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                         As at                As at
                                                                      June 30,         December 31,
Assets                                             Notes                 2025                 2024
Current assets:
  Cash and bank balances                                       3,755,403,965.79      7,834,760,091.25
  Financial assets held for trading                            6,022,134,804.98      2,218,192,945.21
  Derivative financial assets
  Notes receivable                                               300,110,116.80        256,140,522.44
  Accounts receivable                               17.1       4,963,316,975.21      4,501,083,064.12
  Receivables financing
  Advances to suppliers                                         339,666,225.19         85,883,638.82
  Other receivables                                 17.2        390,114,750.66        364,757,247.16
  Inventories                                                    15,511,514.92         15,568,327.05
  Including: Data resources
  Contract assets                                                 74,255,218.56         43,718,738.10
  Assets held for sale
  Non-current assets maturing within one year
  Other current assets                                         1,186,229,685.60       112,254,358.64


Total current assets                                          17,046,743,257.71     15,432,358,932.79




                                                                                                     29
TravelSky Technology Limited



STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
As at June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                               As at               As at
                                                                            June 30,        December 31,
 Assets                                               Notes                    2025                2024
 Non-current assets:
  Debt investments
  Other debt investments
  Long-term receivables
  Long-term equity investments                        17.3        2,761,614,483.31        2,749,351,507.05
  Investment in other equity instruments                          1,004,312,400.00        1,004,312,400.00
  Other non-current financial assets                                996,866,936.75        1,017,411,627.32
  Investment properties                                              72,454,173.81           76,575,994.47
  Fixed assets                                                    2,318,476,919.05        2,368,661,653.66
  Construction in progress                                           40,547,689.91           37,708,067.27
  Productive biological assets
  Oil and gas assets
  Right-of-use assets                                               268,186,754.43           25,640,115.40
  Intangible assets                                               1,680,024,443.33        1,907,393,789.27
  Including: Data resources                                          20,225,678.07           26,650,781.13
  Development expenditures                                           79,535,073.92           29,133,718.79
  Including: Data resources
  Goodwill
  Long-term deferred expenses                                        28,898,612.89           23,246,289.52
  Deferred tax assets                                               574,698,937.17          577,152,101.52
  Other non-current assets


 Total non-current assets                                         9,825,616,424.57        9,816,587,264.27


 Total assets                                                    26,872,359,682.28       25,248,946,197.06


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun     Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing     Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




30
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                            STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                                       As at June 30, 2025
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                              As at                As at
                                                                           June 30,         December 31,
Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                    Notes                 2025                 2024
Current liabilities:
  Short-term borrowings
  Financial liabilities held for trading
  Derivative financial liabilities
  Notes payable
  Accounts payable                                                  2,497,437,862.30      2,477,488,442.40
  Advances from customers
  Contract liabilities                                                761,256,288.32        600,175,903.18
  Employee compensation payables                                      143,387,004.49        184,885,070.77
  Taxes payable                                                        53,396,255.37         76,100,180.35
  Other payables                                                    3,840,929,990.65      3,435,017,105.64
  Liabilities held for sale
  Non-current liabilities maturing within one year                     96,889,930.88       228,450,779.77
  Other current liabilities                                            44,131,011.71        19,981,095.66


Total current liabilities                                           7,437,428,343.72      7,022,098,577.77


Non-current liabilities:
 Long-term borrowings                                                471,540,311.11
 Bonds payable
 Including: Preferred stock
            Perpetual bonds
 Lease liabilities                                                   173,713,482.67           1,095,768.72
 Long-term payables
 Long-term employee benefits payable
 Provisions
 Deferred income                                                          652,500.00            172,500.00
 Deferred tax liabilities                                              52,658,202.36         51,251,622.27
 Other non-current liabilities


Total non-current liabilities                                        698,564,496.14          52,519,890.99


Total liabilities                                                   8,135,992,839.86      7,074,618,468.76




                                                                                                          31
TravelSky Technology Limited



STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE PARENT COMPANY
As at June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)



                                                                               As at               As at
                                                                            June 30,        December 31,
 Liabilities and Shareholders’ equity                  Notes                   2025                2024
 Shareholders’ equity:
   Share capital                                                   2,926,209,589.00       2,926,209,589.00
   Other equity instruments
   Including: Preferred stock
              Perpetual bonds
   Capital reserves                                                1,366,207,124.26       1,366,207,124.26
   Less: Treasury stock
   Other comprehensive income                                        113,265,760.25         113,265,760.25
   Special reserves
   Surplus reserves                                                4,673,852,825.00       4,503,561,211.67
   Retained earnings                                               9,656,831,543.91       9,265,084,043.12


 Total shareholders’ equity                                       18,736,366,842.42      18,174,327,728.30


 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity                       26,872,359,682.28      25,248,946,197.06


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun      Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing    Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




32
                                                                                                   Interim Report 2025




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                         For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                          (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                             For the six months   For the six months
                                                                                 ended June 30,       ended June 30,
Item                                                                 Notes                 2025                 2024
I.     Total operating income                                                  3,894,499,947.14     4,041,791,212.19
       Including: Operating income                                   5.43      3,894,499,947.14     4,041,791,212.19
                  Interest income
                  Earned premium
                  Fees and commission income

II.    Total operating costs                                                   2,427,876,763.37     2,535,291,416.00
       Including: Operating costs                                    5.43      1,606,525,896.47     1,634,123,093.42
                  Interest expenses
                  Handling charges and Commissions Expenses
                  Refunds of insurance premiums
                  Net payments for insurance claims
                  Net provisions for insurance liability reserves
                  Commissions on insurance policies
                  Cession charges
                  Taxes and surcharges                               5.44         44,819,753.64        44,667,989.61
                  Selling and distribution expenses                  5.45         45,870,925.36        38,887,952.91
                  General and administrative expenses                5.46        620,243,073.36       464,305,780.97
                  Research and development expenses                  5.47        166,323,848.95       431,960,329.68
                  Financial expenses                                 5.48        –55,906,734.41       –78,653,730.59
                  Including: Interest expenses                                     7,799,447.56         6,435,439.83
                             Interest income                                      57,411,998.60        73,390,563.96
       Plus: Other income                                            5.49          3,903,044.93         7,677,627.21
             Investment income (“-” for losses)                      5.50         28,714,482.79        39,334,601.25
             Including: Gains from investment in associates
                           and joint ventures                                     11,043,198.77         2,121,237.91
                        Gains from derecognition of financial
                           assets measured at amortized cost
             Foreign exchange gains (“-” for losses)
             Income from net exposure hedging (“-” for losses)
             Gains from the changes in fair value (“-” for losses)   5.51          9,398,506.85           484,501.76
             Credit impairment losses (“-” for losses)               5.52        176,545,235.82        65,664,000.96
             Asset impairment losses (“-” for losses)                5.53          2,069,412.78        –6,021,305.48
             Gains from disposal of assets (“-” for losses)          5.54          2,733,843.86            16,487.46




                                                                                                                   33
TravelSky Technology Limited



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                               For the six months   For the six months
                                                                                   ended June 30,       ended June 30,
 Item                                                                  Notes                 2025                 2024
 III.   Operating profits (“-” for losses)                                       1,689,987,710.80     1,613,655,709.35
        Plus: Non-operating income                                     5.55          1,917,439.73         3,162,710.29
        Less: Non-operating expenses                                   5.56         13,985,252.11        11,096,151.97

 IV.    Total profits (“-” for total losses)                                     1,677,919,898.42     1,605,722,267.67
        Less: Income tax expenses                                      5.57        229,136,532.58       228,906,798.98

 V.     Net profit (“-” for net loss)                                            1,448,783,365.84     1,376,815,468.69
        (I) Classified by operating continuity
             1. Net profit from continuing operations
                 (“-” for net loss)                                              1,448,783,365.84     1,376,815,468.69
             2. Net profit from discontinued operations
                 (“-” for net losses)
        (II) Classified by ownership
             1. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the
                 Company (“-” for net loss)                                      1,447,650,871.75     1,367,221,060.18
             2. Net profit attributable to non-controlling interests
                 (“-” for net loss)                                                  1,132,494.09         9,594,408.51

 VI.    Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                      30,963,792.32        45,396,422.96
        Other comprehensive income, net of tax attributable to
            shareholders of the Company                                             30,963,792.32        45,396,422.96
        (I) Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                reclassified to profit or loss                                      33,587,580.00        44,182,320.00
             1. Changes of re-measurement in defined benefit plan
             2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                   transferred to profit or loss under the equity
                   method
             3. Changes in fair value of other equity instruments
                   investment                                                       33,587,580.00        44,182,320.00
             4. Changes in the fair value of the Company’s own
                   credit risk
        (II) Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified
                to profit or loss                                                   –2,623,787.68         1,214,102.96
             1. Other comprehensive income that may be
                   reclassified to profit or loss under the equity
                   method
             2. Changes in fair value of other debt investment
             3. Amounts of financial assets reclassified to other
                   comprehensive income
             4. Provisions for credit impairment of other debt
                   investments
             5. Cash flow hedging reserves
             6. Differences arising from translation of foreign-
                   currency financial statements                                    –2,623,787.68         1,214,102.96
             7. Others
        Other comprehensive income, net of tax, attributable to
            non-controlling interests



34
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025



                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                       For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                            For the six months   For the six months
                                                                                ended June 30,       ended June 30,
 Item                                                            Notes                    2025                 2024
 VII. Total comprehensive income                                              1,479,747,158.16     1,422,211,891.65
      Total comprehensive income attributable to
        shareholders of the Company                                           1,478,614,664.07     1,412,617,483.14
      Total comprehensive income attributable to non-
        controlling interests                                                     1,132,494.09         9,594,408.51

 VIII. Earnings per share:
       (I) Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                   5.58                    0.49                 0.47
       (II) Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                5.58                    0.49                 0.47


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun          Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing      Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




                                                                                                                  35
TravelSky Technology Limited




STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME OF THE PARENT COMPANY
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                               For the six months   For the six months
                                                                                   ended June 30,       ended June 30,
 Item                                                                  Notes                 2025                 2024
 I.     Operating income                                               17.4      3,165,206,321.88     3,313,339,303.36
        Less: Operating costs                                          17.4      1,309,765,956.64     1,348,844,359.05
              Taxes and surcharges                                                  38,465,759.90        38,504,384.32
              Selling and distribution expenses                                     20,080,694.64        19,495,787.36
              General and administrative expenses                                  415,270,647.39       332,154,069.22
              Research and development expenses                                    127,081,309.64       299,809,704.90
              Financial expenses                                                   –11,513,145.17       –33,429,902.17
              Including: Interest expenses                                           6,960,012.58         5,731,135.69
                         Interest income                                            20,414,489.49        35,660,822.64
        Plus: Other income                                                           2,132,998.45         4,475,095.76
              Investment income (“-” for loss)                         17.5         30,949,960.28        37,760,939.76
              Including: Gains from investment in associates and
                           joint ventures                                           12,262,976.26       –14,518,585.49
                         Gains from derecognition of financial
                            assets measured at amortized cost
              Income from net exposure hedging (“-” for losses)
              Gains from changes in fair value (“-” for losses)                      9,398,506.85           484,501.76
              Credit impairment losses (“-” for losses)                            151,464,140.79        60,767,890.23
              Asset impairment losses (“-” for losses)                               1,269,465.98        –4,910,271.37
              Gains from disposal of assets (“-” for losses)                         2,661,860.29            12,418.29

 II.    Operating profits (“-” for loss)                                         1,463,932,031.48     1,406,551,475.11
        Plus: Non-operating income                                                     560,835.99         2,870,516.74
        Less: Non-operating expenses                                                12,801,739.11        10,623,947.44

 III.   Total profits (“-” for total losses)                                     1,451,691,128.36     1,398,798,044.41
        Less: Income tax expenses                                                  190,287,922.47       206,910,246.29

 IV.    Net profit (“-” for net loss)                                            1,261,403,205.89     1,191,887,798.12
        (I) Net profit from continuing operations (“-” for net loss)             1,261,403,205.89     1,191,887,798.12
        (II) Net profit from discontinued operations
              (“-” for net loss)




36
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025



             STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                         For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                          (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                            For the six months   For the six months
                                                                                ended June 30,       ended June 30,
 Item                                                               Notes                 2025                 2024
 V.     Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                   33,587,580.00        44,182,320.00
        (I) Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                reclassified to profit or loss                                   33,587,580.00        44,182,320.00
             1. Changes in re-measurement of the defined
                   benefit plan
             2. Other comprehensive income that cannot be
                   transferred to profit or loss under the equity
                   method
             3. Changes in fair value of other equity instruments
                   investment                                                    33,587,580.00        44,182,320.00
             4. Changes in the fair value of the Company’s own
                   credit risk
        (II) Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified
                to profit or loss
             1. Other comprehensive income that may be
                   transferred to profit or loss under the equity
                   method
             2. Changes in fair value of other debt investments
             3. Amounts of financial assets reclassified to other
                   comprehensive income
             4. Provisions for credit impairment of other debt
                   investments
             5. Cash flow hedging reserves
             6. Differences arising from translation of foreign-
                   currency financial statements
             7. Others

 VI.    Total comprehensive income                                            1,294,990,785.89     1,236,070,118.12

 VII. Earnings per share:
      (I) Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)
      (II) Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun           Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing     Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




                                                                                                                  37
TravelSky Technology Limited




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                    For the six months   For the six months
                                                                        ended June 30,       ended June 30,
 Item                                                       Notes                 2025                 2024
 I.  Cash flows from operating activities
     Cash received from sales of goods and rendering of
        services                                                     4,026,621,677.33     3,233,843,728.26
     Net increase in customer deposits and deposits
        from other banks and financial institutions
     Net increase in borrowings from central banks
     Net increase in loans from other financial
        institutions
     Cash received from receiving insurance premium of
        original insurance contract
     Net cash received from reinsurance business
     Net increase in deposits and investments from
        policyholders
     Cash received from interest, handling charges and
        commissions
     Net increase in loans from banks and other
        financial institutions
     Net capital increase in repurchase business
     Net cash received from vicariously traded securities
     Refunds of taxes and surcharges                                       856,040.37         4,913,626.94
     Cash received from other operating activities          5.60    57,658,822,810.80    66,440,302,148.46
 Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities                61,686,300,528.50    69,679,059,503.66
     Cash paid for goods purchased and services
        received                                                      954,038,106.02        921,948,828.06
     Net increase in customers’ loans and advances
     Net increase in deposits with central bank and with
        banks and other financial institutions
     Cash paid for original insurance contract claims
     Net increase in loans to banks and other financial
        institutions
     Cash paid for interest, handling charges and
        commissions
     Cash paid for policy dividends
     Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                         1,078,548,834.69     1,091,304,512.91
     Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                                492,014,104.92       437,525,592.15
     Cash paid for other operating activities               5.60    57,846,947,937.27    65,940,844,612.54
 Sub-total of cash outflows from operating activities               60,371,548,982.90    68,391,623,545.66


 Net cash flows from operating activities                   5.61     1,314,751,545.60     1,287,435,958.00




38
                                                                                            Interim Report 2025



                                                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                   For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                      For the six months   For the six months
                                                                          ended June 30,       ended June 30,
Item                                                          Notes                 2025                 2024
II. Cash flows from investing activities
    Cash received from disposal of investments                         4,326,001,337.64     3,503,394,657.11
    Cash received from returns on investments                             43,492,261.22        60,733,861.17
    Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets,
       intangible assets and other long-term assets                         230,031.73          1,389,793.25
    Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries and
       other business units
    Cash received from other investing activities             5.60                                 37,250.00
Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities                    4,369,723,630.59     3,565,555,561.53
    Cash paid to acquire and construct fixed assets,
       intangible assets and other long-term assets                      387,432,803.21       175,530,830.23
    Cash paid for investments                                          9,100,066,190.32     2,700,000,000.00
    Net increase in pledge loans
    Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries and other
       business units
    Cash paid for other investing activities                  5.60                                442,553.74
Sub-total of cash outflows from investing activities                   9,487,498,993.53     2,875,973,383.97


Net cash flows from investing activities                              –5,117,775,362.94       689,582,177.56


III. Cash flows from financing activities
     Cash from absorption of investments
     Including: Cash received by subsidiaries from
                  investment by minority shareholders
     Cash received from borrowings                                     1,975,909,645.78     1,961,999,998.00
     Cash received from other financing activities
Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities                    1,975,909,645.78     1,961,999,998.00
     Cash paid for debts repayments                                    1,983,189,098.25     1,561,589,901.50
     Cash paid for distribution of dividends and profits or
       payment of interest                                               17,181,331.19         31,886,381.61
     Including: Dividends and profits paid to minority
                  shareholders by subsidiaries                             1,136,500.00         4,648,760.44
     Cash paid for other financing activities                 5.60        57,609,797.71        66,290,329.14
Sub-total of cash outflows from financing activities                   2,057,980,227.15     1,659,766,612.25


Net cash flows from financing activities                                –82,070,581.37        302,233,385.75




                                                                                                            39
TravelSky Technology Limited



CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                     For the six months     For the six months
                                                                         ended June 30,         ended June 30,
 Item                                                        Notes                 2025                   2024
 IV.    Effect of fluctuation in exchange rate on cash and
          cash equivalents                                                  –1,404,917.31        6,757,490.38


 V.     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                    –3,886,499,316.02       2,286,009,011.69
        Plus: Beginning balance of cash and cash
                equivalents                                          10,507,711,480.03       7,276,531,274.65


 VI.    Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents                  6,621,212,164.01       9,562,540,286.34


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun       Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing     Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




40
                                                                                        Interim Report 2025




STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF THE PARENT COMPANY
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                  For the six months   For the six months
                                                                      ended June 30,       ended June 30,
Item                                                      Notes                 2025                 2024
I.  Cash flows from operating activities
    Cash received from sales of goods and rendering of
       services                                                    3,126,727,158.06     2,379,222,194.46
    Refund of taxes and surcharges                                       327,630.97
    Cash received from other operating activities                     68,857,249.48       435,744,814.73
Sub-total of cash inflows from operating activities                3,195,912,038.51     2,814,967,009.19
    Cash paid for goods purchased and services
       received                                                      858,034,896.41       842,678,310.00
    Cash paid to and on behalf of employees                          651,032,817.12       652,670,429.14
    Cash paid for taxes and surcharges                               376,767,249.00       350,353,459.48
    Cash paid for other operating activities                         500,764,450.32       204,046,864.10
Sub-total of cash outflows from operating activities               2,386,599,412.85     2,049,749,062.72


Net cash flows from operating activities                            809,312,625.66        765,217,946.47


II. Cash flows from investing activities
    Cash received from disposal of investments                     4,326,001,337.64     3,503,394,657.11
    Cash received from returns on investments                         43,492,261.22        60,583,861.17
    Net cash received from disposal of fixed assets,
       intangible assets and other long-term assets                     173,847.75          1,371,243.25
    Net cash received from disposal of subsidiaries and
       other business units
    Cash received from other investing activities
Sub-total of cash inflows from investing activities                4,369,667,446.61     3,565,349,761.53
    Cash paid to acquire and construct fixed assets,
       intangible assets and other long-term assets                  379,139,793.78       238,172,970.93
    Cash paid for investments                                      9,100,066,190.32     2,700,000,000.00
    Net cash paid to acquire subsidiaries and other
       business units
    Cash paid for other investing activities
Sub-total of cash outflows from investing activities               9,479,205,984.10     2,938,172,970.93


Net cash flows from investing activities                          –5,109,538,537.49       627,176,790.60




                                                                                                        41
TravelSky Technology Limited



STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS OF THE PARENT COMPANY
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


                                                                       For the six months   For the six months
                                                                           ended June 30,       ended June 30,
 Item                                                          Notes                 2025                 2024
 III. Cash flows from financing activities
      Cash from absorption of investments
      Cash received from borrowings                                      471,200,000.00
      Cash received from other financing activities
 Sub-total of cash inflows from financing activities                     471,200,000.00
      Cash paid for debts repayments                                     200,000,000.00
      Cash paid for distribution of dividends and profits or
        payment of interest                                                3,247,368.89          3,558,333.33
      Cash paid for other financing activities                            48,112,377.23         56,110,115.63
 Sub-total of cash outflows from financing activities                    251,359,746.12         59,668,448.96


 Net cash flows from financing activities                                219,840,253.88        –59,668,448.96


 IV.    Effect of fluctuation in exchange rate on cash and
          cash equivalents                                                   1,029,532.49         –681,369.47


 V.     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                      –4,079,356,125.46     1,332,044,918.64
        Plus: Beginning balance of cash and cash
                equivalents                                             7,834,760,091.25     5,273,294,551.65


 VI.    Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents                    3,755,403,965.79     6,605,339,470.29


The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun        Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing    Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei




42
                                                                                                                                                                                For the Period from January 1, 2025 to June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                                                       Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company
                                                                                                      Other equity instruments                                                                     Other                                                                                                                            Total
                                                                                 Share    Preferred              Perpetual                            Capital                Less:       comprehensive                Special            Surplus    General risk      Undistributed                           Minority      shareholders’
      Item                                                                      capital       stock                  bonds          Others          reserves        Treasury stock               income             reserves            reserves       reserves              profits         Sub-total        interest             equity
      I.     Balance as at December 31, 2024                           2,926,209,589.00                                                      1,267,468,110.48                            98,947,549.31                           4,509,067,403.87   13,260,933.32 13,489,875,636.21 22,304,829,222.19    592,156,477.65 22,896,985,699.84
             Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                    Correction of accounting errors in prior periods
                    Business combination under common control
                    Others
      II.    Balance as at January 1, 2025                             2,926,209,589.00                                                      1,267,468,110.48                            98,947,549.31                           4,509,067,403.87   13,260,933.32 13,489,875,636.21 22,304,829,222.19    592,156,477.65 22,896,985,699.84
      III.   Increase/decrease in 2025 (“-” for decreases)                                                                                                                               30,963,792.32                             170,291,613.33    1,968,015.05    576,027,151.60    779,250,572.30        156,594.09    779,407,166.39
             (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                              30,963,792.32                                                             1,447,650,871.75 1,478,614,664.07       1,132,494.09 1,479,747,158.16
             (2) Capital contributed or reduced by shareholders
                  (i) Common stock contributions by shareholders
                  (ii) Capital contributed by the holders of other
                          equity instruments
                  (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                           recognized in shareholders’ equity
                  (iv) Others
             (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                               170,291,613.33    1,968,015.05   –871,623,720.15    –699,364,091.77     –975,900.00     –700,339,991.77
                  (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                                                               170,291,613.33                   –170,291,613.33
                  (ii) Withdrawal of general risk reserves                                                                                                                                                                                           1,968,015.05     –1,968,015.05
                  (iii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                         –699,364,091.77    –699,364,091.77     –975,900.00     –700,339,991.77
                  (iv) Others
             (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’ equity
                  (i) Conversion of capital reserves into paid-in
                         capital (or share capital)
                  (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into paid-in
                          capital (or share capital)
                  (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                  (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the defined
                          benefit plan for retained earnings
                  (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive
                         income for retained earnings
                  (vi) Others
             (5) Special reserves
                  (i) Amount withdrawn in 2025
                  (ii) Amount used in 2025
             (6) Others
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025


      IV.    Balance as at June 30, 2025                               2,926,209,589.00                                                      1,267,468,110.48                           129,911,341.63                           4,679,359,017.20   15,228,948.37 14,065,902,787.81 23,084,079,794.49    592,313,071.74 23,676,392,866.23



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

     Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun                                                                                        Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing                                                                        Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY



43
44                                                                                                                                                                               For the Period from January 1, 2024 to June 30, 2024
                                                                                                                                                        Equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company
                                                                                                      Other equity instruments                                                                      Other                                                                                                                                    Total
                                                                                 Share    Preferred              Perpetual                            Capital                  Less:      comprehensive                Special                Surplus    General risk       Undistributed                              Minority      shareholders’
      Item                                                                      capital       stock                  bonds          Others          reserves         Treasury stock               income              reserves               reserves       reserves               profits          Sub-total          interest             equity
      I.     Balance as at December 31, 2023                           2,926,209,589.00                                                      1,192,037,425.52                            –53,239,516.76                            4,221,794,668.50      13,260,933.32   12,171,069,311.04   20,471,132,410.62   547,461,920.59   21,018,594,331.21
             Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                    Correction of accounting errors in prior periods
                    Business combination under common control
                    Others
      II.    Balance as at January 1, 2024                             2,926,209,589.00                                                      1,192,037,425.52                            –53,239,516.76                            4,221,794,668.50      13,260,933.32   12,171,069,311.04   20,471,132,410.62   547,461,920.59   21,018,594,331.21
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TravelSky Technology Limited

      III.   Increase/decrease in 2024 (“-” for decreases)                                                                                      56,571,335.20                             45,396,422.96                              116,981,122.04                         782,046,403.90    1,000,995,284.10     8,312,308.51    1,009,307,592.61
             (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                               45,396,422.96                                                                   1,367,221,060.18    1,412,617,483.14     9,594,408.51    1,422,211,891.65
             (2) Capital contributed or reduced by shareholders                                                                                56,571,335.20                                                                                                                                     56,571,335.20                        56,571,335.20
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025

                  (i) Common stock contributions by shareholders
                  (ii) Capital contributed by the holders of other
                          equity instruments
                  (iii) Amounts of share-based payments
                           recognized in shareholders’ equity
                  (iv) Others                                                                                                                  56,571,335.20                                                                                                                                    56,571,335.20                        56,571,335.20
             (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                    116,981,122.04                    –585,174,656.28     –468,193,534.24     –1,282,100.00    –469,475,634.24
                  (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                                                                    116,981,122.04                    –116,981,122.04
                  (ii) Withdrawal of general risk reserves
                  (iii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                                               –468,193,534.24     –468,193,534.24     –1,282,100.00    –469,475,634.24
                  (iv) Others
             (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’ equity
                  (i) Conversion of capital reserves into paid-in
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)

                         capital (or share capital)
                  (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into paid-in
                          capital (or share capital)
                  (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                  (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the defined
                          benefit plan for retained earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY




                  (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive
                         income for retained earnings
                  (vi) Others
             (5) Special reserves
                  (i) Amount withdrawn in 2024
                  (ii) Amount used in 2024
             (6) Others
      IV.    Balance as at June 30, 2024                               2,926,209,589.00                                                      1,248,608,760.72                              –7,843,093.80                           4,338,775,790.54      13,260,933.32   12,953,115,714.94   21,472,127,694.72   555,774,229.10   22,027,901,923.82



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

     Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun                                                                                        Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing                                                                            Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei
                                                                                                                                                                 For the Period from January 1, 2025 to June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                            Other equity instruments                                                             Other                                                               Total
                                                                                                         Share     Preferred          Perpetual                          Capital             Less: comprehensive           Special           Surplus      Undistributed      shareholders’
      Item                                                                                              capital        stock               bonds       Others          reserves Treasury stock                 income    reserves           reserves             profits            equity
      I.     Balance as at December 31, 2024                                                   2,926,209,589.00                                                 1,366,207,124.26                       113,265,760.25                4,503,561,211.67   9,265,084,043.12 18,174,327,728.30
             Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                    Correction of accounting errors in prior periods
                    Others
      II.    Balance as at January 1, 2025                                                     2,926,209,589.00                                                 1,366,207,124.26                       113,265,760.25                4,503,561,211.67   9,265,084,043.12 18,174,327,728.30
      III.   Increase/decrease in 2025 (“-” for decreases)                                                                                                                                              33,587,580.00                  170,291,613.33     391,747,500.79    595,626,694.12
             (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                                             33,587,580.00                                   1,261,403,205.89 1,294,990,785.89
             (2) Capital contributed or reduced by shareholders
                 (i) Common stock contributions by shareholders
                 (ii) Capital contributed by the holders of other equity instruments
                 (iii) Amounts of share-based payments recognized in shareholders’ equity
                 (iv) Others
             (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                  170,291,613.33    –869,655,705.10    –699,364,091.77
                 (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                                                                   170,291,613.33    –170,291,613.33
                 (ii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                               –699,364,091.77    –699,364,091.77
                 (iii) Others
             (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’ equity
                 (i) Conversion of capital reserves into paid-in capital (or share capital)
                 (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into paid-in capital (or share capital)
                 (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                 (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the defined benefit plan for
                         retained earnings
                 (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive income for retained earnings
                 (vi) Others
             (5) Special reserves
                 (i) Amount withdrawn in 2025
                 (ii) Amount used in 2025
             (6) Others
      IV.    Balance as at June 30, 2025                                                       2,926,209,589.00                                                 1,366,207,124.26                       146,853,340.25                4,673,852,825.00   9,656,831,543.91 18,769,954,422.42



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

     Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun                                                                         Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing                                                    Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY



45
46                                                                                                                                                              For the Period from June 30, 2024 to December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                            Other equity instruments                                                             Other                                                              Total
                                                                                                         Share     Preferred           Perpetual                          Capital              Less:     comprehensive    Special           Surplus      Undistributed      shareholders’
      Item                                                                                              capital        stock               bonds       Others           reserves      treasury stock           income    reserves          reserves             profits            equity
      I.     Balance as at December 31, 2023                                                   2,926,209,589.00                                                 1,298,570,506.29                        –34,440,759.56              4,216,288,476.30   8,317,634,179.46 16,724,261,991.49
             Plus: Changes in accounting policies
                    Correction of accounting errors in prior periods
                    Others
      II.    Balance as at January 1, 2024                                                     2,926,209,589.00                                                 1,298,570,506.29                        –34,440,759.56              4,216,288,476.30   8,317,634,179.46 16,724,261,991.49
      III.   Increase/decrease in 2024 (“-” for decreases)                                                                                                         48,777,268.21                         44,182,320.00                116,981,122.04     606,713,141.84    816,653,852.09
             (1) Total comprehensive income                                                                                                                                                              44,182,320.00                                 1,191,887,798.12 1,236,070,118.12
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TravelSky Technology Limited

             (2) Capital contributed or reduced by shareholders                                                                                                    48,777,268.21                                                                                            48,777,268.21
                 (i) Common stock contributions by shareholders
                 (ii) Capital contributed by the holders of other equity instruments
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025

                 (iii) Amounts of share-based payments recognized in shareholders’ equity
                 (iv) Others                                                                                                                                       48,777,268.21                                                                                            48,777,268.21
             (3) Profit distribution                                                                                                                                                                                                 116,981,122.04    –585,174,656.28    –468,193,534.24
                 (i) Withdrawal of surplus reserves                                                                                                                                                                                  116,981,122.04    –116,981,122.04
                 (ii) Profit distribution to shareholders                                                                                                                                                                                              –468,193,534.24    –468,193,534.24
                 (iii) Others
             (4) Internal carry-forward of shareholders’ equity
                 (i) Conversion of capital reserves into paid-in capital (or share capital)
                 (ii) Conversion of surplus reserves into paid-in capital (or share capital)
                 (iii) Losses offset by surplus reserves
                 (iv) Carry-forward of changes in the defined benefit plan for
                         retained earnings
                 (v) Carry-forward of other comprehensive income for retained earnings
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)

                 (vi) Others
             (5) Special reserves
                 (i) Amount withdrawn in 2024
                 (ii) Amount used in 2024
             (6) Others
      IV.    Balance as at June 30, 2024                                                       2,926,209,589.00                                                 1,347,347,774.50                          9,741,560.44              4,333,269,598.34   8,924,347,321.30 17,540,915,843.58



     The accompanying notes form an integral part of the financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY OF THE PARENT COMPANY




     Legal Representative: Huang Rongshun                                                                         Chief Accountant: Liu Xianqing                                                    Accountant in Charge: Zheng Wei
                                                                                           Interim Report 2025




                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


1   COMPANY PROFILE
    TravelSky Technology Limited (hereinafter referred to as the “Company” or “the Company”) was
    incorporated in Beijing, the People’s Republic of China on October 18, 2000, with offering of 577,303,500
    shares totaled share capital of RMB577,303,500.00 and par value of RMB1 per share at the time of
    establishment.

    On February 7, 2001, the Company completed its initial offering of 310,854,000 H ordinary shares (par
    value of RMB1 per share) to overseas investors and listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Ltd.
    (the “SEHK”), increasing its total share capital to RMB888,157,500.00 after the offering.

    On June 5, 2007, at the annual and extraordinary general shareholders’ meeting of the Company, the
    Company approved to distribute bonus at RMB1 par value per share to shareholders with the capital
    reserves-equity premiums of RMB888,157,500.00, totaling 888,157,500 shares for each existing share for
    one share, and meanwhile increased the share capital of the Company. After the conversion, the
    number of ordinary shares of the Company increased from 888,157,500 shares to 1,776,315,000 shares
    and the total share capital increased to RMB1,776,315,000.00.

    According to the Company’s extraordinary shareholders meeting resolution in July 2008, the Company
    issued 174,491,393 ordinary shares of RMB1 each to China TravelSky Holding Company Limited
    (formerly known as China TravelSky Holding Company, hereinafter referred to as “CTH”) as all equities
    of Accounting Center of China Aviation acquired by the Company from CTH and the consideration for
    property located at Dongxing Lane, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China. Upon completion of the acquisition
    in March 2009, the number of ordinary shares of the Company increased from 1,776,315,000 shares to
    1,950,806,393 shares and the total share capital increased to RMB1,950,806,393.00.

    On June 28, 2011, in accordance with the resolution of the annual general meeting, the Company was
    approved issue bonus by way of allocation of its reserves and retained earnings to capital, increase its
    share capital of RMB975,403,196.00 with discretionary surplus (RMB487,701,598.00) and undistributed
    profits (RMB487,701,598.00), and distribute the bonus to the shareholders of the Company whose names
    appeared on its register of shareholders on June 28, 2011, with one bonus share for every two shares
    of the Company held at that time, and the total share capital of the Company after the capital increase
    increased to RMB2,926,209,589.00.

    As at June 30, 2025, the Company cumulatively issued share capital by the Company was 2,926,209,589
    shares, and the registered share capital was RMB2,926,209,589.00.

    The existing unified social credit code: 9111000071092729XP. Registered office: No. 7 Yumin Street,
    Houshayu Town, Shunyi District, Beijing. Legal representative: Rongshun Huang.




                                                                                                           47
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


1     COMPANY PROFILE (CONTINUED)
      The Company’s business scope includes: Licensed business items: Internet information service business
      (specific service items are subject to the operation license of telecommunications and information
      service business). General business items: contracting of computer software and hardware engineering
      projects; research, development, production, sales, or leasing of computer software, hardware,
      peripherals, and network products, and technical consulting and technical services related to the above
      businesses; import and export business; business information and tourism information consulting;
      professional contracting of items such as system integration, electronic engineering, and airport air
      traffic control engineering, and terminal building weak electrical system engineering projects. (The
      Company may independently choose business items and conduct business activities in accordance with
      the law; any item that need to be approved according to law shall be carried out after acquiring the
      approval of related administration; any operating activity of the item banned and restricted by Beijing
      industrial policy may not be conducted.)

      The business nature of the Company is: Aviation information technology services.

      The industry in which the Company operates is: Other air transportation auxiliary activities.

      The Company’s main business activities are: The Company provides a full range of services such as air
      passenger business processing, air travel electronic distribution, airport passenger processing, air cargo
      data processing, Internet travel platform, international and domestic passenger and cargo revenue
      management system and application, and agency settlement and clearing for airlines, airports, air ticket
      sales agents, tourism enterprises and civil aviation-related institutions and international organizations.

      The parent company of the Company is China TravelSky Holding Company Limited, and the effective
      controller of the Company is the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the
      State Council of China.

      The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”.

      The financial statements have been approved by the Company’s board of directors on August 21, 2025.




48
                                                                                         Interim Report 2025



                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


2   BASIS OF PREPARATION FOR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    2.1 Basis of preparation
         The Company prepares financial statements in accordance with the “Accounting Standards for
         Business Enterprises — Basic Standards” and all the specific accounting standards,Application
         Guidance to the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, the interpretation of the
         Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and other relevant provisions (hereinafter referred
         to as the “Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises”). In addition, the financial statements
         comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
         on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited issued by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
         Limited and with the applicable disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

    2.2 Going concern
         The financial statements are prepared on a going concern basis.


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    The following contents disclosed have covered the specific accounting policies and accounting estimates
    formulated according to the characteristics of actual production and business operation by the
    Company.

    3.1 Statement on compliance with the Accounting Standards for Business
        Enterprises
         The financial statements meet the requirements of the Accounting Standards for Business
         Enterprises issued by the Ministry of Finance, and truly and completely reflect the consolidated
         financial position and the parent company’s financial position as at June 30, 2025, and the
         consolidated operating results and the parent company’s operating results, the consolidated cash
         flows and the parent company’s cash flows for the period from January 2025 to June 2025.

    3.2 Accounting period
         The accounting year is from January 1 to December 31 in calendar year.

    3.3 Operating cycle
         The Company’s operating cycle is 12 months.

    3.4 Functional currency
         The Company adopts RMB as its functional currency. Subsidiaries of the Company determine their
         financial statements according to the main economic environment in which they operate. This
         financial statement is presented in RMB.




                                                                                                         49
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.5 Accounting treatment methods for business combinations under common
          control and not under common control
            Business combination under common control: for the assets and liabilities acquired from business
            combination by the combining party (including the goodwill formed by the acquisition by the final
            controller of the combined party), they are measured at book value of assets and liabilities in the
            consolidated financial statements of the final controller on the combination date. The stock
            premium in capital reserves is adjusted according to the difference between the book value of net
            assets acquired through combination and the book value of consideration paid for the combination
            (or total par value of shares issued). If the stock premium in capital reserves is insufficient to
            cover the difference, the remaining amount will be charged against retained earnings.

            Business combination not under common control: the combination costs are the fair value, on the
            acquisition date, of any assets acquired, any liabilities incurred or assumed, and any equity
            securities issued by the acquirer, in exchanges for the right of control over the acquiree. The
            Company shall recognize the difference of the combination costs in excess of the fair value of the
            identifiable net assets acquired from the acquiree as goodwill. The Company shall recognize the
            difference of the combination costs in short of the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired
            from the acquiree in the current profit or loss. The identifiable assets, liabilities, and contingent
            liabilities of the acquiree that are obtained by the acquirer from combination and conform to the
            recognition criteria shall be measured at the fair value on the acquisition date.

            Direct relevant expenses arising from the business combination are included in the current profit
            or loss upon occurrence. Trading expenses on issuing equity securities or debt securities for the
            business combination are included in the initially recognized amount of the equity securities or the
            debt securities.

      3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements
            3.6.1 Scope of consolidation
                  The consolidation scope of consolidated financial statements is determined on the basis of
                  control, covering the Company and all the subsidiaries. Control means the Company has the
                  power over the investee and enjoys the variable return through participating in activities
                  related to the investee, and has the ability to affect the Company’s return by using the power
                  over the investee.




50
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
        3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation
             The Company regards the entire enterprise group as an accounting entity and prepares
             consolidated financial statements in accordance with unified accounting policies to reflect the
             overall financial status, operating results and cash flow of the enterprise group. The
             influence of internal transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries or between
             subsidiaries shall be offset. If internal transactions indicate that the relevant assets have
             suffered impairment losses, this part of losses shall be confirmed in full. If the accounting
             policies or accounting periods of a subsidiary are different from those of the Company, the
             consolidated financial statements of the subsidiary, upon preparation, will be adjusted
             according to the accounting policies and accounting periods of the Company.

             The share of shareholders’ equity, current net profit or loss and current comprehensive
             income of subsidiaries attributable to minority shareholders are respectively and separately
             presented under the shareholders’ equity in the consolidated balance sheet, the net profit in
             the consolidated income statement, and the total comprehensive income in the consolidated
             income statement. If the current loss shared by a minority shareholder of a subsidiary
             exceeds the balances arising from the shares enjoyed by the minority shareholder in the
             shareholders’ equity of the subsidiary at the beginning of the period, minority equity will be
             written down accordingly.

             (1)   Increase of subsidiaries or business
                   During the reporting period, where the Company acquired subsidiaries or business from
                   the business combination under common control, the operating results and cash flows
                   of the newly acquired subsidiaries or business from the beginning of the period for
                   business combination to the end of the reporting period are included in the
                   consolidated financial statements; the beginning amount of the consolidated financial
                   statements and relevant items in the comparative statements are adjusted accordingly,
                   as if the reporting entity after the business combination exists as of the time when the
                   ultimate controller has the control.

                   Where control can be exercised on the investee under the common control for
                   additional investment or other reasons, equity investments held before the control over
                   the combined party is obtained, the related profits or losses, other comprehensive
                   income as well as other changes in net assets recognized from the later between the
                   date when the original equity is obtained and the date when the acquirer and the
                   acquiree are under common control to the combination date will respectively write
                   down the beginning retained earnings or the current profit or loss during the period for
                   comparing financial statements.




                                                                                                          51
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
            3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
                  (1)   Increase of subsidiaries or business (Continued)
                        During the reporting period, if the Company acquired subsidiaries or business from the
                        business combination not under common control, all identifiable assets, liabilities and
                        contingent liabilities will be included in the consolidated financial statements from the
                        purchase date based on their fair value determined on purchase date.

                        Where the Company can control the investee not under common control for additional
                        investments, it shall re-measure equity of the acquiree held before the acquisition date
                        at the fair value of such equity on the acquisition date and include the difference
                        between the fair value and book value in the current investment income. Where equity
                        of the acquiree held before the acquisition date involves in other comprehensive income
                        that can be reclassified into profit or loss and other changes in shareholders’ equity
                        accounted for under the equity method shall be transferred to the investment income in
                        the year which the acquisition date falls in.

                 (2)    Disposal of subsidiaries
                        ①      General treatment methods
                               When the Company losses the control over the investee due to disposal of partial
                               equity investment or other reasons, the remaining equity investment after the
                               disposal should be re-measured by the Company at the fair value thereof on the
                               date of losing the control. The difference of total amount of the consideration
                               from disposal of equities plus the fair value of the remaining equities less the
                               shares calculated at the original shareholding ratio in net assets and goodwill of
                               the original subsidiary which are continuously calculated as of the acquisition date
                               or combination date shall be included in the investment income of the period at
                               the loss of control. Other comprehensive income that will be reclassified into
                               profit or loss later associated with the equity investments of the original
                               subsidiary, or the changes in other shareholders’ equity calculated under the
                               equity method, shall be transferred into investment income of the current period
                               when control is lost.




52
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
        3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
             (2)   Disposal of subsidiaries (Continued)
                   ②    Disposal of subsidiaries by stages
                        If the control is lost due to disposal of the equity investments in subsidiaries
                        through multiple transactions by stages, and the terms, conditions and economic
                        impact of the transactions related to the disposal of equity investments in
                        subsidiaries meet one or more of the following circumstances, it usually indicates
                        that multiple transactions will be treated a package deal:

                        i.     The transactions are concluded at the same time or under the consideration
                               of mutual effect;

                        ii.    These transactions as a whole can reach a complete business result;

                        iii.   The occurrence of a transaction depends on that of other transaction or more;

                        iv.    A single transaction is uneconomical but it is economical when considered
                               together with other transactions.

                        Where various transactions belong to a package deal, accounting treatment shall
                        be made by the Company on the transactions as a transaction to dispose
                        subsidiaries and lose the control; the difference between each disposal cost and
                        net asset share in the subsidiaries corresponding to each disposal of investments
                        before loss of the control should be recognized as other comprehensive income in
                        the consolidated financial statements and should be transferred into the current
                        profit or loss at the loss of the control.

                        Where various transactions do not belong to a package deal, before the loss of the
                        control, accounting treatment shall be made according to the partial disposal of
                        equity investments in the subsidiary without losing control; at the loss of the
                        control, accounting treatment shall be made according to general treatment
                        methods for disposal of subsidiaries.




                                                                                                          53
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.6 Preparation method of consolidated financial statements (Continued)
            3.6.2 Procedures for consolidation (Continued)
                 (3)   Purchase of minority interest of subsidiaries
                        The share premium in the capital reserves under the consolidated balance sheet will be
                        adjusted at the difference between the long-term equity investment acquired by the
                        Company for the purchase of minority interest and the share of net assets calculated
                        constantly from the acquisition date or combination date according to the newly
                        increased shareholding ratio. If the share premium is insufficient to offset, retained
                        earnings will be adjusted.

                 (4)   Partial disposal of equity investments in subsidiaries without losing control
                        The equity premium of capital reserves in the consolidated balance sheet will be
                        adjusted according to the difference between the disposal price and the share of net
                        assets of subsidiaries calculated from the acquisition date or the combination date
                        corresponding to the disposal of long-term equity investments; if the equity premium of
                        capital reserves is insufficient, the retained earnings will be adjusted.

      3.7 Recognition criteria of cash and cash equivalents
            Cash refers the Company’s cash on hand and the unrestricted deposits. Cash equivalents refer to
            short-term and highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of the
            cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of change in value.

      3.8 Foreign currency transactions and translation of foreign currency statements
            3.8.1 Foreign currency transactions
                  Foreign currency transactions are translated into CNY for accounting purpose at the spot
                  exchange rate on the day when the transaction occurs.

                  The balance of foreign currency items on the balance sheet date are translated at the spot
                  exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Except those arising from specific-purpose
                  borrowings in foreign currencies related to assets eligible for capitalization that shall be
                  measured in accordance with principle of capitalization of the borrowing costs, other
                  exchange differences shall be recognized in profit or loss for the current period.




54
                                                                                           Interim Report 2025



                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.8 Foreign currency transactions and translation of foreign currency statements
        (Continued)
        3.8.2 Translation of foreign currency financial statements
             When the Company measures the foreign currency statements of its overseas business, the
             assets and liabilities in the balance sheet are translated at the spot exchange rates on the
             balance sheet date; owners’ equity items, except for the item of “undistributed profits”, are
             translated at the spot exchange rates on the date when the business occurs. The income and
             expenses items in income statements are translated at the spot exchange rate on the day
             when the transaction occurs.

             At the disposal of overseas business, the translation differences of foreign currency
             statements relating to the overseas business shall be transferred from the owner’s equity
             item to the current profit or loss at disposal.

    3.9 Financial instruments
        When the Company becomes a party to a financial instrument, it shall recognize a financial asset,
        financial liability, or equity Instrument.

        3.9.1 Classification of financial instruments
             According to the business model of financial assets and contractual cash flow characteristics
             of the same, which are subject to the management of the Company, financial assets are
             classified at initial recognition as: financial assets measured at the amortized cost, financial
             assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets
             measured at fair value through profit or loss.

             Financial assets not designated to be measured at fair value through the current profit or
             loss in line with the following conditions will be reclassified into the financial assets
             measured at amortized cost:

             —     The business model aims to collect contractual cash flows;

             —     The contract cash flow is only the payment for the principal and the interest based on
                   the outstanding principal amount.

             Financial assets not designated to be measured at fair value through profit or loss in line
             with the following conditions will be reclassified into the financial assets (debt instruments)
             measured at fair value through other comprehensive income:

             —     Where the purpose of the business model is to collect contractual cash flows and sell
                   such financial assets;




                                                                                                           55
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
            3.9.1 Classification of financial instruments (Continued)
                  —     Contractual cash flow is only the payment for the principal and the interest based on
                        the outstanding principal amount.

                  At the initial recognition, the Company irrevocably designates the non-trading equity
                  instrument investments as financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value
                  through the other comprehensive income. The designation is made based on a single
                  investment and the relevant investment is in line with the definition of the equity instrument
                  from the issuer’s perspective.

                  Except for the financial assets measured at amortized cost and the financial assets
                  measured at fair value through other comprehensive income mentioned above, all the
                  remaining financial assets are classified as financial assets measured at fair value through
                  profit or loss. At the initial recognition, in order to eliminate or obviously reduce accounting
                  mismatch, the Company may irrevocably designate the financial assets that shall be
                  classified to be measured at amortized cost or measured at fair value through other
                  comprehensive income as financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss.

                  At the initial recognition, financial liabilities are classified as: financial liabilities measured at
                  fair value through profit or loss and financial liabilities measured at the amortized cost.

            3.9.2 Recognition basis and measurement method of financial instruments
                 (1)   Financial assets measured at amortized cost
                        Financial assets measured at amortized cost include notes receivable and accounts
                        receivable, other receivables, long-term receivables, and creditors’ investment, etc., of
                        which initial measurement is made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are
                        included in the initially recognized amount; exclude accounts receivable with significant
                        financing component and accounts receivable with the financing component not
                        exceeding one year and not considered by the Company, of which initial measurement
                        is made at the contract transaction price.

                        During the holding period, the interest calculated with the effective interest method
                        should be included in the current profit or loss.

                        At recovery or disposal, the difference between the purchase price obtained and the
                        book value of such financial assets is included in the current profit or loss.




56
                                                                                           Interim Report 2025



                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.2 Recognition basis and measurement method of financial instruments (Continued)
            (2)   Financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                  comprehensive income
                  Financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                  comprehensive income include receivables financing and other creditors’ investment, of
                  which initial measurement is made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are
                  included in the initially recognized amount. The subsequent measurement of such
                  financial assets is made at fair value. Changes in fair value are included in other
                  comprehensive income except for the interest calculated by the effective interest
                  method, impairment losses or reversal, and exchange gains or losses.

                  At derecognition, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in other
                  comprehensive income are transferred from the other comprehensive income to the
                  current profit or loss.

            (3)   Financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value through other
                  comprehensive income
                  Financial assets (equity instruments) measured at fair value through other
                  comprehensive income, including the investment in other equity instruments, are
                  initially measured at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are included in the
                  initially recognized amount. The subsequent measurement of such financial assets is
                  made at fair value, and the changes in fair value are included in other comprehensive
                  income. The dividends obtained are included in the current profit or loss.

                  At derecognition, the accumulated gains or losses previously included in other
                  comprehensive income are transferred from the other comprehensive income to the
                  retained earnings.

            (4)   Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
                  Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss include trading financial
                  assets, derivative financial assets and other non-current financial assets, of which initial
                  measurement is made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are included in the
                  current profit or loss. The subsequent measurement of such financial assets is made at
                  fair value, and changes in fair value are included in the current profit or loss.




                                                                                                           57
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
            3.9.2 Recognition basis and measurement method of financial instruments (Continued)
                 (5)   Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss
                        Financial liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss include trading
                        financial liabilities and derivative financial liabilities, of which initial measurement is
                        made at fair value, and relevant transaction costs are included in the current profit or
                        loss. The subsequent measurement of such financial liabilities is made at fair value,
                        and changes in fair value are included in the current profit or loss.

                        At derecognition, the difference between the book value and the consideration paid of
                        such financial liabilities is included in the current profit or loss.

                 (6)   Financial liabilities measured at amortized cost
                        Financial liabilities measured at the amortized cost include short-term borrowings,
                        notes payable and accounts payable, other payables, long-term borrowings, bonds
                        payable and long-term payables, of which initial measurement is made at fair value,
                        and related transaction costs are included in the initially recognized amount.

                        During the holding period, the interest calculated by the effective interest method is
                        included in the current profit or loss.

                        At derecognition, the difference between the consideration paid and the book value of
                        such financial liabilities is included in the current profit or loss.

            3.9.3 Derecognition and transfer of financial assets
                  Where one of the following conditions is met, the Company shall derecognize financial
                  assets:

                  —     The contractual right of collecting cash flows of financial assets is terminated;

                  —     The financial assets have been transferred, and nearly all of the risks and rewards related
                        to the ownership of the financial assets have been transferred to the transferee;

                  —     The financial assets have been transferred, and the Company does not retain the control
                        over the financial assets through it has neither transferred nor retained nearly all risks
                        and rewards related to the ownership of the financial assets.

                  When the Company modifies or renegotiates a contract with a counterparty and the
                  modification constitutes a material change, the original financial asset is derecognized and a
                  new financial asset is recognized in accordance with the modified terms.




58
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.3 Derecognition and transfer of financial assets (Continued)
             At the transfer of financial assets, where nearly all the risks and rewards related to the
             ownership of the financial assets have been retained, such financial assets shall not be
             derecognized.

             In determining whether the transfer of a financial asset meets the above derecognition
             criteria of financial assets, the principle of substance over form will be adopted.

             The Company divides the transfer of financial assets into overall transfer and partial
             transfer. Where the entire transfer of financial assets meets the derecognition conditions, the
             difference of the following two amounts is included in the current profit or loss:

             (1)   The book value of the transferred financial asset;

             (2)   The sum of consideration received from the transfer, and the accumulated change
                   amount of fair value originally recorded in shareholders’ equity (the financial assets
                   involved in the transfer are financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value
                   through the other comprehensive income).

             Where the partial transfer of a financial asset meets the derecognition criteria, the entire
             book value of the financial asset transferred shall be allocated between the derecognized
             part and the recognized part based on the relative fair value, and the difference between the
             following two amounts shall be included in the current profit or loss:

             (1)   The book value of derecognized part;

             (2)   The sum of the consideration for the derecognized part and the amount corresponding
                   to the de-recognition part in the accumulated change amount of fair value originally
                   and directly included in shareholders’ equity (where the financial assets transferred are
                   the financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
                   comprehensive income).

             Where the transfer of financial assets does not meet the derecognition criteria, the financial
             assets shall continue to be recognized, and the consideration received shall be recognized as
             a financial liability.




                                                                                                          59
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
            3.9.4 Derecognition of financial liabilities
                  Where the present obligations of financial liabilities have been discharged in whole or in
                  part, the financial liabilities or any part thereof shall be derecognized; if the Company signs
                  an agreement with creditors to replace the existing financial liabilities by undertaking new
                  financial liabilities, and the new financial liabilities are substantially different from the
                  existing ones in terms of contract terms, the existing financial liabilities shall be
                  derecognized, and at the same time, the new financial liabilities shall be recognized.

                  Where substantive changes are made to the contract terms of existing financial liabilities in
                  whole or in part, the existing financial liabilities shall be derecognized in whole or in part,
                  and the financial liabilities of which terms have been modified shall be recognized as the new
                  financial liabilities.

                  Where financial liabilities are derecognized is whole or in part, the difference between the
                  book value of the financial liabilities derecognized and the consideration paid (including
                  non-cash assets surrendered and the new financial liabilities assumed) shall be included in
                  current profit or loss.

                  Where the Company redeems part of its financial liabilities, it shall, on the redemption date,
                  allocate the entire book value of whole financial liabilities according to the comparative fair
                  value of the part that continues to be recognized and the derecognized part. The difference
                  between the book value allocated to the derecognized part and the considerations paid
                  (including non-cash assets surrendered and the new financial liabilities assumed) shall be
                  included in the current profit or loss.

            3.9.5 Recognition methods of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities
                  As for the financial instruments for which there is an active market, the quoted prices in the
                  active market shall be used to determine the fair values thereof. Where there is no active
                  market for a financial instrument, the valuation techniques shall be adopted to determine its
                  fair value. At the time of valuation, the Company shall adopt the valuation technique that is
                  applicable to the current circumstance and is supported by sufficient available data and
                  other information to select the input values consistent with the assets or liabilities
                  characteristics that are considered by market participants in transactions of relevant assets
                  and liabilities and shall give priority in use of observable input values. And the unobservable
                  input values may be used only when the observable input values are unable or unpractical to
                  be obtained.




60
                                                                                        Interim Report 2025



                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets
             The Company estimates the expected credit loss of financial assets measured at the
             amortized cost, financial assets (debt instruments) measured at fair value through the other
             comprehensive income and financial guarantee contract individually or in portfolio.

             By considering such reasonable and well-founded information as relevant matters in the
             past, current conditions and prediction of future economic conditions, the Company
             calculates the probability weighted amount, weighted by default risk, of the present value of
             the difference between the cash flows receivable under the contract and the cash flows
             expected to be received, to determine the expected credit loss.

             For receivables and contract assets arising from the transactions specified in the Accounting
             Standards for Business Enterprises No. 14 — Revenue, whether or not they contain
             significant financing components, the Company always makes the provision for credit loss at
             the amount equivalent to the expected credit loss over the whole duration.

             For lease receivables arising from the transactions specified in the Accounting Standards for
             Business Enterprises No. 21 — Leases, the Company always makes the provision for credit
             loss at the amount equivalent to the expected credit loss over the whole duration.

             For other financial instruments, the Company assesses at each balance sheet date the
             changes in credit risk of the relevant financial instruments since initial recognition.

             By comparing the default risk in financial instruments on the balance sheet date with the
             default risk in financial instruments on the initial recognition date, the Company determines
             the relative change in default risk in financial instruments during the estimated duration to
             assess whether the credit risk of financial instruments has greatly increased following the
             initial recognition of such financial instruments. Generally, once the period is overdue for
             over 30 days, the Company may consider that there is obvious increase in credit risk of such
             financial instrument, unless there is unambiguous evidence that there is no obvious increase
             in credit risk of such financial instrument following the initial recognition.

             If the credit risk of the financial instrument is low on the balance sheet date, the Company
             will immediately consider that there is no obvious increase in credit risk of such financial
             instrument following the initial recognition.




                                                                                                        61
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
            3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets (Continued)
                  If there is obvious increase in credit risk following the initial recognition of such financial
                  instrument, the Company will measure the loss provision at the amount which is equivalent
                  to the amount of the expected credit loss over the entire duration of such financial
                  instrument; if there is no obvious increase in credit risk following the initial recognition of
                  such financial instrument, the Company will measure the loss provision at the amount which
                  is equivalent to the amount of the expected credit loss within 12 months in the future of
                  such financial instrument. Amount increased or reversed of loss provision arising therefrom
                  will be included in the current profit or loss as impairment loss or gain. For financial assets
                  (debt instruments) at fair value through other comprehensive income, a provision for
                  impairment is recognized in other comprehensive income, and the impairment loss or gain is
                  recognized in profit or loss and does not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset
                  as stated in the balance sheet.

                  The Company combines the accounts receivable and contract assets according to similar
                  credit risk characteristics and based on forward-looking information and all other reasonable
                  and reliable information, estimates the proportion of provision for bad debts of accounts
                  receivable as follows:

                   Determination basis
                   of portfolio                  Portfolio analysis method
                   Portfolio of receivables      For the accounts receivable from related parties (including the
                     from related parties        open accounts with the shareholder company, the open
                                                 accounts between the parent company and the subsidiaries or
                                                 between subsidiaries), in principle, no provision for bad debts
                                                 shall be made. However, if there is conclusive evidence that
                                                 the debt unit of the related party has been revoked, bankrupt,
                                                 insolvent, and the cash flow is seriously insufficient, and the
                                                 receivables will not be recovered by debt restructuring or
                                                 other means, the corresponding provision for bad debts shall
                                                 be accrued according to the estimated possible losses from
                                                 bad debts, and the provision for bad debts may also be
                                                 accrued for all the receivables from related parties that are
                                                 estimated to be unrecoverable.
                   Portfolio of receivables      Based on the experience of historical credit losses, the Group
                     from third parties          adopts a simplified method to calculate the expected credit
                                                 losses by using the reserve matrix for the expected credit
                                                 losses of the whole duration.




62
                                                                                       Interim Report 2025



                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.9 Financial instruments (Continued)
        3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of impairment of financial assets (Continued)
             The measurement of provision for impairment loss on other receivables is conducted in
             accordance with the measurement method of impairment loss on the aforesaid financial
             assets (excluding accounts receivables).

             The balance of other receivables mainly includes: The payment by the Company’s wholly
             owned subsidiary, Accounting Center of China Aviation paid on behalf of airlines for the
             settlement and clearing services provided to them, and the principal of the factoring of
             accounts receivable collected by Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of
             Accounting Center of China Aviation. As these accounts are within the normal collection
             period, and from experience observations, no credit risk has occurred, or the borrower has
             strong financial support to repay the funds in the short term. Hence, they are treated low
             credit risk and no expected credit loss is accrued.

             For various types of margin, deposit and reserve borrowings, in principle, no provision for
             bad debts is made. However, if there is conclusive evidence that bad debts have been
             formed, corresponding bad debt provisions will be made based on the estimated bad debt
             losses that may occur.

             If the Company no longer reasonably expects that the contractual cash flow of the financial
             asset can be fully or partially recovered, the book balance of the financial asset will be
             directly written down.

    3.10 Inventories
        3.10.1 Classification and cost of inventories
             Inventories are classified as: raw materials, low-cost consumables, stock commodities,
             goods dispatched, contract performance cost, contract acquisition cost, etc.

             Inventories are initially measured at cost, and the inventory cost includes the procurement
             cost, processing cost and other expenses arising from making the inventory at their present
             location and condition.

        3.10.2 Measurement method of dispatched inventories
             The dispatched inventories are measured by individual identification method.

        3.10.3 Inventory system
             Perpetual inventory system is adopted.




                                                                                                       63
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.10 Inventories (Continued)
            3.10.4 Amortization methods for low-cost consumables and packaging materials
                  (1)   One-off write-off method is adopted for low-cost consumables;

                  (2)   The revolving packaging materials are included in the cost according to the expected
                        number of times of use.

            3.10.5 Recognition basis of net realizable value of different types of inventories
                  On the balance sheet date, inventories shall be measured at the cost or the net realizable
                  value, whichever is lower. Where the inventory cost is higher than its realizable value, the
                  provision for inventory impairment shall be made. During routine activities, net realizable
                  values of inventories refer to the amounts of the estimated selling prices of inventories
                  minus the estimated costs to completion, estimated selling expenses and relevant taxes and
                  surcharges.

                  Net realizable values of merchandise inventories held directly for sale, such as finished
                  goods, stock commodities, and available-for-sale materials, are measured at the estimated
                  selling prices less estimated sales expenses and relevant taxes and surcharges in the
                  normal production process; net realizable values of material inventories which need further
                  processing are measured at the estimated selling prices less the estimated costs of
                  completion, estimated sales expenses and relevant taxes and surcharges in the normal
                  production process; net realizable values of inventories held for the purpose of fulfillment of
                  sales contracts or service contracts are calculated on the basis of the contract prices; if the
                  quantity of inventories held exceeds that stated in the contract, the net realizable values of
                  the excessive part are calculated on the basis of normal selling prices.

                  When the provision for inventory impairment is made, where the previous factor rendering
                  the write-down of the inventory value has been eliminated, for which the net realizable value
                  of the inventory is higher than the book value of the same, the provision for inventory
                  impairment shall be reversed from the amount of provision for inventory impairment
                  originally made, and the reversed amount shall be included in the current profit or loss.

      3.11 Contract assets
            3.11.1 Recognition method and criteria for contract assets
                  The Company presents contract assets or contract liabilities in the balance sheet based on
                  the relationship between its performance of fulfillment obligations and customer payments.
                  The right of the Company to the charge of consideration via goods transfer or service
                  rendering to the customer (and the right depends on other factors except for the time
                  lapses) is presented as contract asset. Contractual assets and contractual liabilities under
                  the same contract shall be presented at net amount. The unconditional (only depending on
                  the time lapses) right to the charge of consideration from the customer, possessed by the
                  Company, is presented as receivables.


64
                                                                                            Interim Report 2025



                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.11 Contract assets (Continued)
        3.11.2 Determination method and accounting treatment for the expected credit loss of contract
               assets
             See “3.9.6 Test method and accounting treatment of depreciation of financial assets”, for the
             determination method and accounting treatment for the expected credit loss of contract
             assets.

    3.12 Assets held for sale and discontinued operation
        3.12.1 Assets held for sale
             Where the Company recovers the book value of any non-current asset or disposed asset
             portfolio mainly through selling (including the exchange of non-monetary assets with
             commercial essence) but not continuously using the same, such non-current asset or
             disposed asset portfolio shall be divided into assets held for sale.

             The Company recognizes non-current assets or disposed asset portfolios meeting the
             following conditions at the same time as assets held for sale:

             (1)   According to the general practice for selling such kind of asset or disposed asset portfolio
                   in the similar transaction, the asset or portfolio can be immediately sold in the
                   prevailing circumstance;

             (2)   The sale of the asset or portfolio is very likely to happen, which means that the Company
                   has made a resolution for one selling plan and has acquired the decided purchase
                   commitment, and it is estimated that the sale will be completed within one year. Where
                   the sale is subject to the approval of relevant authorities or regulatory authorities of the
                   Company according to relevant provisions, the approval has been obtained.

             For any non-current asset (excluding financial assets, deferred tax assets) or disposed asset
             portfolio classified assets as held for sale, where its book value is higher than the net
             amount of its fair value less the selling expense, the book value shall be written down to the
             net amount of the fair value less the selling expense, and the amount written down shall be
             recognized as the losses from asset impairment and included in the current profit or loss,
             while the provision for impairment of assets held for sale is made.




                                                                                                            65
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.12 Assets held for sale and discontinued operation (Continued)
            3.12.2 Discontinued operation
                  A discontinued operation is a separately distinguishable component that meets one of the
                  following conditions and that has been disposed of by the Company or classified by the
                  Company as held for sale:

                  (1)   The component represents a separate major operation or a separate major operating
                        area;

                  (2)   The component is part of a related plan for the proposed disposition of a separate
                        principal business or a separate principal operating area;

                  (3)   The component is a subsidiary acquired exclusively for resale.

                  Gains and losses from continuing operations and gains and losses from discontinued
                  operations are presented separately in the income statement. Operating gains and losses,
                  such as impairment losses and reversal amount for discontinued operations, as well as gains
                  and losses on disposals, are presented as gains and losses from discontinued operations.
                  For discontinued operations reported in the current period, the Company restates the
                  information that was previously reported as profit or loss from continuing operations as
                  profit or loss from discontinued operations for the comparable accounting period in the
                  financial statements of current period.

      3.13 Long-term equity investments
            3.13.1 Judgment criteria for joint control and significant influence
                  Joint control refers to the control shared over an arrangement in accordance with the
                  relevant stipulations, and the decision-making of related activities of the arrangement should
                  not be made before the party sharing the control right agrees the same. Where the
                  Company exercises common control over the investee together with other parties to the joint
                  venture and enjoys the right on the investee’s net assets, the investee is a joint venture of
                  the Company.

                  Significant influence, refers to the power to participate in making decisions on the financial
                  and operating policies of the investee, but not the power to control or jointly control the
                  formulation of such policies with other parties. Where the Company is able to exert
                  significant influence over the investee, the investee is its associate.




66
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
        3.13.2 Determination of initial investment cost
             (1)   Long-term equity investment acquired from business combination
                   For the long-term equity investments in subsidiaries formed by the business
                   combination under common control, the share of book value of its shareholders’ equity
                   in the combine in the consolidated financial statements of the ultimate controller shall
                   be recognized, on the combination date, as the initial cost of the long-term equity
                   investment. If there is a difference between the initial investment cost of the long-term
                   equity investment and the book values of the paid consideration, the difference shall be
                   used to adjust the share premium in the capital reserve; and if the share premium in
                   the capital reserve is insufficient to be offset, retained earnings shall be adjusted.

                   For the long-term equity investments in subsidiaries formed by the business
                   combination not under common control, the Company recognizes the combination cost
                   determined on the combination date as the initial investment cost of long-term equity
                   investments.

             (2)   Long-term equity investment acquired by means other than business combination
                   For long-term equity investments acquired through making payments in cash, its initial
                   investment cost is the actually paid purchase cost.

                   For long-term equity investments acquired from issuance of equity securities, its initial
                   investment cost is the fair value of the issued equity securities.

        3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses
             (1)   Long-term equity investments accounted for under the cost method
                   Long-term equity investments of the Company in its subsidiaries are accounted for
                   under the cost method unless such investments meet the conditions of holding for sale.
                   Under the cost method, except for the actual price paid for acquisition of investment or
                   the cash dividends or profits contained in the consideration which have been declared
                   but not yet distributed, the Company recognizes the proportion it shall enjoy in the cash
                   dividends or profits declared by the investee as its investment income.




                                                                                                          67
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
            3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses (Continued)
                 (2)   Long-term equity investments accounted for under equity method
                        Long-term equity investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for under
                        the equity method. If the initial investment cost is in excess of the share of fair value of
                        the net identifiable assets in the investee when the investment is made, the difference
                        will not be adjusted to the initial cost of long-term equity investment; if the initial
                        investment cost is in short of the share of the fair value of the net identifiable assets in
                        the investee when the investment is made, the difference will be included in the
                        current profit or loss, and will be adjusted to the initial cost of long-term equity
                        investment.

                        The Company shall, based on its attributable share of the net profit or loss and other
                        comprehensive income realized by the investee, respectively recognize the investment
                        income and other comprehensive income, and simultaneously adjust the book value of
                        the long-term equity investment. The Company shall, in the light of the profits or cash
                        dividends that the investee declares to distribute, reduce the book value of the
                        long-term equity investment correspondingly. As to other changes in shareholders’
                        equity of the investee other than net profit or loss, other comprehensive income and
                        profit distribution (hereinafter referred to as “Other Changes in shareholders’ Equity”),
                        the Company shall adjust the book value of the long-term equity investment and
                        include such change in the shareholders’ equity.

                        The Company shall, based on the fair value of net identifiable assets of the investee
                        when the investment is made, recognize its attributable share of the net profits or
                        losses, other comprehensive income, and other changes in shareholders’ equity of the
                        investee after the adjustment made to the net profit and other comprehensive income
                        of the investee according to the accounting policies and accounting period adopted by
                        the Company.

                        The Company calculates its attributable but not realized profit or loss from internal
                        transactions between the Company and its associates or joint ventures based on its
                        attributable percentage and offset such profit or loss and recognizes the investment
                        income on that basis; however, businesses formed by assets invested or sold are
                        excluded. Unrealized losses from internal transactions between the Company and any
                        investee shall be recognized in full if they belong to the losses from asset impairment.




68
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
        3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses (Continued)
             (2)   Long-term equity investments accounted for under equity method (Continued)
                   For net losses on joint ventures or associates, apart from the obligation of assuming
                   the extra loss, the Company shall write down such losses with the book value of
                   long-term equity investments and the long-term equity where net investments in joint
                   ventures or associates have been formed substantially; and the maximum of such
                   losses shall be the sum of the book value and long-term equity mentioned above.
                   Where any joint venture or associate realize net profit in the future, the Company shall
                   recognize the income sharing amount when the unrecognized loss sharing amount is
                   offset with the income sharing amount.

            (3)    Disposal of long-term equity investments
                   For disposal of long-term equity investments, the difference between the book value
                   and the actual price shall be included in the current investment income.

                   For long-term equity investments with partial disposal accounting by the equity method,
                   where the remaining equity is still accounted for by the equity method, other
                   comprehensive income recognized originally upon the accounting by the equity method
                   shall be carried forward at the corresponding proportion on the basis same with that
                   for the direct disposal of relevant assets or liabilities by the investee, and other
                   changes in shareholders’ equity shall be carried forward to the current profit or loss in
                   proportion.

                   Where the Company loses the common control over or significant influence on the
                   investee on account of the disposal of equity investment and any other reason, when
                   the accounting by the equity method is terminated, other comprehensive income
                   recognized upon the accounting by the equity method from the original equity
                   investment shall be subject to the accounting treatment which is made on the basis
                   same with that for the direct disposal of relevant assets or liabilities by the investee,
                   and other changes in shareholders’ equity shall be transferred to the current profit or
                   loss in full.




                                                                                                          69
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.13 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
            3.13.3 Subsequent measurement and recognition of profits or losses (Continued)
                  (3)   Disposal of long-term equity investments (Continued)
                        Where the Company loses the control over the investee on account of the disposal of
                        partial equity and any other reason, at the preparation of any single financial
                        statements, if the remaining equity has the common control over or significant
                        influence on the investee, the accounting shall be made by the equity method, and an
                        adjustment shall be made as if the remaining equity was accounted for by the equity
                        method at acquisition; other comprehensive income recognized before the control over
                        the investee is obtained shall be carried forward on the basis same with that for the
                        direct disposal of relevant assets or liabilities by the investee, and other changes in
                        shareholders’ equity recognized on account of the accounting by the equity method
                        shall be carried forward to the current profit or loss in proportion; if the remaining
                        equity has no common control over or significant influence on the investee, relevant
                        financial assets shall be recognized, the difference between the fair value on the day of
                        losing control of such remaining equity and the book value of the same shall be
                        included in the current profit or loss, and other comprehensive income and other
                        changes in shareholders’ equity which have been recognized before the control over the
                        investee is obtained shall be carried forward in full.

                        Where the disposal of subsidiaries’ equity investments till the loss of control by stages
                        through multiple transactions belongs to a package deal, the accounting treatment
                        shall be made by taking each transaction as the transaction where the subsidiaries’
                        equity investments are disposed and the corresponding control is lost; before the loss
                        of control, the difference between the disposal price and the book value of the
                        long-term equity investment corresponding to the equity disposed shall be firstly
                        recognized as other comprehensive income in the individual financial statements, and at
                        the loss of control, all transferred to the profit or loss for the period when the control
                        is lost. Where the aforesaid disposal does not belong to a package deal, the accounting
                        treatment shall be made respectively for each transaction.




70
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.14 Investment properties
        Investment property is the property to earn rentals or for capital appreciation or both. Examples
        include leased land use right, land use right held for transfer upon appreciation, and leased
        building, (including buildings that have been constructed or developed for future lease out under
        operating leases, and buildings that are being constructed or developed for future lease out under
        operating leases).

        Subsequent expenditures related to investment properties are included in the costs of investment
        properties when relevant economic benefits are likely to flow in the Company and their costs can
        be measured reliably; otherwise, such subsequent expenditures shall be included in the current
        profit or loss when occur.

        The Company measures its existing investment property by using the cost model. For investment
        properties measured using the cost method — a building used for rental is subject to Company’s
        depreciation policy for fixed assets, and the land use right used for rental is subject to the
        amortization policy for intangible assets.

    3.15 Fixed assets
        3.15.1 Recognition criteria of fixed assets
             Fixed assets refer to tangible assets held for commodity production, rendering of services,
             renting or business management, with the useful lives over one year. Fixed assets are
             recognized when they simultaneously meet the following conditions:

             (1)   It is probable that the economic benefits relating to the fixed assets will flow into the
                   Company; and

             (2)   The costs of the fixed assets can be measured reliably.

             The initial measurement of fixed assets is made at cost (and by taking the impact of
             expected disposal costs).

             The subsequent expenditures relating to fixed assets are included in the costs of fixed
             assets when relevant economic benefits are likely to flow in the Company and their costs can
             be measured reliably; as for the party replaced, the book value thereof is derecognized; all
             other subsequent expenditures are included in the current profit or loss when they occur.




                                                                                                          71
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
            3.15.2 Depreciation method
                  The provision for depreciation of fixed assets is made by the straight-line method by
                  category. The depreciation rate is determined based on the category, estimated useful life
                  and estimated net residual value rate of fixed assets. For fixed assets where the provision
                  for impairment has been made, the depreciation amount in the future will be determined at
                  the book value of the fixed assets where the provision for impairment has been deducted,
                  based on the remaining useful life. Where the fixed assets have the components with
                  different useful lives or bring economic benefits for the enterprise in different ways, then the
                  Company should choose different depreciation rates or methods to separately make the
                  provision for depreciation.

                  The depreciation life, residual value rates and annual depreciation rates of fixed assets are
                  presented by category as follows:

                                                                                  Residual               Annual
                                                       Depreciation life         value rate    depreciation rate
                   Category                                     (Years)                 (%)                  (%)
                   Buildings and constructions                    10–35                 3.00          2.77–9.70
                   Transportation facilities                       5–10                 3.00         9.70–19.40
                   Machinery equipment                             3–10                 3.00         9.70–32.33
                   Electronic equipment                            3–11                 3.00         8.82–32.33
                   Office equipment                                 3–9                 3.00        10.78–32.33
                   Others                                           2–9                 3.00        10.78–48.50


            3.15.3 Disposal of fixed assets
                  When the fixed assets are disposed, or they are expected not to bring any economic interest
                  via use or disposal, such fixed assets will be derecognized. When the fixed asset is sold,
                  transferred, scrapped or damaged, the Company will include such disposal revenue,
                  deducting the book value and related taxes and surcharges thereof, in the current profit or
                  loss.




72
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.16 Construction in progress
        Construction in progress is measured at the actual cost incurred. The actual costs include
        building costs, installation costs, borrowing costs eligible for capitalization and other necessary
        expenditures to make the construction in progress achieve the working condition for its intended
        use. Constructions in progress are transferred to fixed assets when they reach the condition for its
        intended use, and the provision of depreciation will be provided since the next month. The
        standards and timing for transferring the company’s construction-in-progress to fixed assets are
        as follows:

        The physical construction (including installation) of the fixed asset has been completed or
        substantially completed.

        The amount of expenditure on fixed assets for this construction is very small or almost no longer
        occurs.

    3.17 Borrowing costs
        3.17.1 Recognition criteria of capitalization of borrowing costs
             The borrowing costs incurred to the Company and directly attributable to the acquisition and
             construction or production of assets eligible for capitalization should be capitalized and
             recorded into asset costs; other borrowing costs should be recognized as costs according to
             the amount incurred and be included into the current profit or loss.

             Assets eligible for capitalization refer to fixed assets, investment property, inventories and
             other assets which may reach their intended use or sale status only after long-time
             acquisition and construction or production activities.

        3.17.2 Capitalization period for borrowing costs
             Capitalization period refers to the period from the beginning of capitalization to the cease of
             capitalization, excluding the period of capitalization suspension of borrowing costs.

             Borrowing costs may be capitalized only when all the following conditions are met:

             (1)   Asset expenses, which include those incurred by cash payment, the transfer of non-cash
                   assets or the undertaking of interest-bearing debts for acquiring and constructing or
                   producing assets eligible for capitalization, have already been incurred;

             (2)   Borrowing costs have already been incurred;

             (3)   The acquisition and construction or production activities which are necessary to prepare
                   the assets for their intended use or sale have already been started.




                                                                                                          73
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.17 Borrowing costs (Continued)
            3.17.2 Capitalization period for borrowing costs (Continued)
                  Capitalization of borrowing costs should be ceased when the acquired and constructed or
                  produced assets eligible for capitalization have reached their intended use or sale status.

            3.17.3 Period of capitalization suspension
                  If the acquisition and construction or production activities of assets eligible for capitalization
                  are abnormally interrupted and such condition lasts for more than three months, the
                  capitalization of borrowing costs should be suspended; if the interruption is necessary
                  procedures for the acquired, the constructed or produced assets eligible for capitalization to
                  reach the working conditions for its intended use or sale, the borrowing costs continue to be
                  capitalized. Borrowing costs incurred during the interruption are recognized as the current
                  profit or loss and continue to be capitalized until the acquisition, construction or production
                  of the assets restarts.

            3.17.4 Measurement of capitalization rate and capitalized amounts of borrowing costs
                  As for special borrowings borrowed for acquiring and constructing or producing assets
                  eligible for capitalization, borrowing costs of special borrowing actually incurred in the
                  current period less the interest income of the borrowings unused and deposited in bank or
                  return on temporary investment should be recognized as the capitalization amount of
                  borrowing costs.

                  As for general borrowings used for acquiring and constructing or producing assets eligible
                  for capitalization, the amount of general borrowings to be capitalized should be calculated by
                  multiplying the weighted average of asset disbursements of the part of accumulated asset
                  disbursements exceeding special borrowings by the capitalization rate of used general
                  borrowings. The capitalization rate is calculated by weighted average interest rate of general
                  borrowings.

                  During the capitalization period, exchange differences of principal and interest on foreign
                  currency special borrowings shall be capitalized and included in the cost of assets eligible
                  for capitalization. Exchange differences arising from the principal and interest on foreign
                  currency borrowings other than foreign currency special borrowings are recognized in the
                  current profit or loss.




74
                                                                                           Interim Report 2025



                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.18 Intangible assets
        3.18.1 Measurement of intangible assets
             (1)   The Company initially measures intangible assets at cost on acquisition
                   The costs of externally acquired intangible assets comprise their purchase prices,
                   related taxes and surcharges and any other directly attributable expenditure incurred to
                   prepare the assets for their intended use.

             (2)   Subsequent measurement
                   The useful lives of the intangible assets are analyzed and determined on acquisition.

                   As for intangible assets with limited useful life, straight-line amortization method is
                   adopted in the period when the intangible assets generate economic benefit for
                   enterprise; if the period when the intangible assets generate economic benefit for
                   enterprise cannot be forecasted, the intangible assets should be deemed as those with
                   indefinite useful life and should not be amortized.

        3.18.2 Estimate of the useful life of the intangible assets with definite useful lives


                                           Estimated      Amortization         Residual
               Item                        useful live    method               rate (%)    Basis
               Data resources              3–5 years      Straight-line            0.00    Period of benefit
               Land use rights             40–50 years    Straight-line            0.00    Useful life
               Software                    3–5 years      Straight-line            0.00    Period of benefit
               Non-patented technology     5 years        Straight-line            0.00    Period of benefit


        3.18.3 Determination basis and procedure for review of useful life for intangible assets with
               indefinite useful life
             As at the balance sheet date, the Group has no intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.

        3.18.4 Scope of collection of research and development expenditures
             Expenditures incurred by the Company during the research and development process include
             relevant employee salaries, consumed materials, related depreciation and amortization
             expenses and other related expenses for personnel engaged in research and development
             activities.




                                                                                                           75
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.18 Intangible assets (Continued)
            3.18.5 Specific criteria for classifying research and development stages
                  The Company’s expenses for its internal research and development projects are classified
                  into research expenses and development expenses.

                  Research stage: Research stage is the stage when creative and planned investigation and
                  research activities are conducted to acquire and understand new scientific or technological
                  knowledge.

                  Development stage: Development stage is the stage when the research achievements and
                  other knowledge are applied to a plan or design, prior to the commercial production or use,
                  so as to produce any new or substantially improved material, device or product.

            3.18.6 Criteria for capitalization of development expenditures
                  The research expenditure is included in the current profit or loss when it occurs. The
                  development expenditure is recognized as intangible assets when it meets the following
                  conditions at the same time, and is included in the current profit or loss when it fails to
                  meet the following conditions:

                  (1)   It is feasible technically to finish intangible assets for use or sale;

                  (2)   It is intended to finish and use or sell the intangible asset;

                  (3)   The ways how the intangible assets generate economic benefits include the way where
                        it is able to prove that the products made by using the intangible assets exist a market
                        or that the intangible assets themselves have the market, and the way where the
                        serviceability of the intangible assets can be proved in case they are used internally;

                  (4)   It is able to finish the development of the intangible assets and to use or sell the same
                        with the support of sufficient technologies, financial resources and other resources;

                  (5)   The expenditure attributable to the intangible assets during its development phase can
                        be measured reliably.

                  If the research expenditure and development expenditure are indistinguishable, all research
                  and development expenditures incurred will be included in the current profit or loss.




76
                                                                                              Interim Report 2025



                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.19 Long-term assets impairment
        Where there are indications of impairment on long-term equity investments, investment property
        measured with cost model, fixed assets, construction in progress, intangible assets with definite
        useful lives, productive biological assets and other long-term assets at the end of the reporting
        period, impairment test should be made. Where the result of the impairment test shows that the
        recoverable amount of the asset is lower than its book value, the provision for impairment shall
        be made based on the differences and included in impairment loss. The recoverable amounts of
        intangible assets are the higher of their fair values less costs to sell and the present values of the
        future cash flows expected to be derived from the assets. Provision for impairment of fixed assets
        is made on individual asset basis. If it is difficult to estimate the recoverable amount of the
        individual asset, the Company shall estimate the recoverable amount of the asset portfolio that the
        individual asset belongs to. The asset group is the minimum asset group that can independently
        generate the cash inflow.

        For goodwill resulting from business combinations, intangible assets with uncertain useful lives,
        and intangible assets that have not yet reached serviceable condition, regardless of whether there
        are signs of impairment, at least at the end of each year, the impairment test is carried out at the
        end of each year.

        The Company conducts goodwill impairment tests and apportions the carrying amount of goodwill
        resulting from business combinations to the relevant asset groups in a reasonable manner from
        the date of purchase; if it is difficult to allocate to related asset groups, it will be allocated to the
        related asset group combination. The associated asset group or combination of asset groups is the
        asset group or combination of asset groups that can benefit from the synergies of the business
        combination.

        When conducting an impairment test on a group or combination of assets containing goodwill, if
        there are signs of impairment in the asset group or portfolio of asset groups related to goodwill,
        the impairment test is first carried out on the asset group or asset group combination that does
        not contain goodwill, the recoverable amount is calculated, and the corresponding impairment loss
        is recognized by comparing it with the relevant carrying value. Then, the impairment test is
        carried out on the asset group or asset group combination containing goodwill, and the carrying
        amount is compared with the recoverable amount, if the recoverable amount is lower than the
        book value, the amount of impairment loss is first offset against the carrying value of the goodwill
        allocated to the asset group or asset group combination, and then the carrying value of the other
        assets is proportionally offset according to the proportion of the carrying value of the assets other
        than goodwill in the asset group or asset group combination.

        The losses from impairment of the above assets cannot be reversed in subsequent accounting
        periods once recognized.




                                                                                                              77
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.20 Long-term deferred expenses
            Long-term deferred expenses refer to various expenses which have been already incurred but will
            be borne in current and future reporting periods with an amortization period of over one year.

      3.21 Contract liabilities
            According to the relationship between the performance of obligations and the customer payment,
            the Company presents contract assets or contract liabilities in the balance sheet. The Company’s
            obligations in transferring goods or rendering services to customers on the ground that it has
            received or will receive relevant considerations from these customers are presented as contract
            liabilities. Contractual assets and contractual liabilities under the same contract should be
            presented at net amount.

      3.22 Employee benefits
            3.22.1 Accounting treatment of short-term compensation
                  During the accounting period when employees serve the Company, the actual short-term
                  compensation is recognized as liabilities and included in current profit or loss or costs
                  associated with assets.

                  The social insurance premiums and the housing provident fund paid by the Company for its
                  employees, together with the labor union expenditures and employee education fund drew as
                  required are used to calculate and determine the relevant employee compensation amount
                  based on the prescribed accrual basis and accrual proportion during the accounting period in
                  which the employees provide services to the Company.

                  The employee welfare occurring in the Company shall be include in the current profit or loss
                  or the related asset costs according to the actual amount when actually occurring, among
                  them, non-monetary benefits are measured at the fair value.

            3.22.2 Accounting treatment of post-employment benefits
                 (1)   Defined contribution plan
                        The Company pays the basic endowment insurance premiums and unemployment
                        insurance for employees according to the relevant provisions of the local governments.
                        During the accounting period when employees serve the Company, the paid amount
                        which is calculated based on the payment base and proportion as stipulated in the
                        provisions of the local place is recognized as liabilities and included in current profit or
                        loss or related asset costs. In addition, the Company also participates in the enterprise
                        annuity plans/supplementary pension funds approved by the relevant state authorities.
                        The Company makes payments to the annuity plans or local social insurance
                        institutions in a certain proportion to the total employee wage, with corresponding
                        expenses included in the current profit or loss or related asset costs.




78
                                                                                            Interim Report 2025



                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.22 Employee benefits (Continued)
        3.22.2 Accounting treatment of post-employment benefits (Continued)
             (2)   Defined benefit plans
                   According to the formula determined based on expected cumulative unit method, the
                   Company will set the period that the welfare obligations deriving from the defined
                   benefit plan, which will be included in current profit or loss or assets-related cost.

                   A net liability or net asset in connection with the defined benefit plan is recognized at
                   the present value of the obligation under the defined benefit plan less the deficit or
                   surplus arising out of the fair value of the assets under the defined benefit plan. For a
                   surplus of defined benefit plans, the Company should measure the net asset of such
                   defined benefit plans at the lower of the surplus of such defined benefit plans and
                   asset upper limit thereof.

                   Obligations under the defined benefit plan, including the payment obligation that is
                   expected to be done within 12 months following the annual reporting period when the
                   employees serve for the Company, are discounted at the market yield of the national
                   debt matching with the obligatory term of the defined benefit plan and the currency on
                   the balance sheet date or the bonds of the high-quality companies in the active market.

                   The service costs of the defined benefit plan and net interest on the net liabilities or net
                   assets in respect of the defined benefit plan are included in the current profit or loss
                   or assets-related costs; changes in the re-measurement of net liabilities or net assets
                   under the defined benefit plans should be included in other comprehensive income and
                   should not be reversed in subsequent accounting periods. When the original defined
                   benefit plan terminates, the portion originally included in other comprehensive income
                   will all be transferred to the undistributed profits.

                   For the settlement of the defined benefit plan, the balance between the present value
                   and the settlement price in regard to the defined benefit plan confirmed on the
                   settlement date is recognized and settled as gains or losses.

        3.22.3 Accounting treatment of dismissal benefits
             Where the Company provides dismissal welfare to employees, employee benefits incurred
             from dismissal benefits are recognized as liabilities and recorded into the current profit and
             loss at the earlier date of: when the Company is unable to unilaterally withdraw the
             dismissal benefits provided in the plan on the cancellation of labor relationship or the layoff
             proposal; when the Company recognizes the cost related to restructuring concerning
             payment of dismissal benefits.




                                                                                                            79
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.23 Estimated liabilities
            When an obligation relating to a contingency meets all the following conditions at the same time,it
            will be recognized as an estimated liability by the Company:

            (1)   Such obligation is a present obligation of the Company;

            (2)   The performance of such obligation is likely to result in outflow of economic benefits from the
                  Company;

            (3)   The amount of the obligation can be measured reliably.

            Estimated liabilities of the Company are initially measured as the best estimate of expenses
            required for the performance of relevant present obligations.

            When determining the best estimates, the Company comprehensively considers the risks,
            uncertainties, time value of money, and other factors relating to the contingencies. If the time
            value of money is significant, the best estimates shall be determined after discount of relevant
            future cash outflows.

            If there is continuous range for the necessary expenses, and probabilities of occurrence of all the
            outcomes within this range are equal, the best estimate will be determined at the intermediate
            value; in other cases, the best estimate is subject to the treatment for the following
            circumstances:

           •      If contingencies are involved with single project, the estimate will be determined based on the
                  amount which is most likely to occur.

           •      If contingencies are involved with several projects, the estimate will be determined based on
                  various possible results and relevant probabilities.

            If all or part of the expenses necessary for liquidating estimated liabilities are expected to be
            compensated by a third party, the compensation will be separately recognized as assets when it is
            virtually certain that the compensation will be received. The compensation recognized should not
            exceed the book value of estimated liabilities.

            The Company reviews the book value of estimated liabilities on the balance sheet date. If there is
            unambiguous evidence indicating that such book value cannot reflect the current best estimate,
            such book value will be adjusted based on the current best estimate.




80
                                                                                         Interim Report 2025



                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.24 Share-based payments
        The Company’s share-based payments are transactions in which the Company grants equity
        instruments or undertakes equity-instrument-based liabilities in return for services from
        employees or other parties. The share-based payments of the Company consist of equity-settled
        share-based payments and cash-settled share-based payments.

        3.24.1 Equity-settled share-based payment and equity instruments
             Where the Company acquires services rendered by employees via the equity-settled
             share-based payment, such payment should be calculated at the fair value of equity
             instruments granted to employees. The Company includes the share-based payment for which
             relevant right can be exercised subsequent to the grant of equity instruments in relevant
             costs or expenses on the grant date at the fair value of equity instruments and increases
             capital reserves accordingly. For the share-based payment for which relevant right can be
             exercised after the grant of equity instruments only when the services during the waiting
             period are completed or the specified performance conditions are met, on each balance
             sheet date within the waiting period, the Company, based on the best estimate of the
             quantity of equity instruments where relevant rights can be exercised, includes the services
             acquired during that period in relevant costs or expenses at the fair value on the grant date,
             and increases capital reserves accordingly.

             In case any clause on the equity-settled share-based payment has been modified, services
             acquired should be recognized as if such clause has not been modified. In addition, the
             increase in services acquired should be recognized in case of any increase to the fair value
             of equity instruments granted or any change favorable to employees on the date of
             increasing such fair value.

             During the waiting period, if any equity instrument granted is canceled, the Company will
             accelerate the right exercise relevant to the equity instrument canceled, immediately include
             the amount which should be recognized during the remaining waiting period in the current
             profit or loss, and recognize capital reserves at the same time. However, if any new equity
             instrument is granted and on the date of granting such new equity instrument, it is affirmed
             that such new equity instrument can replace the canceled one, the treatment for such new
             equity instrument will be made in the way for modifying terms and conditions of the original
             equity instrument.




                                                                                                         81
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.24 Share-based payments (Continued)
            3.24.2 Cash-settled share-based payment and equity instruments
                  Cash-settled share-based payment is measured at the fair value of the liability which is
                  assumed by the Company and calculated based on share or other equity instrument. The
                  Company includes the share-based payment for which relevant right can be exercised
                  subsequent to the grant of equity instruments in relevant costs or expenses on the grant
                  date at the fair value of the liability it assumes, and increase liabilities accordingly. For the
                  share-based payment for which relevant right can be exercised after the grant of equity
                  instruments only when the services during the waiting period are completed or the specified
                  performance conditions are met, on each balance sheet date within the waiting period, the
                  Company, based on the best estimate on the situation of exercising relevant right, includes
                  the services acquired during that period in relevant costs or expenses and in liabilities
                  according, at the fair value of the liability the Company assumes. On each balance sheet date
                  and settlement date prior to the settlement of relevant liabilities, the fair value of liability
                  should be remeasured through the current profit or loss.

                  The Company amends the terms and conditions of the cash-settled share-based payment
                  agreement so that it is paid in equity-settled shares, and on the modification date (whether
                  occurring during or after the end of the waiting period), the Company measures the
                  equity-settled share payments at the fair value of the equity instrument on the date of grant,
                  includes the services obtained in the capital reserve, and derecognizes the cash-settled
                  share-based payment of the recognized liabilities on the modification date, the difference
                  between which is recognized in profit or loss for the period. If the waiting period is extended
                  or shortened due to the amendment, the Company will account for the revised waiting
                  period.

      3.25 Revenue
            3.25.1 Accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement
                  If the Company fulfills its performance obligations in a contract, it will recognize revenue
                  when relevant customer obtains right of control over relevant goods or services. Obtaining
                  the right of control over relevant goods or services means that the customer is able to make
                  decisions on the use of the goods or the rendering of the services, and can obtain almost all
                  of the economic benefits therefrom.

                  If two or more performance obligations are covered in the contract, on the contract
                  commencement date, the transaction price will be amortized to individual performance
                  obligation based on the relative proportion of the individual selling price of goods or services
                  involved in the individual performance obligation. The Company measures revenue at the
                  transaction price amortized to individual performance obligation.




82
                                                                                        Interim Report 2025



                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.25 Revenue (Continued)
        3.25.1 Accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement (Continued)
             The transaction price refers to the amount of consideration the Company is expected to have
             the right to take on account of the transfer of goods or services to the customer, excluding
             the payments charged by any third party and the payments expected to be refunded to the
             customer. The Company determines the transaction price according to the contract terms
             and in light of its previous regular practice, in the meantime, factors such as variable
             consideration, significant financing composition existing in the contract, non-cash
             consideration, and consideration payable to customers will be taken into account. The
             Company determines the transaction price involving the variable consideration at the amount
             that should not exceed the amount of accumulatively recognized revenue that is highly
             unlikely to have a major reversal when relevant uncertainty is eliminated. If the significant
             financing component in covered in the contract, the Company will determine the transaction
             price based on the amount of cash payable at once by the customer when the customer
             acquires the right of control over goods or services, as assumed, and amortize the
             difference between such transaction price and the contract price by the effective interest
             method during the contract period.

             The obligation performance belongs to certain period in case one of the following conditions
             is met; otherwise, it belongs to certain time-point:

             •    The customer obtains and consumes the economic benefits brought by the performance
                  of the Company while the Company is performing the obligation.

             •    Customers are able to control the goods under construction by the Company in the course
                  of performing obligations.

             •    The Goods produced in the course of performing obligations have irreplaceable uses,
                  and the Company has the right to receive payments for the portion of the performance
                  that has been completed to date.

             For a performance obligation to be performed within a certain period, the Company
             recognizes the revenue according to the performance progress during such period, except for
             the case that the performance progress cannot be reasonably determined. The Company may
             determine the performance progress by the output method or input method based on the
             nature of goods or service. When the performance progress cannot be reasonably
             determined, if the cost incurred is expected to be compensated, the revenue will be
             recognized by the Company at the amount of the cost incurred until the performance
             progress can be reasonably determined.




                                                                                                        83
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.25 Revenue (Continued)
            3.25.1 Accounting policies adopted for revenue recognition and measurement (Continued)
                  The revenue from obligation performance belonging to certain time-point is recognized by the
                  Company when the customer has acquired the right of control over relevant goods or
                  services. The Company will consider the following signs when judging whether the customer
                  has acquired the right of control over relevant goods or services:

                 •      The customer has the current payment obligation for such goods or service, i.e. the
                        Company enjoys the current right to collect the payment for such goods or service.

                 •      The Company has transferred the legal ownership of such goods to the customer, i.e.
                        the customer possesses the legal ownership of such goods.

                 •      The Company has transferred goods to the customer in kind, i.e. the customer has
                        possessed such goods in kind.

                 •      The substantial risks and rewards of the ownership of such goods have been transferred
                        by the Company to the customer, i.e. the customer has acquired the substantial risks
                        and rewards of the ownership of such goods.

                 •      The customer has accepted such goods or services, etc.

                  The Company determines whether its status is that of a principally liable person or an agent
                  at the time of engaging in a transaction based on whether it has control over the goods or
                  services prior to transferring them to the customer. If the Company is able to control the
                  goods or services prior to transferring them to the customer, the Company is the principal
                  and recognizes revenue based on the total consideration received or receivable; otherwise,
                  the Company is the agent and recognizes revenue based on the amount of commissions or
                  fees it expects to be entitled to receive.




84
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.25 Revenue (Continued)
        3.25.2 Disclosure of specific revenue recognition and measurement methods by type of business
             Business revenues of the Company mainly come from information technology services for
             civil aviation, settlement and clearing service, data network service, system integration
             service and technology service, etc. In which, revenues from rendering information
             technology service for civil aviation, settlement and clearing service, data network services
             and technology service are recognized monthly in the course of rendering these services; the
             revenue from system integration service is recognized upon the acceptance inspection by the
             customer as the project work time is generally short. In the system integration project, if the
             commitment that the installation service will be rendered after the equipment delivery is
             given to the customer, and the installation service does not have significant impact on the
             equipment, the revenue recognition will be made by stages based on two obligation
             performance, i.e., sales of equipment and rendering of installation service. The revenue
             recognition for sales of equipment is made after the equipment delivery and acceptance
             inspection, and that for installation service is made after the customer fully completes the
             acceptance inspection.

    3.26 Contract costs
        Contract costs include the contract performance cost and the contract acquisition cost.

        The Company’s cost on contract performance does not belong to scope of standards for
        inventories, fixed assets or intangible assets, and is recognized as an asset when it meets the
        following conditions:

        •    Such cost is directly relevant to the contract which has been or is expected to be acquired.

        •    Such cost increases the resource which will be used by the Company for obligation
             performance.

        •    Such cost is expected to be recoverable.

        If the incremental cost incurred in the Company on account of contract acquisition is expected to
        be recoverable, it, as the contract acquisition cost, will be recognized as an asset.

        Assets related to contract cost are amortized on the basis for the recognition of revenue from
        goods or services relevant to such assets; however, if the amortization period of contract
        acquisition cost is less than one year, the Company will include such cost in the current profit or
        loss when it occurs.




                                                                                                          85
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.26 Contract costs (Continued)
            If the book value of the assets related to contract cost is higher than the difference between the
            following two items, the Company will make the provision for impairment of the exceeding part,
            and recognize it as the loss from impairment of assets.

            1.    The remaining consideration expected to be obtained on account of the transfer of goods or
                  services related to the assets;

            2.    The cost that is expected to be incurred for the purpose of transferring relevant goods or
                  services.

            If the factors causing the impairment in the previous period change, resulting that the
            above-mentioned difference is higher than the book value of such assets, the Company will
            reverse the provision for impairment which has been made originally, and include it in the current
            profit or loss; however, the book value of assets reversed should not exceed the book value of
            such assets on the reversal date as if no provision for impairment has been made.

      3.27 Government grants
            3.27.1 Type
                  Government grants are monetary assets and non-monetary assets freely obtained by the
                  Company from the government. Government grants are classified into asset-related
                  government grants and income-related government grants.

                  Asset-related government grants refer to government grants obtained by the Company for
                  forming long-term assets by acquisition, construction or other manners. Income-related
                  government grants refer to government grants excluding the asset-related government
                  grants.

            3.27.2 Timing of recognition
                  Government grants are recognized when the Company can meet all conditions attached
                  thereto and is able to obtain such grants.




86
                                                                                         Interim Report 2025



                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.27 Government grants (Continued)
        3.27.3 Accounting treatment
             Asset-related government grants are used to offset the book value of relevant assets or
             recognized as deferred income. If such grants are recognized as the deferred income, they
             will be included in the current profit or loss by reasonable and systematic methods within
             useful lives of related assets (if such grants are relevant to routine activities of the
             Company, they will be included in other income; if such grants are irrelevant to routine
             activities of the Company, they will be included in non-operating income);

             Income-related government grants to be used as compensation for future expenses or losses
             are recognized as deferred income and are recorded in current profit or loss where the
             relevant expenses or losses are recognized (if they are related to daily activities of the
             Company, they will be included into other income; otherwise, they will be included in
             non-operating income) or set off the related expenses or losses; those to be used as
             compensation for incurred expenses or losses are recorded in current profit or loss (if they
             are related to daily activities of the Company, they will be included into other income;
             otherwise, they will be included in non-operating income) or will set off the related expenses
             or losses.

             The interest subsidies of policy-based preferential loans obtained by the Company are subject
             to the following accounting treatments according to two situations:

             (1)   When the finance department appropriates the interest subsidies to the lending bank,
                   and the lending bank provides the loan at the policy-based preferential interest rate to
                   the Company, the Company will take the book-entry value at the loan amount actually
                   received, and relevant loan expenses are calculated based on the principal of the loan
                   and the policy-based preferential interest rate.

             (2)   Where the finance department directly appropriates the interest subsidies to the
                   Company, the Company will use the corresponding interest subsidies to offset related
                   borrowing costs.




                                                                                                         87
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.28 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
            Income tax includes the current income tax and deferred income tax. Except for the income tax in
            the transactions or matters of business combination and directly including relevant items in the
            owners’ equity (including other comprehensive income), the Company includes the current income
            tax and deferred income tax in the current profit or loss.

            The deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are calculated and recognized
            based on the differences (temporary differences) between the tax bases of assets and liabilities
            and the book values of the same.

            Deferred income tax assets are recognized at deductible temporary differences to the extent that
            it shall not exceed the taxable income probably obtained in future period and used to deduct the
            deductible temporary differences. For deductible losses and tax credits that can be carried
            forward to subsequent periods, deferred income tax assets arising therefrom are recognized to the
            extent of the taxable income probably obtained in future period that can be used for deducting the
            deductible losses and tax credits.

            Taxable temporary differences are recognized as deferred income tax liabilities except in special
            circumstances.

            Special situations where the deferred income tax assets or deferred income tax liabilities are not
            recognized include:

           •      Assets/liabilities arising from initial recognition of goodwill;

           •      Assets/liabilities arising from the transactions or events other than the business combinations
                  which, at the occurrence time, do not affect the accounting profits or the taxable profits (or
                  deductible losses), and the initial recognition of assets and liabilities does not result in
                  transactions or events that give rise to taxable temporary differences and deductible
                  temporary differences of equal amounts.

            Taxable temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
            are recognized as deferred income tax liabilities; unless the Company is able to control the time
            for reversing such temporary differences and such temporary differences are unlikely to be
            reversed in the foreseeable future. For the deductible temporary differences related to
            investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, the deferred income tax assets are
            recognized when the temporary differences may be reversed in the foreseeable future and they
            are likely to be obtained to offset the taxable income of deductible temporary differences in the
            future.




88
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.28 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
        On the balance sheet date, the deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are
        measured at the tax rates applicable to the period where relevant assets are expected to be
        recovered or relevant liabilities are expected to be discharged, according to the tax law.

        On the balance sheet date, the Company reviews the book value of deferred income tax assets. If
        it is unlikely to obtain sufficient taxable income in the future to offset against the benefit of
        deferred income tax assets, the book value of deferred income tax assets will be written down. If
        it is likely to obtain sufficient taxable income, the book value of deferred tax assets written down
        will be recovered.

        If the Company has the legal right to settle in net amounts and intends to settle in net amount or
        to obtain assets and discharge liabilities simultaneously, the current tax assets and current tax
        liabilities of the Company shall be presented based on the net amount after offset.

        On the balance sheet date, deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities
        simultaneously meeting the following conditions are presented by net amount after offset:

        •    The taxpayer has the legal right to settle the current income tax assets and current income
             tax liabilities by net amount;

        •    Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are related to the income tax
             which are imposed on the same taxpayer by the same tax collection authority or to different
             taxpayers, but, in each important future period in connection with the reversal of deferred
             income tax assets and liabilities, the involved taxpayers intend to settle the current income
             tax assets and current income tax liabilities with net amount or to obtain assets and
             discharge liabilities simultaneously.

    3.29 Lease
        Lease refers to a contract in which a lessor assigns the right to use an asset to a lessee within a
        certain period of time in order to obtain consideration. On the contract commencement date, the
        Company evaluates whether the contract is a lease or includes a lease. If a party to a contract
        transfers the right to control the use of one or more identified assets within a certain period in
        exchange for consideration, the contract shall be a lease or include a lease.

        If the contract contains multiple individual leases, the Company will split the contract and make
        accounting treatment over each individual lease. If the contract contains both leased and
        non-leased parts, the lessee and lessor will split the leased and non-leased parts.




                                                                                                          89
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.29 Lease (Continued)
            3.29.1 The Company as lessee
                 3.29.1.1 Right-of-use assets
                        At the commencement date, the Company recognize the right-of-use asset for leases
                        other than short-term leases and low-value asset leases. Right-of-use assets are
                        initially measured at cost. This cost includes:

                       •       the initial measurement amount of lease liabilities;

                       •       in case of any lease incentives, relevant amount of the lease incentives enjoyed
                               shall be deducted from the lease payment paid on or before the commencement
                               date of the lease term;

                       •       the initial direct costs incurred of the Company;

                       •       the costs incurred of the Company for demolishing and removing leased assets,
                               restoring the site where the leased assets are located, or restoring the leased
                               assets to the state agreed in the lease terms, but excluding the cost incurred for
                               inventory production.

                        The Company subsequently adopts the straight-line-method to make the provision for
                        the depreciation of the right-of-use assets. If it can be reasonably determined that the
                        ownership of the leased asset will be obtained at the expiration of the lease term, the
                        Company shall accrue depreciation within the remaining useful life of the leased asset;
                        otherwise, the leased assets should be depreciated over the shorter of the lease term
                        or the remaining useful life of the leased assets.

                        The Company determines whether the right-to-use assets have been impaired or not
                        according to the principle described in “3.19 Impairment of long-term assets” in this
                        note, and make the accounting treatment for the identified impairment losses.




90
                                                                                           Interim Report 2025



                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
             3.29.1.2 Lease liabilities
                   As at the beginning of the lease period, the Company recognizes the leases other than
                   short-term leases and leases of low-value assets as lease liabilities. Lease liabilities
                   are initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that have not been
                   paid. Lease payments include:

                   •      for fixed payments (including substantial fixed payments), if there is any lease
                          incentive, the relevant amount of the lease incentive shall be deducted;

                   •      variable lease payments depending on the index or ratio;

                   •      the payments expected to be payable based on the residual value of the guarantee
                          provided by the Company;

                   •      exercise price of purchase option, provided that the Company reasonably determines
                          that it will exercise the option;

                   •      the amount to be paid to exercise the lease termination option, provided that it is
                          reflected that the Company will exercise the lease termination option during the
                          lease period.

                   The Company adopts the implicit rate of lease as the discount rate, but if the implicit
                   rate of lease cannot be reasonably determined, the incremental borrowing rate will be
                   adopted as the discount rate.

                   The Company calculates the interest expenses of lease liabilities in each lease term
                   based on a fixed periodic interest rate, and includes such expenses into the current
                   profit or loss or the cost of related assets.

                   The variable lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities shall
                   be included in the current profit or loss or the costs of related assets when they
                   actually occur.




                                                                                                           91
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.29 Lease (Continued)
            3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
                 3.29.1.2 Lease liabilities (Continued)
                        After the commencement date of the lease term, under any of the following
                        circumstances, the Company will re-measure the lease liabilities and adjust the
                        corresponding right-of-use assets; if the book value of the right-of-use assets has been
                        reduced to zero and further reduction of lease liabilities is still required, the difference
                        will be included in the current profit or loss:

                       •       In case of any change in the evaluation results of the purchase option, lease renewal
                               option or termination option, or any inconsistency between the actual exercise of
                               the aforesaid options and the original evaluation results, the Company will
                               re-measure lease liabilities according to the present value calculated by the
                               changed lease payments and the revised discount rate;

                       •       In case of any change in the substantial fixed payments, the estimated payable
                               amount based on the residual value of the guarantee, or in the index or ratio used
                               to determine lease payments, the Company will re-measure lease liabilities
                               according to the present value calculated by the changed lease payments and the
                               original discount rate. However, if the change of lease payment is caused by the
                               change of floating interest rate, the revised discount rate is used to calculate the
                               present value.

                 3.29.1.3 Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
                        The Company chooses not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for
                        short-term leases and leases of low-value assets, and the relevant lease payments are
                        included in the current profit or loss or the cost of related assets by straight-line
                        method over each period within the lease term. Short-term leases refer to leases that
                        do not exceed 12 months on the commencement date of the lease period and do not
                        include any purchase option. Low-value asset lease refers to the lease of a single lease
                        asset with lower value when it is brand new. The company regards the lease of a
                        single leased asset with a value of no more than RMB35,000.00 as a new asset as a
                        low-value asset lease. For the lease asset subleased by the Company subleases or
                        expected to be subleased, the original lease is not a lease of low-value assets.




92
                                                                                           Interim Report 2025



                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.1 The Company as lessee (Continued)
             3.29.1.4 Lease changes
                   If the lease changes and the following conditions are met at the same time, the
                   Company will carry out accounting treatment over the lease change as a separate
                   lease:

                   —    where the lease change expands the scope of the lease by adding the right to use
                        one or more leased assets;

                   —    where the increase of the consideration is equivalent to the adjusted individual price
                        of the expanded part of the lease scope according to the contract.

                   Where the lease change is not accounted for as a separate lease, on the effective date
                   of the lease change, the Company will re-distribute the consideration of the contract
                   after the change, re-determine the lease period, and re-measure lease liabilities
                   according to the present value calculated by the changed lease payments and the
                   revised discount rate.

                   If the lease change causes the lease scope to be reduced or the lease term to be
                   shortened, the Company shall correspondingly reduce the book value of the
                   right-to-use assets, and include the related gains or losses of partial or complete
                   termination of the lease in the current profit or loss. Where other lease changes lead
                   to re-measurement of lease liabilities, the Company will adjust the book value of the
                   right-of-use assets accordingly.

        3.29.2 The Company as lessor
             Leases of the Company are classified as finance lease and operating lease on the lease
             commence date. Lease under which almost all the risks and rewards relevant to the
             ownership of leased assets are materially transferred is recognized as finance lease,
             regardless of whether the ownership is ultimately transferred. Operating lease refers to the
             leases other than finance lease. When the Company is a sub-lessor, it classifies the
             sub-leases based on the right-of-use assets generated by the original lease.




                                                                                                           93
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.29 Lease (Continued)
            3.29.2 The Company as lessor (Continued)
                 3.29.2.1 Accounting treatment of operating leases
                        Rental from the operating lease in each stage during the rental period should be
                        recognized as the lease income by the straight-line method. Initial direct costs relating
                        to operating lease incurred by the Company are capitalized, and shall be included in the
                        current profit or loss on the same basis as the recognition of lease income during the
                        lease term. The variable lease payable that is not included in the lease receivable shall
                        be included in the current profit or loss at the time of actual occurrence. In case of any
                        change in the operating lease, the Company will make the accounting treatment for it
                        as a new lease from the effective date of the change, and the amount received in
                        advance or lease receivables before the change will be regarded as the receivables
                        from the new lease.

                 3.29.2.2 Accounting treatment of finance lease
                        On the lease commencement date, the Company recognizes finance lease receivables
                        for financing leases and derecognizes finance lease assets. When the Company
                        conducts the initial measurement of finance lease receivables, the net lease investment
                        is adopted as the entry value of the finance lease receivables. The net lease investment
                        is the sum of the unguaranteed residual value and the present value of the lease
                        payments that have not been received at the beginning of the lease term and
                        discounted at the interest rate included in the lease.

                        The Company calculates and recognizes the interest expenses in each lease term based
                        on a fixed periodic interest rate. The derecognition and impairment of finance lease
                        receivables shall be accounted for in accordance with “3. 9 Financial instruments”
                        herein.

                        The variable lease payable that is not included in the net lease investment for
                        measurement shall be included in the current profit or loss at the time of actual
                        occurrence.

                        If the finance lease changes and the following conditions are met at the same time, the
                        Company will carry out accounting treatments over the change as a separate lease:

                       •       where the change expands the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one
                               or more leased assets;

                       •       where the increase of the consideration is equivalent to the adjusted individual price
                               of the expanded part of the lease scope according to the contract.




94
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.29 Lease (Continued)
        3.29.2 The Company as lessor (Continued)
             3.29.2.2 Accounting treatment of finance lease (Continued)
                   Where the change of finance lease is not accounted for as a separate lease, the
                   Company will treat the changed lease according to the following circumstances:

                   •     If the change comes into effect on the lease commencement date, the lease will
                         be classified as an operating lease. The Company will start making accounting
                         treatment for it as a new lease from the effective date of the lease change, and
                         regard the net lease investment before the effective date of the lease change as
                         the book value of the leased assets;

                   •     If the change comes into effect on the lease commencement date, the lease will
                         be classified as a finance lease, and the Company will conduct accounting
                         treatment according to the policy on modifying or renegotiating the contract in“3.9
                         Financial instruments” of this note.

        3.29.3 Sale-and-leaseback deals
             The Company evaluates and determines whether the transfer of assets in the
             sale-and-leaseback transaction is a sale in accordance with the principles described in “3.25
             Revenue” herein.

             3.29.3.1 As the lessee
                   If the asset transfer in the sale-leaseback transaction belongs to sales, the Company
                   as the lessee measures the right-of-use asset formed by the sale-leaseback according
                   to the part related to the use-right obtained from the leaseback in the original book
                   value of assets, and only recognizes the relevant gains and losses only for the rights
                   transferred to the lessor.

                   Subsequent measurement of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and lease
                   modifications after the commencement date of the lease term are detailed in Note
                   “3.29.1    The Company as lessee”. When subsequently measuring lease liabilities
                   arising from sale and leaseback transactions, the Company determines the lease
                   payments or modified lease payments in a manner that does not result in the
                   recognition of gains or losses related to the right-of-use obtained from the leaseback.

                   If the asset transfer in the sale-and-leaseback transaction does not belong to the sale,
                   the Company, as the lessee, continues to confirm the transferred assets and
                   recognizes a financial liability equivalent to the transfer income. Please refer to Note
                   “3.9 financial instruments for the accounting treatment for financial liabilities”.




                                                                                                          95
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.29 Lease (Continued)
            3.29.3 Sale-and-leaseback deals (Continued)
                 3.29.3.2 As the lessor
                        If the asset transfer in the sale-leaseback transaction belongs to sales, the Company,
                        as the lessor, will make accounting treatment for the purchased assets, and for the
                        asset lease according to the aforesaid policy in “2. The Company as the lessor”; If the
                        asset transfer in the sale-and-leaseback transaction does not belong to the sale, the
                        Company, as the lessor, will not confirm the transferred assets but recognizes a
                        financial asset equivalent to the transfer income. Please refer to Note “3.9 Financial
                        instruments for the accounting treatment for financial assets”.

      3.30 Debt restructuring
            3.30.1 The Company as a creditor
                  The Company terminates the recognition of claims when the contractual right to collect cash
                  flows from the claims terminates. If debt is restructured by settling debts with assets or
                  converting debts into equity instruments, the company will recognize the relevant assets
                  when they meet their definition and recognition conditions.

                  If debt restructuring is carried out by repaying debts with assets, the transferred
                  non-financial assets shall be measured at cost when the company initially recognizes them.
                  The cost of inventory includes the fair value of the relinquished claims and other costs
                  directly attributable to the asset such as taxes, transportation fees, loading and unloading
                  fees, insurance premiums and other costs incurred to bring the asset to its current location
                  and condition. The cost of an investment in an associate or joint venture includes the fair
                  value of the relinquished claims and other costs such as taxes directly attributable to the
                  asset. The cost of investment real estate includes the fair value of the relinquished claims
                  and other costs such as taxes that are directly attributable to the asset. The cost of a fixed
                  asset includes the fair value of the relinquished claim and other costs directly attributable to
                  the asset such as taxes, transportation fees, loading and unloading fees, installation fees,
                  professional service fees and other costs incurred before the asset reaches its intended
                  usable condition. The cost of biological assets includes the fair value of the relinquished
                  claims and other costs such as taxes, transportation fees, and insurance premiums that are
                  directly attributable to the assets. The cost of intangible assets includes the fair value of the
                  relinquished claims and other costs that are directly attributable to taxes and other costs
                  incurred in bringing the asset to its intended use. If the debt restructuring by converting debt
                  into equity instruments results in the creditor converting its claim into an equity investment
                  in an associate or joint venture, the company shall measure it based on the fair value of the
                  relinquished claim and taxes and other costs directly attributable to the asset. its initial
                  investment cost. The difference between the fair value and the book value of the relinquished
                  claims is included in the current profit and loss.




96
                                                                                         Interim Report 2025



                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.30 Debt restructuring (Continued)
        3.30.1 The Company as a creditor (Continued)
             If debt restructuring is carried out by modifying other terms, the company shall confirm and
             measure the restructured claims in accordance with Note “3.9 Financial instruments”.

             If multiple assets are used to repay debts or a combination is used to restructure debt, the
             company will first confirm and measure the transferred financial assets and restructured
             claims in accordance with Note “3.9 Financial instruments”, and then use The fair value ratio
             of each asset is divided into the net amount after deducting the confirmed amount of
             transferred financial assets and restructured claims from the fair value of the relinquished
             claims, and based on this, the cost of each asset is determined according to the
             aforementioned method. The difference between the fair value of the relinquished claim and
             its book value shall be included in the current profit and loss.

        3.30.2 The Company as the debtor
             The Company derecognises a debt when its current obligations are discharged.

             If debt reorganization is carried out by repaying debts with assets, the company will
             terminate the recognition when the relevant assets and the debts paid off meet the
             conditions for derecognition, and the difference between the book value of the debts paid off
             and the book value of the transferred assets shall be included in the current profit and loss.

             If the debt is converted into equity instruments for debt restructuring, the company will
             derecognize the debt when the repaid debt meets the conditions for derecognition. When the
             company initially recognizes an equity instrument, it is measured based on the fair value of
             the equity instrument. If the fair value of the equity instrument cannot be reliably measured,
             it is measured based on the fair value of the debt repaid. The difference between the book
             value of the debt repaid and the recognized amount of the equity instrument shall be
             included in the current profit and loss.

             If debt restructuring is carried out by modifying other terms, the company shall recognize
             and measure the restructured debt in accordance with Note “3.9 Financial instruments”.

             If multiple assets are used to repay debts or a combination is used to reorganize debts, the
             company shall confirm and measure equity instruments and restructured debts in
             accordance with the aforementioned methods. The book value of the debts repaid shall be
             the book value of the transferred assets and the confirmed amount of equity instruments and
             restructured debts. The difference between the sum and the profit and loss shall be included
             in the current profit and loss.




                                                                                                         97
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3     PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
      (CONTINUED)
      3.31 Segment reporting
            The Company determines its operating segments based on its internal organizational structure,
            management requirements, and internal reporting system, and determines its reportable
            segments and discloses segment information on the basis of operating segments.

            An operating segment is a component of the Company that simultaneously meets the following
            conditions: (1) the component is capable of generating revenues and incurring expenses in its
            day-to-day activities; (2) the management of the Company is able to evaluate the operating results
            of the component on a regular basis in order to decide on the allocation of resources to the
            component and to evaluate its performance; and (3) the Company is able to obtain the
            component’s accounting information relating to the component’s financial position, results of
            operations and cash flows. Two or more operating segments may be consolidated into one
            operating segment if they have similar economic characteristics and meet certain conditions.

      3.32 Other key accounting policies and accounting estimates
            3.32.1 Useful life and residual value of property, plant and equipment
                  The Group uses the straight-line method to depreciate property, plant and equipment
                  according to their estimated useful life, and adopts a sufficient depreciation rate to offset the
                  amount of their cost minus the accumulated impairment loss and the revaluation amount
                  after the estimated remaining value. The Group reviews the useful lives of fixed assets on a
                  regular basis to ensure that the depreciation method and depreciation rate are in line with
                  the economic benefits of the relevant fixed assets.

                  The Group’s estimation of the useful life of fixed assets is detailed in the “Note 3.15 Fixed
                  assets”, which is based on the historical experience of the Group in using similar assets and
                  takes into consideration expected technological changes. If there is a significant change in
                  the previous estimate, the future depreciation expense will be adjusted.

            3.32.2 Impairment of goodwill and intangible assets
                  Determining whether goodwill and intangible assets are impaired requires an estimation of
                  the value in use of the cash-generating unit to which goodwill has been allocated. When
                  calculating the value in use, management is required to estimate the expected future cash
                  flows from the cash-generating unit and an appropriate discount rate to calculate the
                  present value.




98
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


3   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)
    3.32 Other key accounting policies and accounting estimates (Continued)
        3.32.3 Income tax and deferred tax
             The Group pays income tax in Mainland China and other jurisdictions. When determining
             income tax, significant judgments are required. In the ordinary course of business, the final
             tax determination involved in some transactions and calculations is uncertain. The Group
             recognizes liabilities for anticipated tax audit items based on estimates of whether additional
             taxes will be required. The final tax consequences of such events are different from the
             amounts originally recorded, and these differences will affect the income tax and deferred
             tax provisions during the period in which these determinations are made.

    3.33 Changes in significant accounting policies and accounting estimates and
         correction of errors
        3.33.1 Changes in significant accounting policies
             None.

        3.33.2 Changes in significant accounting estimates
             None.


4   TAXATION
    4.1 Major tax types and tax rates

         Tax type                      Basis of tax assessment                                 Tax rate %
         Value added tax (“VAT”)       Tax payable is calculated by VAT             See Table 1 as below
                                         output, which is based on the
                                         taxable sales amount generated
                                         from sales of goods or rendering
                                         of service according to tax laws,
                                         less deductible VAT input of the
                                         current period
         Urban maintenance and         Levied based on the actual VAT and                       5.00, 7.00
           construction tax              consumption tax
         Corporate income tax          Levied based on taxable income               See Table 2 as below




                                                                                                          99
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


4     TAXATION (CONTINUED)
      4.1 Major tax types and tax rates (Continued)
            4.1.1 VAT rates for the Company and its subsidiaries during the reporting period


                   Company                                                                     Tax rate %
                   TravelSky Technology Limited                                          13.00, 9.00, 6.00
                   Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares Information Technology Co., Ltd.             13.00, 6.00
                   Hunan TravelSky Technology Limited                                          13.00, 6.00
                   Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd.                       13.00, 6.00, 3.00
                   Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                        13.00, 6.00
                   Xinjiang Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd.                    13.00, 6.00, 3.00
                   Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                     13.00, 6.00
                   Shanghai TravelSky Technology Limited                                              6.00
                   Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                       13.00, 6.00
                   Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                13.00, 9.00, 6.00
                   Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                                       13.00, 6.00
                   Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Limited                                13.00, 6.00, 5.00
                   Accounting Center of China Aviation                                                6.00
                   Beijing Yake Technology Development Co., Ltd.                                      6.00
                   Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd.                                         6.00
                   Infosky Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                    13.00, 6.00
                   TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd.                             13.00, 6.00
                   Beijing TravelSky Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                                          6.00
                   Travelsky Yunzhi Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                             13.00, 6.00
                   Inner Mongolia TravelSky Technology Limited                                 13.00, 6.00
                   Zhejiang TravelSky Technology Limited                                       13.00, 6.00
                   Henan TravelSky Technology Limited                                          13.00, 6.00
                   Beijing TravelSky Technology Limited                                        13.00, 6.00
                   Guangzhou Skyecho Information Technology Co., Ltd.                          13.00, 6.00
                   TravelSky Digital Intelligence Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                      6.00
                   TravelSky Technology International Limited                             Not Applicable
                   TravelSky Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd.                               Not Applicable
                   OpenJaw Technologies Limited                                                      23.00




100
                                                                                       Interim Report 2025



                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


4   TAXATION (CONTINUED)
    4.1 Major tax types and tax rates (Continued)
        4.1.2 Corporate income tax rates for the Company and its subsidiaries during the reporting period


              Taxpayer                                                               Income tax rate %
              TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 1)                                             15.00
              Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares Information Technology Co., Ltd.
                 (Remark 2)                                                                       15.00
              Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd. (Remark 2)                          15.00
              Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                     15.00
              Xinjiang Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd.                                  25.00
              Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                  15.00
              Shanghai TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 3)                                    20.00
              Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                    15.00
              Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                   15.00
              Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                    15.00
              Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 1)                                   15.00
              Accounting Center of China Aviation (Remark 1)                                      15.00
              Beijing Yake Technology Development Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                            15.00
              Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd.                                          25.00
              Infosky Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Remark 1)                                 15.00
              TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd. (Remark 3)                          20.00
              Henan TravelSky Technology Limited                                                  25.00
              Hunan TravelSky Technology Limited                                                  25.00
              Beijing TravelSky Technology Limited                                                25.00
              Beijing TravelSky Travel Agency Co., Ltd.                                           25.00
              Travelsky Yunzhi Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                                     25.00
              Zhejiang TravelSky Technology Limited                                               25.00
              Guangzhou Skyecho Information Technology Co., Ltd. (Remark 3)                       20.00
              TravelSky Digital Intelligence Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
                 (Remark 3)                                                                       20.00
              Inner Mongolia TravelSky Technology Limited (Remark 3)                              20.00
              TravelSky Technology International Limited                                    8.25, 16.50
              TravelSky Technology Singapore Pte. Ltd.                                            17.00
              OpenJaw Technologies Limited                                                        12.50




                                                                                                      101
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


4     TAXATION (CONTINUED)
      4.1 Major tax types and tax rates (Continued)
            4.1.2 During the reporting period, enterprise income tax rates adopted by the Company and its
                  subsidiaries are as below: (Continued)
                  Remark 1:    TravelSky Technology Limited, Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares
                               Co., Ltd., Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Hainan Civil
                               Aviation Cares Co., Ltd., Guangzhou TravelSky Technology Limited, Accounting Center of China
                               Aviation, Beijing Yake Technology Development Co., Ltd., and Infosky Information Technology Co.,
                               Ltd. have been assessed as high-tech enterprises, enjoying the preferential income tax rate of
                               15%.


                  Remark 2:    The main business of Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares Information Technology Co., Ltd. and Xi’an
                               Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd. conforms to Paragraph 5, Article 26 of the Encouraged
                               Section in the Guiding Catalog for Industrial Restructuring (2011 Edition), stating that “aviation
                               computer management and its network system development and construction”; thus, such
                               companies enjoy the preferential policy for income tax under the Great Western Development
                               Strategy, paying tax at 15%.


                  Remark 3:    According to the “Announcement of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
                               on Further Implementing Preferential Income Tax Policies for Small and Micro Enterprises”
                               (Announcement No. 13 of 2022), the “Announcement of the Ministry of Finance and the State
                               Administration of Taxation on Preferential Income Tax Policies for Small and Micro Enterprises
                               and Individual Industrial and Commercial Households” (Announcement No. 6 of 2023), the
                               “Announcement of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation on Further
                               Supporting the Development of Small and Micro Enterprises and Individual Industrial and
                               Commercial Households” (No. 12 of 2023), the “Announcement of the State Administration of
                               Taxation on the Implementation of Preferential Income Tax Policies for Small and Low-Profit
                               Enterprises” (No. 6 of 2023) and the “Guidelines for Preferential Tax Policies for Supporting the
                               Development of Small and Micro Enterprises and Individual Industrial and Commercial
                               Households (2.0)” stipulate that the taxable income will be calculated at a reduced rate of 25%
                               for small and low-profit enterprises, and the corporate income tax policy will be paid at a rate of
                               20%, which will be extended until December 31, 2027. In this issue, Shanghai TravelSky
                               Technology Limited, TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Real Estate Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Skyecho
                               Information Technology Co., Ltd., Inner Mongolia TravelSky Technology Limited and TravelSky
                               Digital Intelligence Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. also meet the three conditions of taxable income
                               of no more than RMB3 million, the number of employees does not exceed 300, and the total
                               assets do not exceed RMB50 million, and are subject to a reduction of 25% in taxable income
                               and corporate income tax at a rate of 20%.




102
                                                                                         Interim Report 2025



                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


4   TAXATION (CONTINUED)
    4.2 Tax incentives
        4.2.1 High and New Technology Enterprise
             Under the Corporate Income Tax Law of the People’s Republic of China (“CIT Law”), in
             general, the applicable income tax rate of enterprises in the PRC is 25%. Pursuant to
             relevant requirements, enterprises recognized as “High and New Technology Enterprises” are
             entitled to a preferential corporate income tax rate of 15% according to the CIT Law. The
             Company was approved and certified by relevant authorities as a “High and New Technology
             Enterprise” since its establishment and was reviewed to renew the identification of “High and
             New Technology Enterprise” in accordance with relevant regulatory requirements. The most
             recent re-certification was completed in 2023, in accordance with relevant regulatory
             provisions, the Company has accrued corporate income tax expenses for the 2025 fiscal year
             at a preferential tax rate of 15%.

        4.2.2 Key Software Enterprise
             Except that enterprises that have been assessed as “High and Technology Enterprise” may
             enjoy the preferential income tax rate of 15%, enterprises assessed as “Key Software
             Enterprise encouraged by the state” by relevant authorities under the government of China
             may further enjoy the preferential tax rate of 10%. According to the relevant provisions, the
             difference between the tax paid at the tax rate of 15% and that paid at tax rate of 10% will
             be refunded to relevant enterprises subsequently, and such tax refund will be reflected in the
             Statement of Profit and Losses for the period when it occurs.

             This year, our Company has submitted an application to the relevant departments for a 10%
             preferential tax rate for key software enterprises in 2024 and obtained approval.




                                                                                                        103
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      5.1 Cash and cash equivalents

                                                                                                 As at                 As at
                                                                                              June 30,          December 31,
             Item                                                                                2025                  2024
             Cash on hand                                                                   1,126.46                10,958.18
             Digital currency                                                           3,891,933.25             2,931,986.43
             Cash at bank                                                           6,624,846,189.80        10,526,620,052.36
             Other cash and cash equivalents                                           19,754,906.38            19,423,499.70


             Total                                                                  6,648,494,155.89        10,548,986,496.67


             Including: The total amount deposited abroad                             302,093,227.53           242,971,928.71
                        Money deposited abroad and with
                          restrictions on fund repatriation


      5.2 Financial assets held for trading

                                                                                                 As at                 As at
                                                                                              June 30,          December 31,
             Item                                                                                2025                  2024
             Financial assets measured at fair value through
               the current profit or loss                                           6,022,134,804.98         2,218,192,945.21
             Including: Debt instrument investments                                 6,022,134,804.98         2,218,192,945.21


             Total                                                                  6,022,134,804.98         2,218,192,945.21

            Note:    Investment in debt instruments is structured bank deposits (floating income) issued by Bank of Beijing He Ping
                     Li Branch, Industrial Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing Shunyi Branch, China Construction Bank Beijing Dong Si Branch,
                     Ping An Bank Beijing Financial Street Branch, China Everbright Bank Beijing Shi Ji Cheng Branch, Industrial
                     and Commercial Bank of China Beijing Dong Si Branch held by the Group, with an annual interest rate of
                     0.45%–2.30% and a maturity of 92–186 days, which cannot be withdrawn before maturity.




104
                                                                                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.3 Notes receivable
        5.3.1 Breakdown of the notes receivable


                                                                                                                                                        As at                                As at
                                                                                                                                                     June 30,                         December 31,
              Item                                                                                                                                      2025                                 2024
              Bank acceptance bills                                                                                                   254,518,419.19                                  176,809,848.52
              Commercial acceptance bills                                                                                              67,549,806.00                                  100,575,175.27
              Less: Provision for bad debts                                                                                             2,628,921.06                                    8,266,130.25


              Total                                                                                                                   319,439,304.13                                  269,118,893.54


        5.3.2 Disclosure of notes receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by category

                                                                            As at June 30, 2025                                                                  As at December 31, 2024
                                                    Book balance                  Provision for bad debts                                   Book balance                  Provision for bad debts
                                                                                                  Proportion of            Book                                                         Proportion of               Book
              Category                           Amount Proportion (%)              Amount        provision (%)           value          Amount      Proportion (%)        Amount       provision (%)              value

              Provision for bad debts
                      on portfolio basis
                      of credit risk
                      characteristics      322,068,225.19          100.00       2,628,921.06              0.82 319,439,304.13      277,385,023.79           100.00     8,266,130.25                 2.98   269,118,893.54


              Total                        322,068,225.19          100.00       2,628,921.06                      319,439,304.13   277,385,023.79           100.00     8,266,130.25                        269,118,893.54



             Provision for bad debts on portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

             Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                                                         As at June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                  Notes      Provision for   Proportion of
              Name                                                                                            receivable        bad debts    provision (%)
              Commercial acceptance bills                                                             67,549,806.00                                 2,628,921.06                                             0.04
              Bank acceptance bills                                                                  254,518,419.19


              Total                                                                                  322,068,225.19                                 2,628,921.06




                                                                                                                                                                                                                    105
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.3 Notes receivable (Continued)
            5.3.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2025

                                                                            Changes in the current period
                                                   As at                                                                    As at
                                            December 31,                       Reversal or   Write-off or     Other      June 30,
                   Category                        2024         Provision         recovery    charge-off    changes         2025
                   Commercial
                     acceptance bills        8,266,130.25   –5,637,209.19                                             2,628,921.06


                   Total                     8,266,130.25   –5,637,209.19                                             2,628,921.06


                  Note:    Bad debts are accrued for commercial acceptance bills based on accounts receivable from non-related
                           parties.


            5.3.4 Notes receivable pledged as at June 30, 2025
                  None.

            5.3.5 Notes receivable endorsed or discounted but undue as at June 30, 2025
                  None.

            5.3.6 Notes receivable actually written off in the current period
                  None.




106
                                                                                                                                                                             Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.4 Accounts receivable
        5.4.1 Disclosure of accounts receivable (based on invoice date)


                                                                                                                                                    As at                                As at
                                                                                                                                                 June 30,                         December 31,
              Aging                                                                                                                                 2025                                 2024
              Within 1 year                                                                                                     4,148,447,404.83                             4,364,620,502.58
              Including: Subitem within 1 year
              Within 6 months                                                                                                   2,673,701,794.54                             3,226,636,111.47
              7–12 months                                                                                                       1,474,745,610.29                             1,137,984,391.11
              1–2 years                                                                                                         1,235,590,369.40                               886,220,736.59
              2–3 years                                                                                                           342,556,494.05                               402,295,600.60
              3–4 years                                                                                                           207,960,518.61                                73,320,330.14
              4–5 years                                                                                                            77,740,744.00                               118,265,867.07
              Over 5 years                                                                                                        248,992,494.78                               216,073,340.60
              Sub-total                                                                                                         6,261,288,025.67                             6,060,796,377.58
              Less: Provision for bad debts                                                                                       930,067,171.32                             1,101,521,334.95


              Total                                                                                                             5,331,220,854.35                             4,959,275,042.63


        5.4.2 Disclosure of accounts receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by category

                                                                           As at June 30, 2025                                                              As at December 31, 2024
                                                    Book balance                Provision for bad debts                                 Book balance                Provision for bad debts
                                                              Proportion                     Proportion of             Book                       Proportion                     Proportion of              Book
              Category                             Amount            (%)           Amount provision (%)                value           Amount             (%)         Amount     provision (%)             value

              Provision for bad debts
                      accrued on an
                      individual basis      871,966,872.63          13.93 589,703,339.57            67.63     282,263,533.06    991,090,927.04          16.35   678,930,799.02           68.50    312,160,128.02
              Provision for bad debts
                      accrued on a
                      portfolio basis of
                      credit risk
                      characteristics      5,389,321,153.04         86.07 340,363,831.75             6.32 5,048,957,321.29 5,069,705,450.54             83.65   422,590,535.93            8.34 4,647,114,914.61


              Total                        6,261,288,025.67        100.00 930,067,171.32                     5,331,220,854.35 6,060,796,377.58         100.00 1,101,521,334.95                   4,959,275,042.63




                                                                                                                                                                                                            107
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.4 Accounts receivable (Continued)
            5.4.2 Disclosure of accounts receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by category
                  (Continued)
                  Provision for bad debts accrued on an individual basis:

                                                            As at June 30, 2025                             As at December 31, 2024
                                                                      Proportion of
                                                      Provision for        provision   Reason for                           Provision for
                   Name               Book balance       bad debts               (%)   provision          Book balance        bad debts
                   Customer 1        183,048,986.24 183,048,986.24           100.00    Uncertainty about 183,048,986.24    183,048,986.24
                                                                                         recoverability
                   Customer 2        169,214,157.25 164,317,144.83            97.11    Operational       152,324,888.49    136,008,394.28
                                                                                         difficulties
                   Customer 3         70,238,348.38   70,238,348.38          100.00    Uncertainty about 62,246,713.30      34,005,774.28
                                                                                         recoverability
                   Customer 4        274,115,632.91   61,545,139.99           22.45    Poor financial    365,284,128.99    155,618,574.91
                                                                                         situation
                   Customer 5         44,514,990.16   29,089,522.87           65.35    Operational        58,067,768.15     46,120,987.18
                                                                                         difficulties
                   Customer 6         20,176,095.68   20,176,095.68          100.00    Operational        20,485,816.45     20,485,816.45
                                                                                         difficulties
                   Customer 7         11,695,596.21   11,695,596.21          100.00    Operational        11,875,133.88     11,875,133.87
                                                                                         difficulties
                   Customer 8         27,387,554.61   10,511,970.13           38.38    Operational        54,790,349.25     39,282,877.72
                                                                                         difficulties
                   Customer 9          5,810,497.00    5,810,497.00          100.00    Operational         6,116,277.54      4,803,005.09
                                                                                         difficulties
                   Customer 10         5,114,265.00    5,114,265.00          100.00    Operational         5,192,773.45      5,192,773.45
                                                                                         difficulties
                   Other customers    60,650,749.19   28,155,773.24           46.42                       71,658,091.30     42,488,475.55


                   Total             871,966,872.63 589,703,339.57                                        991,090,927.04   678,930,799.02




108
                                                                                                                           Interim Report 2025



                                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.4 Accounts receivable (Continued)
        5.4.2 Disclosure of accounts receivable under the methods of provision for bad debts by category
              (Continued)
             Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

             Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                  As at June 30, 2025
                                                                        Accounts         Provision for                         Proportion of
              Name                                                     receivable           bad debts                          provision (%)
              Accounts receivable from
                related parties                               3,254,074,918.23
              Accounts receivable from non-
                related parties                               2,135,246,234.81              340,363,831.75                               15.94


              Total                                           5,389,321,153.04              340,363,831.75


        5.4.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2025

                                                                                     Changes in the current period
                                                As at                                                                                      As at
                                         December 31,                          Reversal/       Write-off or                             June 30,
              Category                          2024            Provision      Recovery         charge-off      Other changes              2025
              Accrued on an
                 individual basis       678,930,799.02     –77,331,576.29   11,442,962.11                            –452,921.05   589,703,339.57
              Accrued on a portfolio
                 basis                  422,590,535.93     –82,133,488.23                                             –93,215.95   340,363,831.75


              Total                    1,101,521,334.95   –159,465,064.52   11,442,962.11                            –546,137.00   930,067,171.32




                                                                                                                                               109
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.4 Accounts receivable (Continued)
            5.4.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2025 (Continued)
                  Among them, the important accounts receivable reversal or recovery:

                                                                                           The basis and
                                                                                           rationality for
                                                          Reason for         Recovery      determining the original
                   Name              Reversal/Recovery    reversal           method        bad debt provision
                   Customer 11             9,868,740.00   Winning the case   Bank          Lost at first instance
                                                            in the second      transfers
                                                            trial, and the
                                                            other party
                                                            paid according
                                                            to the
                                                            judgment


                   Total                   9,868,740.00


            5.4.4 Accounts receivable actually wrote off in 2025
                  None.

            5.4.5 Top five of accounts receivable and contract assets as at June 31, 2025, presented by
                  debtors
                  The sum amount of top five of accounts receivable and contract assets presented by debtors
                  is RMB2,895,261,369.12, accounting for 45.50% of the total ending balance of accounts
                  receivable and contract assets, and the corresponding ending balance of provision for bad
                  debts is RMB202,911,640.34 in aggregate.




110
                                                                                            Interim Report 2025



                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.5 Advances to suppliers
        5.5.1 Presentation of advances to suppliers by aging


                                             As at June 30, 2025              As at December 31, 2024
                 Aging                       Amount      Proportion (%)          Amount    Proportion (%)
                 Within 1 year         311,333,861.82            90.68      44,962,624.09              58.73
                 1 to 2 years           19,305,893.39             5.62      21,064,290.23              27.51
                 2 to 3 years            4,003,387.26             1.17       1,996,868.86               2.61
                 Over 3 years            8,690,016.76             2.53       8,538,165.42              11.15
                 Sub-total             343,333,159.23           100.00      76,561,948.60             100.00


                 Less: Provision for
                         bad debts       3,562,755.57                        3,562,755.57


                 Total                 339,770,403.66           100.00      72,999,193.03             100.00


        5.5.2 Top five of advances to suppliers as at June 30, 2025, presented by prepaid objects
             The sum amount of top five advances to suppliers presented based on the concentration
             ratio of prepaid objects amounted to RMB236,052,986.82, accounting for 68.75% of total
             ending balance of advances to suppliers.

    5.6 Other receivables

                                                                                 As at               As at
                                                                              June 30,        December 31,
         Item                                                                    2025                2024
         Interest receivable
         Dividends receivable                                             2,550,000.00          5,110,000.00
         Other receivables                                            2,756,562,559.95      2,095,113,581.75


         Total                                                        2,759,112,559.95      2,100,223,581.75




                                                                                                           111
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
            5.6.1 Dividends receivable
                 Details of dividends receivable

                                                                               As at             As at
                                                                            June 30,      December 31,
                   Item (or investee)                                          2025              2024
                   Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares System
                     Integration Co., Ltd                               2,050,000.00        2,050,000.00
                   Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and
                     Technology Co., Ltd.                                 500,000.00          500,000.00
                   Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                               2,560,000.00
                   Sub-total                                            2,550,000.00        5,110,000.00


                   Less: Provision for bad debts


                   Total                                                2,550,000.00        5,110,000.00


            5.6.2 Other receivables
                 (1)   Disclosure by aging

                                                                               As at             As at
                                                                            June 30,      December 31,
                           Aging                                               2025              2024
                           Within 1 year                             2,623,375,872.02   1,965,319,760.16
                           Including: Subitem within 1 year
                           Within 6 months                           2,595,740,703.08   1,959,444,577.02
                           7–12 months                                  27,635,168.94       5,875,183.14
                           1–2 years                                    76,906,992.17      76,558,080.75
                           2–3 years                                     7,862,059.74      11,133,258.21
                           3–4 years                                     9,906,960.52      24,067,059.13
                           4–5 years                                    23,884,748.29       8,445,938.04
                           Over 5 years                                 14,733,314.48       9,696,872.73
                           Sub-total                                 2,756,669,947.22   2,095,220,969.02


                           Less: Provision for bad debts                  107,387.27         107,387.27


                           Total                                     2,756,562,559.95   2,095,113,581.75




112
                                                                                                                                                                             Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
        5.6.2 Other receivables (Continued)
             (2)   Disclosure of other receivables under the methods of provision for bad debts by
                   category

                                                                         As at June 30, 2025                                                                 As at December 31, 2024
                                                     Book balance              Provision for bad debts                                  Book balance                  Provision for bad debts
                                                                                                Proportion                                                                              Proportion
                                                              Proportion                       of provision                                         Proportion                         of provision
                    Category                           Amount        (%)             Amount             (%)        Book value            Amount            (%)               Amount             (%)        Book value

                    Provision for bad debts
                         accrued on an
                         individual basis
                    Provision for bad debts
                         on portfolio basis
                         of credit risk
                         characteristics      2,756,669,947.22      100.00          107,387.27                2,756,562,559.95   2,095,220,969.02      100.00             107,387.27          0.01    2,095,113,581.75


                    Total                     2,756,669,947.22      100.00          107,387.27                2,756,562,559.95   2,095,220,969.02      100.00             107,387.27                  2,095,113,581.75



                   Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

                   Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                                                         As at June 30, 2025
                                                                                                Other                          Provision for                                       Proportion of
                    Name                                                                  receivables                             bad debts                                        provision (%)
                    Non-related parties                                        1,889,378,226.41                                          107,387.27                                                      0.01
                    Related parties                                              867,291,720.81


                    Total                                                      2,756,669,947.22                                          107,387.27




                                                                                                                                                                                                                113
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
            5.6.2 Other receivables (Continued)
                 (3)   Provision for bad debts

                                                        Phase 1           Phase 2        Phase 3
                                                                         Expected       Expected
                                                                     credit losses credit losses
                                                        Expected    for the entire for the entire
                                                    credit losses         duration       duration
                                                   in the next 12       (no credit         (credit
                         Provision for bad debts          months      impairment)    impairment)          Total
                         Balance as at
                            December 31, 2024                          107,387.27                    107,387.27
                         In 2025, balance as at
                            December 31, 2024
                         — Transfer to Phase 2
                         — Transfer to Phase 3
                         — Reversal from Phase 2
                         — Reversal from Phase 1
                         Provision in 2025
                         Reversal in 2025
                         Charge-off in 2025
                         Write-off in 2025
                         Other changes
                         Balance as at
                            June 30, 2025                              107,387.27                    107,387.27




114
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2025



                                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
        5.6.2 Other receivables (Continued)
             (3)   Provision for bad debts (Continued)
                   Changes in the book balance of other receivables are as follows:

                                                           Phase 1              Phase 2        Phase 3
                                                                        Expected credit Expected credit
                                                    Expected credit      losses for the losses for the
                                                      losses in the     entire duration entire duration
                                                           next 12            (no credit         (credit
                    Provision for bad debts                months          impairment)     impairment)               Total
                    Balance as at
                       December 31, 2024    2,095,113,581.75                 107,387.27                    2,095,220,969.02
                    In 2025, balance as at
                       December 31, 2024
                    — Transfer to Phase 2
                    — Transfer to Phase 3
                    — Reversal from Phase 2
                    — Reversal from Phase 1
                    Increase in 2025         661,547,329.22                                                661,547,329.22
                    Derecognition in 2025
                    Other changes                –98,351.02                                                     –98,351.02
                    Balance as at
                       June 30, 2025        2,756,562,559.95                 107,387.27                    2,756,669,947.22


             (4)   Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2025

                                               As at                  Changes in the current period                    As at
                                        December 31,                      Reversal/    Write-off or     Other       June 30,
                    Category                    2024      Provision        Recovery     charge-off    changes          2025

                    Accrued on a
                      portfolio basis      107,387.27                                                             107,387.27


                    Total                  107,387.27                                                             107,387.27




                                                                                                                         115
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.6 Other receivables (Continued)
            5.6.2 Other receivables (Continued)
                     (5)   Classification of other receivables by the nature of payment

                                                                                                      As at                  As at
                                                                                                   June 30,           December 31,
                            Nature                                                                    2025                   2024
                            Various margin, deposit and loan of
                              reserve fund                                                   23,600,256.50             26,484,314.30
                            Current loans                                                   155,189,157.01            110,205,380.07
                            Settlement and clearing payments                              1,532,482,417.43          1,118,645,018.23
                            Factoring receivables                                         1,045,398,116.28            839,886,256.42


                            Total                                                         2,756,669,947.22          2,095,220,969.02


                     (6)   Top five of other receivable as at June 30, 2025, presented by debtors
                           The summary amount of top five of other receivables presented by debtors is
                           RMB996,637,416.94, accounting for 36.16% of the total ending balances of other
                           receivables. The corresponding provision for bad debts has a summary amount of
                           RMB0.00 at the end of the period.

      5.7 Inventories

                                                   As at June 30, 2025                              As at December 31, 2024
                                                        Provision for                                       Provision for
                                                      depreciation of                                     depreciation of
                                                         inventories/                                        inventories/
                                                        Provision for                                       Provision for
                                                       impairment of                                       impairment of
                                                          contractual                                         contractual
                                                        performance                                         performance
             Item                     Book balance              costs       Book value    Book balance              costs       Book value
             Merchandise
               inventories            47,186,979.04                       47,186,979.04   44,299,211.12                       44,299,211.12
             Contract
               performance
               cost                   60,768,962.46                       60,768,962.46   37,387,581.50                       37,387,581.50


             Total                   107,955,941.50                      107,955,941.50   81,686,792.62                       81,686,792.62




116
                                                                                                                                                                Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.8 Contract assets
        5.8.1 Contract assets


                                                                       As at June 30, 2025                                                   As at December 31, 2024
                                                                             Provision for                                                            Provision for
              Item                               Book balance                  impairment                 Book value         Book balance               impairment                   Book value
              System integration
                  service contracts             102,365,062.48              27,737,706.87               74,627,355.61        73,812,464.11            29,811,611.84              44,000,852.27


              Total                             102,365,062.48              27,737,706.87               74,627,355.61        73,812,464.11            29,811,611.84              44,000,852.27


        5.8.2 Amount from significant change in book value and reason therefor during the reporting
              period


              Item                                                       Changed amount                          Reason for change
              System integration service                                        28,552,598.37                    Amount increased due to changes in
                contracts                                                                                         performance progress measurement


              Total                                                             28,552,598.37


        5.8.3 Classification disclosure of contract assets under method of provision for impairment

                                                                     As at June 30, 2025                                                        As at December 31, 2024
                                             Book balance                Provision for bad debts                             Book balance             Provision for bad debts
                                                                                           Proportion                                                                 Proportion
                                                                                                   of                                                                           of
                                                        Proportion                          provision                                   Proportion                     provision
              Category                       Amount           (%)             Amount             (%)      Book value         Amount            (%)         Amount            (%)        Book value

              Provision for
                  impairment
                  accrued on an
                  individual basis      20,702,514.89        20.22      20,702,514.89         100.00                    20,700,014.89        28.04    20,700,014.89       100.00
              Provision for
                  impairment
                  accrued on a
                  portfolio basis of
                  credit risk
                  characteristics       81,662,547.59        79.78       7,035,191.98            8.61   74,627,355.61   53,112,449.22        71.96     9,111,596.95        17.16      44,000,852.27


              Total                    102,365,062.48       100.00      27,737,706.87                   74,627,355.61   73,812,464.11       100.00    29,811,611.84                   44,000,852.27




                                                                                                                                                                                              117
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.8 Contract assets (Continued)
            5.8.3 Classification disclosure of contract assets under method of provision for impairment
                  (Continued)
                  Provision for impairment accrued on an individual basis:

                                                           As at June 30, 2025                            As at December 31, 2024
                                                    Provision for Proportion of                                          Provision for
                   Name                  Amount      impairment provision (%)     Reason for provision        Amount      impairment
                   Customer A      20,702,514.89 20,702,514.89          100.00    Financial              20,700,014.89 20,700,014.89
                                                                                    difficulties


                   Total           20,702,514.89 20,702,514.89                                           20,700,014.89 20,700,014.89


                  Provision for impairment accrued on a portfolio basis:

                  Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                         Balance as at June 30, 2025
                                                                                  Provision for                   Proportion of
                   Name                                     Contract assets         impairment                    provision (%)
                   Non-related parties                        81,420,694.19              7,035,191.98                          8.64
                   Related parties                               241,853.40


                   Total                                      81,662,547.59              7,035,191.98


            5.8.4 Provision for impairment of contract assets in 2025


                                                                     Increase/decrease in 2025
                                   Balance as at                                        Write-off/
                                   December 31,       Provision in    Reversal in       Charge-off           Other     Balance as at
                   Item                     2024             2025            2025             in 2025      changes     June 30, 2025
                   System
                     integration
                     service
                     contracts      29,811,611.84   –2,063,487.97        5,924.81                         –4,492.19    27,737,706.87


                   Total            29,811,611.84   –2,063,487.97        5,924.81                         –4,492.19    27,737,706.87




118
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025



                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.9 Non-current assets maturing within one year

                                                                                            As at                  As at
                                                                                         June 30,           December 31,
         Item                                                                               2025                   2024
         Time deposits and interest within one year                               537,921,917.81


         Total                                                                    537,921,917.81

        Note:    The time deposit is a China Construction Bank RMB time deposit certificate with an annual interest rate of
                 3.1% and a term of 1,097 days. It cannot be cancelled before maturity.


    5.10 Other current assets

                                                                                            As at                  As at
                                                                                         June 30,           December 31,
         Item                                                                               2025                   2024
         Creditor investments maturing within one year                          1,001,234,246.58
         Fixed deposits and interest within one year                               30,405,333.33            50,357,638.88
         Retained for VAT                                                         199,818,751.93           141,482,016.86
         Prepaid enterprise income tax                                             12,291,582.98            11,887,728.24


         Total                                                                  1,243,749,914.82           203,727,383.98

        Note: The time deposit consists of a one-year time deposit certificate held with China Minsheng Bank, with a principal
              amount of RMB30,000,000.00, an annual interest rate of 1.90%, and a term of 365 days.


                Creditor investments consist of government bond reverse repurchase products, with a principal amount of
                RMB1,000,000,000.00, a product term of 28 days, and an annualised interest rate of 1.655%.




                                                                                                                          119
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.11 Long-term equity investments
            Details of long-term equity investments

                                                                               Balance of                                                     Increase/decrease in 2025
                                                                             provision for                                  Gain/loss on   Adjustment to                                                                                       Balance of
                                                                         impairment as at                                   investments            other                    Cash dividends or    Provision for                               provision for
                                                       As at December       December 31,     Increase in   Decrease in recognized under    comprehensive Change in other     profits declared   impairment in             As at June 30, impairment as at
             Investees                                       31, 2024                2024    investments   investments    equity method          income      equity change to be distributed             2025    Others            2025     June 30, 2025

             1. Joint ventures
               Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport
                      Network Co., Ltd.                  26,353,430.47                                                      1,598,757.02                                                                                   27,952,187.49
               Dalian TravelSky Airport Network
                      LLC                                26,365,554.68                                                        –33,770.09                                                                                   26,331,784.59
               Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co.,
                      Ltd.                               15,926,740.70                                                      1,362,444.62                                                                                   17,289,185.32
               Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science
                      and Technology Co., Ltd.           31,548,971.16                                                     –5,405,295.10                                                                                   26,143,676.06
               Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network
                      Co., Ltd.                         117,000,426.96                                                        809,845.16                                                                                  117,810,272.12
             Sub-total                                  217,195,123.97                                                     –1,668,018.39                                                                                  215,527,105.58
             2. Associates
               Beijing TravelSky Birun Technology
                      Co., Ltd.                          61,237,607.23                                                      3,158,436.66                                                                                   64,396,043.89
               TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited      252,754,446.41                                                     –3,723,480.48                                                                                  249,030,965.93
               Shanghai Civil Aviation East China
                      Cares System Integration Co.,
                      Ltd.                               94,315,008.91                                                     –1,642,178.96                                                                                   92,672,829.95
               Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast
                      Cares Co., Ltd.                   164,649,228.86                                                      7,037,581.58                                                                                  171,686,810.44
               Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest
                      Cares Co., Ltd.                    94,656,368.59                                                      7,374,049.15                                                                                  102,030,417.74
               Guangzhou Skyecho Information
                      Technology Co., Ltd.                6,946,968.81                                                        385,231.24                                                                                    7,332,200.05
               Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co.,
                      Ltd.                                8,120,352.65                                                        121,577.97                                                                                    8,241,930.62
             Sub-total                                  682,679,981.46                                                     12,711,217.16                                                                                  695,391,198.62


             Total                                      899,875,105.43                                                     11,043,198.77                                                                                  910,918,304.20



            Note:            In June 2025, the Company completed the transfer of all its equity interests in Shanghai Sky Pass Business
                             Travel Agency Co. through the Beijing Property Rights Exchange. The equity transfer consideration was
                             RMB121,001.00, and the related transaction costs were RMB5,708.49.




120
                                                                                                                                                                                           Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.12 Investments in other equity instruments
        Details of other equity instrument investments

                                                                                                                                                                                                             Reasons for
                                                                                Profit recognized   Loss included in                                                       Accumulated       Accumulated     designation as at
                                                                                         in other             other                                                      profit included   losses included   fair value through
                                           As at                                  comprehensive      comprehensive                         As at             Dividend           in other          in other   other
                                   December 31,     Increase in   Decrease in     income for the     income for the                    June 30,     income recognized    comprehensive      comprehensive    comprehensive
         Item                               2024    investments   investments             period             period    Others              2025      during the period          income             income    income

         China Merchants         1,004,312,400.00                                  39,514,800.00                                1,043,827,200.00                         168,827,200.00                      Investment held
                RenHe Life                                                                                                                                                                                           by the
                Insurance                                                                                                                                                                                            Company
                Company                                                                                                                                                                                              for
                Limited                                                                                                                                                                                              non-trading
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     purposes



         Total                   1,004,312,400.00                                  39,514,800.00                                1,043,827,200.00                         168,827,200.00



    5.13 Other non-current financial assets

                                                                                                                                                              As at                                   As at
                                                                                                                                                           June 30,                            December 31,
         Item                                                                                                                                                 2025                                    2024
         Financial assets measured at fair value through the
           current profit or loss                                                                                                            996,866,936.75                                1,017,411,627.32
         Including: equity instrument investments                                                                                            996,866,936.75                                1,017,411,627.32


         Total                                                                                                                               996,866,936.75                                1,017,411,627.32

        Note:             The equity instrument investment is the equity of China Mobile Equity Fund (Hebei Xiong’an) Partnership (Limited
                          Partnership) held by the Company.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                              121
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.14 Investment properties
            5.14.1 Investment properties measured at cost


                                                            Buildings and
                   Item                                     constructions      Land use right              Total
                   1. Original book value
                      (1) As at December 31, 2024           141,993,853.47      92,427,128.90    234,420,982.37
                      (2) Increase in 2025                                       2,858,571.10      2,858,571.10
                          — Others                                               2,858,571.10      2,858,571.10
                      (3) Decrease in 2025
                      (4) As at June 30, 2025               141,993,853.47      95,285,700.00    237,279,553.47
                   2. Accumulated depreciation and
                         accumulated amortisation
                      (1) As at December 31, 2024           113,036,635.67      36,413,282.78    149,449,918.45
                      (2) Increase in 2025                    3,296,097.18       4,001,999.50      7,298,096.68
                          — Provision or amortisation         3,296,097.18       1,143,428.40      4,439,525.58
                          — Others                                               2,858,571.10      2,858,571.10
                      (3) Decrease in 2025
                      (4) As at June 30, 2025               116,332,732.85      40,415,282.28    156,748,015.13
                   3. Provision for impairment
                      (1) As at December 31, 2024
                      (2) Increase in 2025
                      (3) Decrease in 2025
                      (4) As at June 30, 2025
                   4. Book value
                      (1) As at June 30, 2025                  25,661,120.62    54,870,417.72     80,531,538.34
                      (2) As at December 31, 2024              28,957,217.80    56,013,846.12     84,971,063.92


            5.14.2 Investment properties with pending certificate of title
                  None.

      5.15 Fixed assets
            5.15.1 Fixed assets and disposal of fixed assets


                                                                                     As at               As at
                                                                                  June 30,        December 31,
                   Item                                                              2025                2024
                   Fixed assets                                            2,718,843,587.54     2,783,503,007.16
                   Disposal of fixed assets                                      156,518.54           661,525.36


                   Total                                                   2,719,000,106.08     2,784,164,532.52



122
                                                                                                                                           Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
        5.15.2 Breakdown of fixed assets


                                                 Buildings and        Machinery           Motor          Electronic             Office
              Item                               constructions       equipment          vehicles        equipment          equipment           Others               Total

              1. Original book value
                (1) As at December 31, 2024    2,993,962,027.20   780,915,947.13   69,281,893.84   2,765,406,293.81   1,145,189,453.96   26,238,688.22   7,780,994,304.16
                (2) Increase in 2025                                                1,626,989.09     64,797,695.01         529,342.32      304,127.06      67,258,153.48
                     — Purchase                                                     1,626,989.09     62,851,714.73        2,475,322.60     304,127.06      67,258,153.48
                     — Category adjustment                                                             1,945,980.28     –1,945,980.28

                (3) Decrease in 2025                446,457.75                      5,358,824.17       1,462,880.72        475,148.84     1,240,677.76       8,983,989.24
                     — Disposal or scrapping        446,457.75                      5,351,412.52       2,230,355.67        966,665.68     1,228,519.20     10,223,410.82
                     — Effect of foreign
                          exchange                                                      7,411.65       –767,474.95        –491,516.84       12,158.56      –1,239,421.58
                (4) As at June 30, 2025        2,993,515,569.45   780,915,947.13   65,550,058.76   2,828,741,108.10   1,145,243,647.44   25,302,137.52   7,839,268,468.40
              2. Accumulated depreciation
                (1) As at December 31, 2024     858,741,077.06    713,410,488.52   58,956,680.77   2,257,521,515.80   1,071,763,930.39   23,885,430.92   4,984,279,123.46
                (2) Increase in 2025             49,116,396.04      1,670,713.86    1,283,048.86     72,893,729.72        6,293,776.68     379,718.29     131,637,383.45
                     — Provision                 49,116,396.04      1,670,713.86    1,283,048.86     72,035,766.76        7,151,739.64     379,718.29     131,637,383.45
                     — Assets category
                          adjustment                                                                    857,962.96        –857,962.96

                (3) Decrease in 2025                112,777.09                      5,191,487.70       1,756,257.24        446,233.06     1,197,044.50       8,703,799.59
                     — Disposal or scrapping        112,777.09                      5,190,870.07       2,484,110.46        937,176.39     1,187,347.08       9,912,281.09
                     — Effect of foreign
                          exchange                                                       617.63        –727,853.22        –490,943.33         9,697.42     –1,208,481.50
                (4) As at June 30, 2025         907,744,696.01    715,081,202.38   55,048,241.93   2,328,658,988.28   1,077,611,474.01   23,068,104.71   5,107,212,707.32
              3. Provision for impairment
                (1) As at December 31, 2024                         6,322,675.59                       6,889,497.95                                        13,212,173.54
                (2) Increase in 2025
                (3) Decrease in 2025
                (4) As at June 30, 2025                             6,322,675.59                       6,889,497.95                                        13,212,173.54
              4. Book value
                (1) As at June 30, 2025        2,085,770,873.44    59,512,069.16   10,501,816.83    493,192,621.87      67,632,173.43     2,234,032.81   2,718,843,587.54
                (2) As at December 31, 2024    2,135,220,950.14    61,182,783.02   10,325,213.07    500,995,280.06      73,425,523.57     2,353,257.30   2,783,503,007.16




                                                                                                                                                                     123
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
            5.15.3 Details of fixed assets leased under operating lease


                                                  Buildings and         Office
                   Item                           constructions    equipment          Others             Total
                   1. Original book value
                      (1) As at December 31,
                            2024                 143,891,572.86   5,319,202.87   2,198,230.10   151,409,005.83
                      (2) Increase in 2025
                      (3) Decrease in 2025        61,237,417.35                  2,198,230.10    63,435,647.45
                          — Others                61,237,417.35                  2,198,230.10    63,435,647.45
                      (4) As at June 30, 2025     82,654,155.51   5,319,202.87                   87,973,358.38
                   2. Accumulated depreciation
                      (1) As at December 31,
                            2024                  16,343,773.61   4,991,414.42    221,919.24     21,557,107.27
                      (2) Increase in 2025         9,715,686.14     168,212.37    252,821.88     10,136,720.39
                          — Provision              1,002,181.64     168,212.37    252,821.88      1,423,215.89
                          — Others                 8,713,504.50                                   8,713,504.50
                      (3) Decrease in 2025         5,013,645.26                   474,741.12      5,488,386.38
                          — Others                 5,013,645.26                   474,741.12      5,488,386.38
                      (4) As at June 30, 2025     21,045,814.49   5,159,626.79                   26,205,441.28
                   3. Provision for impairment
                      (1) As at December 31,
                            2024
                      (2) Increase in 2025
                      (3) Decrease in 2025
                      (4) As at June 30, 2025
                   4. Book value
                      (1) As at June 30, 2025     61,608,341.02    159,576.08                    61,767,917.10
                      (2) As at December 31,
                            2024                 127,547,799.25    327,788.45    1,976,310.86   129,851,898.56


            5.15.4 Fixed assets without certificate of title
                  None.




124
                                                                                                              Interim Report 2025



                                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                           (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.15 Fixed assets (Continued)
        5.15.5 Disposal of fixed assets


                                                                                                 As at                  As at
                                                                                              June 30,           December 31,
               Item                                                                              2025                   2024
               Scrapping of fixed assets to be approved                                    156,518.54                  661,525.36


               Total                                                                       156,518.54                  661,525.36


    5.16 Construction in progress
        5.16.1 Construction in progress and project materials


                                                   As at June 30, 2025                          As at December 31, 2024
                                                       Provision for                                   Provision for
               Item                    Book balance     impairment       Book value    Book balance      impairment      Book value
               Construction in
                  progress             40,448,633.31                   40,448,633.31 37,609,010.67                     37,609,010.67
               Project materials


               Total                   40,448,633.31                   40,448,633.31   37,609,010.67                   37,609,010.67


        5.16.2 Breakdown of construction in progress


                                                   As at June 30, 2025                          As at December 31, 2024
                                                       Provision for                                   Provision for
               Item                    Book balance     impairment       Book value    Book balance      impairment      Book value
               China Aviation
                  Information
                  Technology
                  Industrial Park
                  Construction
                  Project (Phase II)   16,284,225.24                   16,284,225.24   13,444,602.60                   13,444,602.60
               (Yuzhuang) Second
                  Road Electricity
                  Project              24,164,408.07                   24,164,408.07   24,164,408.07                   24,164,408.07


               Total                   40,448,633.31                   40,448,633.31   37,609,010.67                   37,609,010.67




                                                                                                                                 125
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.16 Construction in progress (Continued)
            5.16.3 Changes in major items of construction in progress in 2025

                                                                                                                                                                                             Of which: the
                                                                                                                                              Proportion of                                     amount of
                                                                                                 Transfer                                     the project’s                     Cumulative        interest         Current
                                                                        As at                   into fixed         Other           As at        cumulative                       amount of capitalized in          interest
                                                                 December 31,    Increase in       assets    decreases in       June 30,     investment in    Project               interest the current     capitalization   Sources of
                   Item                                Budget           2024           2025       in 2025           2025           2025     the budget (%)    progress        capitalization        period        rate (%)    funds

                   China Aviation Information   938,492,800.00   13,444,602.60   2,839,622.64                               16,284,225.24             1.74    Under                                                           Own capital
                       Technology Industrial                                                                                                                   construction
                       Park Construction
                        Project (Phase II)
                   (Yuzhuang) Second Road        44,290,000.00   24,164,408.07                                              24,164,408.07            54.56    Under                                                           Own capital
                        Electricity Project                                                                                                                    construction


                   Total                                         37,609,010.67   2,839,622.64                               40,448,633.31




126
                                                                                      Interim Report 2025



                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.17 Right-of-use assets
        Breakdown of right-of-use assets


                                                     Buildings and
         Item                                        constructions          Others               Total
         1. Original book value
            (1) As at December 31, 2024             176,687,521.17        35,616.04     176,723,137.21
            (2) Increase in 2025                    322,725,518.65        63,028.73     322,788,547.38
                — New lease                         322,725,518.65        63,028.73     322,788,547.38
            (3) Decrease in 2025                    129,035,526.29                      129,035,526.29
                — Expiration of lease               123,226,406.90                      123,226,406.90
                — Early termination                   8,535,828.49                        8,535,828.49
                — Effect of foreign exchange         –2,726,709.10                       –2,726,709.10
            (4) As at June 30, 2025                 370,377,513.53        98,644.77     370,476,158.30
         2. Accumulated depreciation
            (1) As at December 31, 2024             130,645,496.41         4,452.03     130,649,948.44
            (2) Increase in 2025                     52,789,959.22        16,440.84      52,806,400.06
                — Provision                          52,789,959.22        16,440.84      52,806,400.06
            (3) Decrease in 2025                    112,918,827.09                      112,918,827.09
                — Expiration of lease               107,964,756.74                      107,964,756.74
                — Early termination                   7,291,020.40                        7,291,020.40
                — Effect of foreign exchange         –2,336,950.05                       –2,336,950.05
            (4) As at June 30, 2025                  70,516,628.54        20,892.87      70,537,521.41
         3. Provision for impairment
            (1) As at December 31, 2024               2,183,341.71                        2,183,341.71
            (2) Increase in 2025
            (3) Decrease in 2025                      2,183,341.71                        2,183,341.71
                — Expiration of lease                 2,437,688.24                        2,437,688.24
                — Effect of foreign exchange           –254,346.53                         –254,346.53
            (4) As at June 30, 2025
         4. Book value
            (1) As at June 30, 2025                 299,860,884.99        77,751.90     299,938,636.89
            (2) As at December 31, 2024              43,858,683.05        31,164.01      43,889,847.06




                                                                                                     127
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.18 Intangible assets
            5.18.1 Breakdown of intangible assets


                                                                                                                                         Data resource
                                                                                      Non-patented                       Obtained from     self-developed   Obtained by
                   Item                             Land use rights        Patents      technology           Software      outsourcing      and obtained    other means              Total

                   1. Original book value
                      (1) As at December 31, 2024   2,074,172,872.81   2,916,122.26   86,419,716.32   3,247,380,857.70                      38,550,618.09                 5,449,440,187.18
                      (2) Increase in 2025              2,858,571.10                    259,821.23      20,383,093.19                                                       23,501,485.52
                          — Purchase                                                    259,821.23        7,181,849.41                                                        7,441,670.64
                          — Internal R&D                                                                13,201,243.78                                                       13,201,243.78
                          — Others                      2,858,571.10                                                                                                          2,858,571.10
                      (3) Decrease in 2025                                                              –1,711,778.95                                                       –1,711,778.95
                          — Disposition                                                                   8,090,048.26                                                        8,090,048.26
                          — Effect of foreign
                               exchange                                                                 –9,801,827.21                                                       –9,801,827.21
                      (4) As at June 30, 2025       2,077,031,443.91   2,916,122.26   86,679,537.55   3,269,475,729.84                      38,550,618.09                 5,474,653,451.65
                   2. Accumulated depreciation
                      (1) As at December 31, 2024    766,333,901.29     531,112.71    61,212,918.31   2,604,621,845.33                      11,899,836.96                 3,444,599,614.60
                      (2) Increase in 2025            28,676,418.16     145,806.12     4,159,860.49    202,320,007.39                        6,425,103.06                  241,727,195.22
                          — Provision                 25,817,847.06     145,806.12     4,159,860.49    202,320,007.39                        6,425,103.06                  238,868,624.12
                          — Others                      2,858,571.10                                                                                                          2,858,571.10
                      (3) Decrease in 2025                                                                2,509,420.43                                                        2,509,420.43
                          — Disposition                                                                   8,090,048.26                                                        8,090,048.26
                          — Effect of foreign
                               exchange                                                                 –5,580,627.83                                                       –5,580,627.83
                      (4) As at June 30, 2025        795,010,319.45     676,918.83    65,372,778.80   2,804,432,432.29                      18,324,940.02                 3,683,817,389.39
                   3. Provision for impairment
                      (1) As at December 31, 2024
                      (2) Increase in 2025
                      (3) Decrease in 2025
                      (4) As at June 30, 2025
                   4. Book value
                      (1) As at June 30, 2025       1,282,021,124.46   2,239,203.43   21,306,758.75    465,043,297.55                       20,225,678.07                 1,790,836,062.26
                      (2) As at December 31, 2024   1,307,838,971.52   2,385,009.55   25,206,798.01    642,759,012.37                       26,650,781.13                 2,004,840,572.58



                  Intangible assets formed through in-house research and development accounted for 24.56%
                  of the intangible asset balance at the end of the period.




128
                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2025



                                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                            (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.18 Intangible assets (Continued)
        5.18.2 Status of intangible assets of data resources
              (1)     Intangible assets of data resources with indefinite useful lives
                       None.

              (2)     Intangible assets of a single data resource with a significant impact
                       None.

        5.18.3 Status of land use rights for which no title deeds have been issued
               None.

    5.19 Goodwill
        Changes in goodwill


                                                                  Increase in 2025                 Decrease in 2025
                                                   As at     Formed from                                                                As at
         Name of the investee or matters   December 31,      the business                                                           June 30,
         forming goodwill                           2024      combination            Others       Disposal            Others            2025

         Original book value
         Guangzhou Skyecho Information
            Technology Limited                260,400.76                                                                          260,400.76
         OpenJaw Technologies Limited      152,334,357.62                                                                      152,334,357.62
         Sub-total                         152,594,758.38                                                                      152,594,758.38
         Provision for impairment
         Guangzhou Skyecho Information
            Technology Limited
         OpenJaw Technologies Limited      152,334,357.62                                                                      152,334,357.62
         Subtotal                          152,334,357.62                                                                      152,334,357.62


         Book value                           260,400.76                                                                          260,400.76




                                                                                                                                         129
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.20 Long-term deferred expenses

                                                         As at                                                                  As at
                                             December 31,           Increase in      Amortization               Other        June 30,
             Item                                        2024              2025            in 2025         decreases             2025
             Various types of
               renovation and
               transformation works          25,919,254.65       16,582,451.09       10,568,285.60           7,538.52   31,925,881.62


             Total                           25,919,254.65       16,582,451.09       10,568,285.60           7,538.52   31,925,881.62


      5.21 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
            5.21.1 Deferred tax assets before offset


                                                                    As at June 30, 2025                   As at December 31, 2024
                                                                 Deductible                               Deductible
                                                                 temporary         Deferred tax           temporary       Deferred tax
                     Item                                        differences              assets          differences          assets
                     Provision for impairment of
                       assets                                925,428,768.05       139,667,616.41     1,097,918,213.44   165,512,983.67
                     Employee compensation payable
                       accrued more than actually
                       paid                                  206,946,471.07        31,041,970.66      265,313,933.33     39,797,090.00
                     Amortization of intangible assets     1,164,722,812.32       174,710,819.84     1,077,797,544.25   161,672,029.63
                     Accrued expenses                      1,319,875,441.87       197,981,316.28     1,097,663,698.07   164,649,554.71
                     Fixed assets depreciation                   257,211.27            42,439.86          261,159.70         43,091.35
                     Contract liabilities                    271,780,810.47        40,767,121.57      395,059,221.20     59,258,883.18
                     Temporary differences due to
                       lease liabilities                     316,849,121.42        48,535,436.83       48,689,720.11      7,555,210.15
                     Offset amount                          –298,463,338.54       –45,730,828.36      –41,559,144.02     –6,457,805.25


                     Total                                 3,907,397,297.93       587,015,893.09     3,941,144,346.08   592,031,037.44




130
                                                                                                            Interim Report 2025



                                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.21 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
        5.21.2 Deferred tax liabilities before offset


                                                           As at June 30, 2025                As at December 31, 2024
                                                           Taxable                               Taxable
                                                         temporary      Deferred tax           temporary          Deferred tax
               Item                                     differences         liabilities       differences            liabilities
               Changes in fair value of financial
                  instruments held for trading
                  and other non-current
                  financial assets                   195,022,258.67    29,253,338.80       185,623,751.80        27,843,562.77
               Taxable difference arising from
                  asset evaluation increment          25,783,081.87      6,359,497.29       27,669,767.17         6,642,500.08
               Difference arising from
                  accelerated depreciation of
                  fixed assets                        28,052,515.06      4,214,288.03       31,491,505.08         4,746,894.03
               Amortization of intangible assets      47,035,290.80      5,879,411.35       42,127,664.56         5,265,958.07
               Temporary differences due to
                  right-of-use assets                300,647,831.17    46,157,382.32        42,961,890.06         6,659,915.78
               Changes in fair value of
                  investments in other equity
                  instruments                        168,827,200.00    25,324,080.00       129,312,400.00        19,396,860.00
               Offset amount                        –298,463,338.54   –45,730,828.36       –41,559,144.02        –6,457,805.25


               Total                                 466,904,839.03    71,457,169.43       417,627,834.65        64,097,885.48


        5.21.3 Details of unrecognized deferred tax assets


                                                                                             As at                   As at
                                                                                          June 30,            December 31,
               Item                                                                          2025                    2024
               Deductible losses                                                    52,085,279.13              16,164,780.62


               Total                                                                52,085,279.13              16,164,780.62




                                                                                                                              131
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.21 Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities (Continued)
            5.21.4 Deductible losses from unrecognized deferred tax assets will be expired in the following
                   years


                                                                           As at                  As at
                                                                        June 30,           December 31,
                     Year                                                  2025                   2024         Remark
                     2025
                     2026                                          265,207.86                  265,207.86
                     2027                                        2,194,158.89                2,194,158.89
                     2028                                        1,878,478.27                1,878,478.27
                     2029                                        3,144,399.65                3,144,399.65
                     2030                                        6,116,120.04                2,485,606.98
                     2031
                     2032
                     2033                                        6,196,928.97                6,196,928.97
                     2034
                     2035                                       32,289,985.45


                     Total                                      52,085,279.13               16,164,780.62


      5.22 Other non-current assets

                                                    As at June 30, 2025                            As at December 31, 2024
                                                        Provision for                                     Provision for
             Item                       Book balance     impairment        Book value    Book balance       impairment       Book value
             Time deposits and
                interest over one year 142,656,083.32                   142,656,083.32   651,357,806.69                   651,357,806.69


             Total                    142,656,083.32                    142,656,083.32   651,357,806.69                   651,357,806.69


            Note: For time certificates of deposit held by Ping An Bank, Bank of Communications and China Minsheng Banking
                  Corporation for a period of more than one year, of which RMB20,000,000.00 of Ping An Bank, with an interest
                  rate of 2.60% per annum, a maturity period of 1,097 days; RMB60,000,000.00 of Bank of Communications, with
                  an interest rate of 2.15%–2.40% per annum, and a maturity period of 1,096 days; RMB40,000,000.00 of China
                  Minsheng Banking Corporation, with an interest rate of 2.60% per annum, a maturity period of 1,097 days; and
                  increase during the period, China Minsheng Banking Corporation, RMB20,000,000.00, certificates of deposit
                  with interest rates ranging from 1.75% per annum and a term of 1,097 days.




132
                                                                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.23 Assets with restricted ownership or use

                                                              As at June 30, 2025                                                           As at December 31, 2024
                                                                       Type of                                                                          Type of
         Item                    Carrying amount         Book value    restriction   Restrictions                 Carrying amount         Book value    restriction   Restrictions

         Cash and cash           1,821,610,828.61   1,821,610,828.61   Other         Provisions for payment       1,490,398,550.10   1,490,398,550.10   Other         Provisions for payment
                equivalents                                                             operations,                                                                      operations, performance
                                                                                        performance bonds,                                                               bonds, property
                                                                                        channelisation deposits                                                          preservation,
                                                                                        for payments                                                                     channelisation deposits
                                                                                                                                                                         for payments
         Non-current assets       537,921,917.81     537,921,917.81    Other         Ring-fenced funds and
                due within one                                                          interest thereon
                year
         Other non-current                                                                                          530,171,917.81    530,171,917.81    Other         Ring-fenced funds and
                assets                                                                                                                                                   interest thereon


         Total                   2,359,532,746.42   2,359,532,746.42                                              2,020,570,467.91   2,020,570,467.91



    5.24 Short-term borrowings
        5.24.1 Classification of short-term borrowings


                                                                                                                                         As at                               As at
                                                                                                                                      June 30,                        December 31,
                         Item                                                                                                            2025                                2024
                         Credit borrowings                                                                                  924,560,664.59                        1,203,300,592.42


                         Total                                                                                              924,560,664.59                        1,203,300,592.42




                                                                                                                                                                                               133
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.24 Short-term borrowings (Continued)
            5.24.2 Specific information about the borrowings

                                                                 Borrowed                                     Interest Rate
                                                                  principal         Start and end dates       Agreement (Annual
                   Lending bank                                      (RMB)    Start             End           interest rate %)
                   China CITIC Bank Beijing Branch          134,184,083.79    2025/4/28        2026/4/28      One-year LPR
                                                                                                                 reduction 0.65
                   China CITIC Bank Beijing Branch          151,250,111.88    2025/5/28        2026/5/28      One-year LPR
                                                                                                                 reduction 0.65
                   China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.            44,956,571.05    2025/5/20        2026/5/19      One-year LPR
                     Tianjin Branch                                                                              reduction 0.75
                   China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.            40,271,885.60    2025/6/10        2026/6/9       One-year LPR
                     Tianjin Branch                                                                              reduction 0.75
                   China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.            49,333,976.47    2025/6/17        2026/6/16      One-year LPR
                     Tianjin Branch                                                                              reduction 0.75
                   Shanghai Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing           50,000,000.00    2025/6/27        2025/9/7       2.85
                     Branch
                   Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.          35,000,000.00    2025/3/25        2025/9/24      One-year LPR
                     Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch                                                                  reduction 0.70
                   Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.          17,000,000.00    2025/3/27        2025/9/26      One-year LPR
                     Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch                                                                  reduction 0.70
                   Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.          47,000,000.00    2025/5/27        2025/11/26     One-year LPR
                     Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch                                                                  reduction 0.80
                   Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.          22,000,000.00    2025/5/28        2025/11/26     One-year LPR
                     Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch                                                                  reduction 0.80
                   Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.          22,000,000.00    2025/5/29        2025/11/26     One-year LPR
                     Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch                                                                  reduction 0.80
                   Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.          28,000,000.00    2025/6/19        2025/12/18     One-year LPR
                     Beijing Shunyi Sub-branch                                                                  reduction 0.80
                   The Industrial and Commercial Bank        50,000,000.00    2024/9/25        2025/9/24      One-year LPR
                     of China Limited Beijing                                                                   reduction 0.49
                     Dongcheng Sub-branch
                   Beijing Rural Commercial Bank Co.,       100,000,000.00    2025/3/21        2025/11/22     One-year LPR
                     Ltd. Fengtai Sub-branch                                                                    reduction 0.80
                   Shanghai Pudong Development Bank          98,000,000.00    2025/4/11        2025/10/11     One-year LPR
                     Co., Ltd. Tianjin Branch                                                                   reduction 0.70
                   Shanghai Pudong Development Bank          28,423,145.58    2025/6/25        2026/6/24      One-year LPR
                     Co., Ltd. Tianjin Branch                                                                   reduction 0.80
                   Shanghai Pudong Development Bank           6,576,854.42    2025/6/26        2026/6/25      One-year LPR
                     Co., Ltd. Tianjin Branch                                                                   reduction 0.80


                   Total                                    923,996,628.79


                  Note:    The borrowing entity is Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring Co., Ltd., the sub-subsidiary of the Company.




134
                                                                                             Interim Report 2025



                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.25 Accounts payable
        5.25.1 Presentation of accounts payable (based on invoice dates)


                                                                                    As at             As at
                                                                                 June 30,      December 31,
               Item                                                                 2025              2024
               Within 1 year (including 1 year)                        1,335,822,534.30      1,549,348,182.83
               1–2 years (including 2 years)                             620,570,952.61        340,985,846.69
               2–3 years (including 3 years)                             135,545,316.53        186,806,682.64
               Over 3 years                                              117,340,882.90        110,259,454.78


               Total                                                   2,209,279,686.34      2,187,400,166.94


        5.25.2 Significant account payables with aging over one year or past due


                                                                         As at
                                                                      June 30,     Reason for no repayment
               Item                                                      2025      or carry-forward
               Shanghai CAAC Huadong Kaiya System                68,926,623.04     Business is conducted on a
                 Integration Co., Ltd.                                               continuous rolling basis


               Total                                             68,926,623.04


    5.26 Contract liabilities
        5.26.1 Details of contract liabilities


                                                                                    As at             As at
                                                                                 June 30,      December 31,
               Item                                                                 2025              2024
               System integration service contract                      815,475,346.83         645,608,277.80


               Total                                                    815,475,346.83         645,608,277.80




                                                                                                             135
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.26 Contract liabilities (Continued)
            5.26.2 Significant contractual liabilities aged over one year


                                                                            As at    Reasons for
                                                                         June 30,    non-reimbursement or
                   Item                                                     2025     carry-over
                   Air China Limited                                101,714,446.47   Performance obligations
                                                                                       not yet completed
                   China Eastern Airlines Corporation                97,395,402.26   Performance obligations
                     Limited                                                           not yet completed
                   China Southern Airlines Company Limited           89,489,116.90   Performance obligations
                                                                                       not yet completed
                   Shanghai Airlines Co., Ltd.                       76,911,038.54   Performance obligations
                                                                                       not yet completed
                   Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd.                        24,412,881.81   Performance obligations
                                                                                       not yet completed


                   Total                                            389,922,885.98


            5.26.3 Amount from significant change in book value and reason therefor during the reporting
                   period


                   Item                          Changed amount        Reason for change
                   System integration service      169,867,069.03      Increase in uncompleted business during
                     contract                                            the period


                   Total                           169,867,069.03




136
                                                                                                 Interim Report 2025



                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.27 Employee compensation payable
        5.27.1 Presentation of employee benefits payable


                                               As at                                                         As at
                                       December 31,                                                       June 30,
              Item                              2024    Increase in 2025     Decrease in 2025                2025
              Short-term
                  compensation         265,015,401.34     838,333,153.57       875,254,434.44       228,094,120.47
              Post-employment
                benefits — defined
                  contribution plans    19,246,293.77     164,796,797.51       155,436,658.14        28,606,433.14
              Dismissal benefits            68,614.85         416,917.06           389,327.31            96,204.60
              Other benefits due
                  within one year
              Others                     6,237,914.25        5,889,278.88         6,790,289.55        5,336,903.58


              Total                    290,568,224.21    1,009,436,147.02     1,037,870,709.44      262,133,661.79




                                                                                                                137
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.27 Employee compensation payable (Continued)
            5.27.2 Presentation of short-term compensation


                                                           As at                                                   As at
                                                   December 31,                                                June 30,
                   Item                                     2024    Increase in 2025   Decrease in 2025            2025

                   (1) Salaries, bonuses,
                           allowances and
                           subsidies               162,152,695.83     576,528,789.85     642,031,941.32    96,649,544.36
                   (2) Employee welfare                                56,179,128.29      56,179,128.29
                   (3) Social insurance
                           premiums                  2,044,338.32      96,337,111.13      90,754,704.66     7,626,744.79
                      Including: Medical
                                       insurance
                                       premium        931,816.23       89,306,591.38      83,850,883.64     6,387,523.97
                                   Work-related
                                       injury
                                       insurance
                                       premium        133,450.22        1,995,674.40       1,881,137.28      247,987.34
                                   Maternity
                                       insurance
                                       premium        979,071.87        5,034,845.35       5,022,683.74      991,233.48
                   (4) Housing provident
                           funds                     3,197,151.68      81,719,684.25      75,239,825.06     9,677,010.87
                   (5) Labor union
                           expenditures and
                           employee education
                           funds                    97,621,215.51      27,568,440.05      11,048,835.11   114,140,820.45
                   (6) Short-term
                           compensated
                           absences
                   (7) Short-term profit
                           sharing plan


                   Total                           265,015,401.34     838,333,153.57     875,254,434.44   228,094,120.47




138
                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025



                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.27 Employee compensation payable (Continued)
        5.27.3 Presentation of defined contribution plans


                                              As at                                                           As at
                                       December 31,                                                        June 30,
                 Item                          2024    Increase in 2025        Decrease in 2025               2025
                 Basic endowment
                   insurance
                   premium              2,649,289.10        113,848,446.19       104,807,992.55       11,689,742.74
                 Unemployment
                   insurance
                   premium                –71,944.07          3,697,696.58         3,420,794.37          204,958.14
                 Enterprise annuity
                   payment             16,668,948.74         47,250,654.74        47,207,871.22       16,711,732.26


                 Total                 19,246,293.77        164,796,797.51       155,436,658.14       28,606,433.14


    5.28 Taxes payable

                                                                                     As at                 As at
                                                                                  June 30,          December 31,
         Taxes and surcharges                                                        2025                  2024
         Value-added tax                                                       8,402,602.84          14,422,227.08
         Consumption tax                                                                                  2,564.51
         Corporate income tax                                                 58,833,802.84          79,039,645.93
         Individual income tax                                                36,803,784.08          76,287,256.56
         Urban maintenance and construction tax                                3,241,539.15           4,281,711.44
         House property tax                                                    1,568,686.61           1,293,318.52
         Educational surcharge                                                 2,405,526.24           3,311,236.99
         Resource tax                                                              3,382.00
         Land use tax                                                            142,608.91             142,770.48
         Others                                                                1,369,232.23           2,585,962.06


         Total                                                               112,771,164.90         181,366,693.57




                                                                                                                 139
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.29 Other payables

                                                                          As at             As at
                                                                       June 30,      December 31,
             Item                                                         2025              2024
             Interest payable
             Dividends payable                                    721,987,888.11      22,784,396.34
             Other payables                                     2,499,700,832.00   1,929,204,076.46


             Total                                              3,221,688,720.11   1,951,988,472.80


            5.29.1 Dividends payable


                                                                          As at             As at
                                                                       June 30,      December 31,
                     Item                                                 2025              2024
                     Ordinary share dividends                    721,987,888.11      22,784,396.34


                     Total                                       721,987,888.11      22,784,396.34


            5.29.2 Other payables
                 Presentation in terms of nature

                                                                          As at             As at
                                                                       June 30,      December 31,
                     Item                                                 2025              2024
                     E-commerce payment business                1,781,306,684.84   1,436,508,716.22
                     Settlement and clearing business payment     622,762,554.29     379,994,602.76
                     Current amounts                               35,724,244.27      69,874,257.81
                     Social insurance and provident funds          29,215,143.30       5,848,626.10
                     Guaranteed deposits and deposits, etc.        30,692,205.30      36,977,873.57


                     Total                                      2,499,700,832.00   1,929,204,076.46




140
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2025



                                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.30 Non-current liabilities maturing within one year

                                                                                           As at                 As at
                                                                                        June 30,          December 31,
         Item                                                                              2025                  2024
         Long-term borrowing due within one year                                                          200,213,888.89
         Lease liabilities due within one year                                   112,954,536.69            41,364,102.61


         Total                                                                   112,954,536.69           241,577,991.50


    5.31 Other current liabilities

                                                                                           As at                 As at
                                                                                        June 30,          December 31,
         Item                                                                              2025                  2024
         Output tax to be carried forward                                         48,263,726.50            22,905,296.79


         Total                                                                    48,263,726.50            22,905,296.79


    5.32 Long-term borrowings

                                                                                           As at                 As at
                                                                                        June 30,          December 31,
         Item                                                                              2025                  2024
         Credit borrowings                                                       471,540,311.11


         Total                                                                   471,540,311.11

        Note:    The loan is national project funds received by the parent company of the Company. In accordance with the
                 relevant documents issued by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the
                 State Council, the loan is injected into the Company in the form of a commission loan. The principal amount
                 of the loan is RMB471,200,000.00, with a loan term from May 8, 2025 to May 8, 2028. The annual interest
                 rate is 2.60%, with interest paid quarterly and the principal repaid in full at maturity.




                                                                                                                        141
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.33 Lease liabilities

                                                                            As at           As at
                                                                         June 30,    December 31,
             Item                                                           2025            2024
             Lease payments                                         198,907,817.92   10,006,413.39
             Less: Financing charges unrecognized                     6,187,277.13    1,752,839.21


             Total                                                  192,720,540.79    8,253,574.18


      5.34 Long-term payables

                                                                            As at           As at
                                                                         June 30,    December 31,
             Item                                                           2025            2024
             Long-term payables
             Special payables                                          415,709.35       400,237.65


             Total                                                     415,709.35       400,237.65


            Special payables


                                          As at                                              As at
                                  December 31,           Increase        Decrease         June 30,
             Item                         2024            in 2025          in 2025           2025
             Item 1                  395,709.35                                         395,709.35
             Item 2                    4,528.30                           4,528.30
             Item 3                                  100,000.00          80,000.00       20,000.00


             Total                   400,237.65      100,000.00          84,528.30      415,709.35




142
                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025



                                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                             (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.35 Provisions

                                                         As at                                                                 As at
                                               December 31,                                                                 June 30,
         Item                                             2024      Increase in 2025         Decrease in 2025                   2025
         Payment of business risk
           reserve                                    20,000.00                                                            20,000.00
         Leasehold restoration costs                                     1,146,234.61                8,730.85           1,137,503.76


         Total                                        20,000.00          1,146,234.61                8,730.85           1,157,503.76


        Note:    Beijing Yake Technology Development Co., Ltd., a sub-subsidiary of the Group, accrues payment business risk
                 reserves according to its internally issued Yakefa “2020” No. 21 “Payment Business Risk Reserve
                 Management Measures”. According to the management measures, the company withdraws a risk reserve of
                 RMB5,000.00 every six months, with a maximum limit of RMB20,000.00. The management measures were
                 promulgated in July 2020 and will be implemented from the date of promulgation.


    5.36 Deferred income

                                                         As at                                                                 As at
                                               December 31,                                                                 June 30,
         Item                                             2024      Increase in 2025         Decrease in 2025                   2025
         Government grants                           172,500.00          2,040,380.14            1,560,380.14            652,500.00


         Total                                       172,500.00          2,040,380.14            1,560,380.14            652,500.00


    5.37 Share capital

                                                        Changes in 2025 (“+” for increase and “–” for decrease)
                                            As at          New                Conversion                                         As at
                                    December 31,         shares      Share of reserves                                       June 30,
         Item                                2024        issued    donation    into share      Others   Sub-total                2025
         Total shares             2,926,209,589.00                                                                    2,926,209,589.00




                                                                                                                                   143
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.38 Capital reserves

                                                                                           As at                                                                                                     As at
                                                                            December 31,                                                                                                         June 30,
             Item                                                                           2024                Increase in 2025                 Decrease in 2025                                     2025
             Capital (Share capital)
                 premium                                                    840,950,466.11                                                                                              840,950,466.11
             Other capital reserves                                         426,517,644.37                                                                                              426,517,644.37


             Total                                                       1,267,468,110.48                                                                                            1,267,468,110.48


      5.39 Other comprehensive income

                                                                                                                                2025
                                                                                               Less: amount
                                                                                          previously included                                                                     Less: Other
                                                                                                in the other                                                                   comprehensive
                                                                                             comprehensive                                                                          income is
                                                                                                 income and                                              Amount after tax       transferred to
                                                             As at      Amount before              currently                        Amount after tax       attributable to   retained earnings            As at
                                                     December 31,     income tax in the transferred to the       Less: income tax attributable to the            minority       in the current        June 30,
             Item                                             2024       current period        profit or loss           expenses       parent company       shareholders                period            2025

             1. Other comprehensive
                    income that cannot be
                    reclassified into
                    profit or loss                   113,265,760.25       39,514,800.00                              5,927,220.00        33,587,580.00                                           146,853,340.25
               Including: Other
                               comprehensive
                               income not
                               transferable to
                               profit and loss
                               under the equity
                               method                  3,350,220.25                                                                                                                                3,350,220.25
                             Changes in fair
                                value of other
                                equity
                                instrument
                                investments          109,915,540.00       39,514,800.00                              5,927,220.00        33,587,580.00                                           143,503,120.00
             2. Other comprehensive income
                    that will be reclassified into
                    profit or loss                   –14,318,210.94       –2,623,787.68                                                  –2,623,787.68                                           –16,941,998.62
               Including: Translation
                               differences of
                               foreign currency
                               financial
                               statements            –14,318,210.94       –2,623,787.68                                                  –2,623,787.68                                           –16,941,998.62


             Total of other comprehensive
               income                                 98,947,549.31       36,891,012.32                              5,927,220.00        30,963,792.32                                           129,911,341.63




144
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2025



                                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.40 Surplus reserves

                                                      As at                                                          As at
                                              December 31,                                                        June 30,
         Item                                         2024      Increase in 2025     Decrease in 2025                 2025
         Statutory surplus reserves        2,497,864,541.10                                               2,497,864,541.10
         Discretionary surplus
           reserves                        2,011,202,862.77       170,291,613.33                          2,181,494,476.10


         Total                             4,509,067,403.87       170,291,613.33                          4,679,359,017.20


        Note: According to the resolution of the annual general meeting of the Company held on June 12, 2025, the
              discretionary surplus reserve shall be calculated at 10% of the net profit of the parent company.


    5.41 General risk reserves

                                                      As at                                                          As at
                                              December 31,                                                        June 30,
         Item                                         2024      Increase in 2025     Decrease in 2025                 2025
         General risk reserves                13,260,933.32          1,968,015.05                            15,228,948.37


         Total                                13,260,933.32          1,968,015.05                            15,228,948.37


        Note:    The general risk reserves are accrued by the sub-subsidiary of the Company, Antu Jinxin Commercial Factoring
                 Co., Ltd. from net profit, the amount determined at 1% of the balance of risk assets-financing factoring
                 business at the end of the period is deducted from the amount that has been accrued in the book, in
                 accordance with the Circular of the General Office of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory
                 Commission on Strengthening the Supervision and Administration of Commercial Factoring Enterprises
                 (YBJBF [2019] No.205).




                                                                                                                         145
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.42 Retained earnings

                                                                              Six months ended       Six months ended
             Item                                                                 June 30, 2025          June 30, 2024
             Retained profit at the end of the previous year before
               adjustment                                                     13,489,875,636.21       12,171,069,311.04
             Total adjustment to retained profit at the beginning of the
               year (“+” for increase and “–” for decrease)
             Retained profit at the beginning of the year after
               adjustment                                                     13,489,875,636.21       12,171,069,311.04
             Plus: Net profit attributable to shareholders of
                     parent company in the period                              1,447,650,871.75        1,367,221,060.18
             Less: Withdrawal of discretionary surplus reserves                  170,291,613.33          116,981,122.04
                    Withdraw general risk reserve                                  1,968,015.05
                    Ordinary share dividends payable                             699,364,091.77          468,193,534.24


             Retained profit at the end of the period                         14,065,902,787.81       12,953,115,714.94

            Note: As at June 12, 2025, the proposal to distribute the “2024 Final Cash Dividend” was approved at the annual
                  general meeting of the Company, with a dividend of RMB0.239 per share (including tax), with a total
                  distribution of RMB699,364,091.77.




146
                                                                                                           Interim Report 2025



                                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                      For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.43 Operating income and operating costs
        5.43.1 Operating income and operating costs


                                                       For the six months ended              For the six months ended
                                                            June 30, 2025                          June 30, 2024
              Item                                       Revenue               Cost            Revenue                  Cost
              Primary businesses                 3,881,068,480.01   1,601,053,984.38    4,020,210,559.33     1,628,051,310.66
              Other businesses                      13,431,467.13      5,471,912.09       21,580,652.86          6,071,782.76


              Total                              3,894,499,947.14   1,606,525,896.47    4,041,791,212.19     1,634,123,093.42


             Details of operating income:

                                                                                       For the                  For the
                                                                             six months ended         six months ended
              Item                                                               June 30, 2025            June 30, 2024
              Aviation information technology services                        2,313,440,371.70             2,265,032,606.87
              Settlement and clearing services                                  312,469,563.68               277,972,081.00
              System integration services                                       418,354,566.18               679,848,621.92
              Data network services                                             189,532,501.20               216,410,225.60
              Technical support and products income (Note)                      384,961,151.39               295,309,854.78
              Other income                                                      275,741,792.99               307,217,822.02
              Including: Payment business income                                 67,484,785.05                90,490,345.32
                          Leasing, operation and maintenance
                            service income                                        92,044,648.63              108,048,612.95
                          Logistics business income                               25,077,152.68               31,149,710.24
                          Data service income                                     50,355,610.36               44,667,206.01


              Total                                                           3,894,499,947.14             4,041,791,212.19

             Note:    Prior years were disclosed as “Income from technical services”.


        5.43.2 Significant contractual changes or significant transaction price adjustments
             None.




                                                                                                                           147
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.44 Taxes and surcharges

                                                                      For the             For the
                                                            six months ended    six months ended
             Item                                               June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
             Urban construction and maintenance tax             9,558,106.89         8,902,189.46
             Educational surcharges                             5,340,430.26         4,997,824.73
             Local educational surcharges                       3,593,696.20         3,331,882.45
             Property tax                                      23,384,335.61        23,523,948.34
             Land use tax                                         280,908.02           280,946.27
             Vehicle and vessel tax                                44,795.00            56,320.00
             Stamp tax                                          2,537,409.20         3,457,849.29
             Resource tax                                           4,183.80            26,166.80
             Others                                                75,888.66            90,862.27


             Total                                             44,819,753.64        44,667,989.61


      5.45 Selling and distribution expenses

                                                                      For the             For the
                                                            six months ended    six months ended
             Item                                               June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
             Labor costs                                       28,965,739.74        26,612,046.76
             Distribution support costs                         7,786,117.94           800,990.21
             Expenses for business trips                        1,996,741.27         1,759,526.21
             Payments of business cost                          1,843,953.85         3,563,160.80
             Business entertainment fees                        1,445,478.83         1,573,481.02
             Advertising and production costs                   1,320,826.93           903,869.64
             Technical support fees                               700,540.64         1,761,556.63
             Amortization expenses of right-of-use assets         283,569.10           278,527.39
             Depreciation expenses of fixed assets                246,466.28           281,917.88
             Conference fees                                      200,353.32           148,256.38
             Other costs                                        1,081,137.46         1,204,619.99


             Total                                             45,870,925.36        38,887,952.91




148
                                                                                       Interim Report 2025



                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.46 General and administrative expenses

                                                                            For the             For the
                                                                  six months ended    six months ended
         Item                                                         June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
         Labor costs                                                391,941,391.67       272,653,026.46
         Depreciation expenses of fixed assets                       58,817,250.22        54,687,294.74
         Technical support and maintenance fees                      50,335,714.06        13,064,245.48
         Amortization expenses of intangible assets                  34,232,956.30        44,143,409.86
         Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets                24,041,545.54        29,547,464.21
         Property management fees of office building                 11,728,657.48         6,586,069.00
         Utility costs                                                8,711,851.75         8,946,166.38
         Amortization of renovation costs                             8,358,787.37            96,910.68
         Expenses for business trips                                  8,055,325.67         6,775,130.79
         Consulting fees                                              4,644,347.18         2,471,531.16
         Other costs                                                 19,375,246.12        25,334,532.21


         Total                                                      620,243,073.36       464,305,780.97


    5.47 Research and development expenses

                                                                            For the             For the
                                                                  six months ended    six months ended
         Item                                                         June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
         Labor costs                                                101,479,043.24       278,365,832.47
         Technical support fees                                      53,868,577.70       109,606,899.36
         Depreciation expenses of fixed assets                        5,974,175.58        23,993,798.00
         Amortization expenses of intangible assets                   2,435,826.96        12,921,267.03
         Depreciation expenses of right-of-use assets                 2,076,878.48         5,202,134.38
         Amortization of renovation costs                               185,174.12           517,596.70
         Expenses for business trips                                     98,829.60         1,212,744.62
         Other costs                                                    205,343.27           140,057.12


         Total                                                      166,323,848.95       431,960,329.68




                                                                                                      149
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.48 Financial expenses

                                                                                   For the             For the
                                                                         six months ended    six months ended
             Item                                                            June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
             Interest expenses                                               7,799,447.56         6,435,439.83
             Including: Interest expenses of lease liabilities               4,139,975.05         2,877,106.50
             Less: Interest income                                          57,411,998.60        73,390,563.96
             Gains or losses on foreign currency exchange                   –7,682,253.61       –12,668,301.80
             Others                                                          1,388,070.24           969,695.34


             Total                                                         –55,906,734.41       –78,653,730.59


      5.49 Other income

                                                                                   For the             For the
                                                                         six months ended    six months ended
             Item                                                            June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
             Government grants                                                1,560,380.14        5,226,905.16
             Handling fees for withholding, collecting and taxation on
               behalf of tax authorities                                      2,143,153.32          998,720.53
             Others                                                             199,511.47        1,452,001.52


             Total                                                            3,903,044.93        7,677,627.21


      5.50 Investment income

                                                                                   For the             For the
                                                                         six months ended    six months ended
             Item                                                            June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
             Income from long-term equity investments calculated
                under equity method                                         11,043,198.77         2,121,237.91
             Gains from disposal of long-term equity investment                115,292.51         7,672,908.84
             Income from held-for-trading financial assets during the
                holding period                                                8,858,877.99       29,540,454.50
             Interest income from debt investment during the holding
                period                                                        8,697,113.52


             Total                                                          28,714,482.79        39,334,601.25




150
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.51 Gains from changes in fair value

                                                                              For the             For the
                                                                    six months ended    six months ended
         Sources of income from changes in fair value                   June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
         Financial assets held for trading                               3,941,859.78         2,068,287.67
         Other non-current financial assets                              5,456,647.07        –1,583,785.91


         Total                                                           9,398,506.85           484,501.76


    5.52 Losses from credit impairment

                                                                              For the             For the
                                                                    six months ended    six months ended
         Item                                                           June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
         Bad debts of notes receivable                                 –5,637,209.19         –7,791,177.90
         Bad debts of accounts receivable                            –170,908,026.63        –57,872,823.06


         Total                                                       –176,545,235.82        –65,664,000.96


    5.53 Losses from assets impairment

                                                                              For the             For the
                                                                    six months ended    six months ended
         Item                                                           June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
         Losses from impairment of contract assets                     –2,069,412.78          6,021,305.48


         Total                                                         –2,069,412.78          6,021,305.48


    5.54 Gains from disposal of assets

                                                                                        Amount included
                                                        For the               For the   in non-recurring
                                              six months ended      six months ended profit or loss in the
         Item                                     June 30, 2025         June 30, 2024      current period
         Disposal of right-of-use assets             2,770,420.98           16,487.46         2,770,420.98
         Disposal of fixed assets                      –36,577.12                               –36,577.12


         Total                                       2,733,843.86           16,487.46         2,733,843.86




                                                                                                         151
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.55 Non-operating income

                                                                                            Amount included
                                                              For the             For the   in non-recurring
                                                    six months ended    six months ended profit or loss in the
             Item                                       June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024      current period
             Gains from damage and scrapping
               of non-current assets                       43,524.37           305,565.33            43,524.37
             Indemnities                                  600,377.77                                600,377.77
             Penalties                                    449,500.00                                449,500.00
             Others                                       824,037.59         2,857,144.96           824,037.59


             Total                                       1,917,439.73        3,162,710.29         1,917,439.73


      5.56 Non-operating expenses

                                                                                            Amount included
                                                              For the             For the   in non-recurring
                                                    six months ended    six months ended profit or loss in the
             Item                                       June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024      current period
             Donations                                 12,000,000.00         9,604,804.43        12,000,000.00
             Losses from the damage and
               scrapping of non-current assets            674,193.13           387,525.83           674,193.13
             Late payment penalties                       595,653.30                                595,653.30
             Others                                       715,405.68         1,103,821.71           715,405.68


             Total                                     13,985,252.11        11,096,151.97        13,985,252.11


      5.57 Income tax expenses
            5.57.1 List of income tax expenses


                                                                                  For the             For the
                                                                        six months ended    six months ended
                     Item                                                   June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
                     Current income tax expenses                          223,315,007.29        205,178,667.96
                     Deferred income tax expenses                           5,821,525.29         23,728,131.02


                     Total                                                229,136,532.58        228,906,798.98




152
                                                                                           Interim Report 2025



                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.57 Income tax expenses (Continued)
        5.57.2 Adjustment process of accounting profits and income tax expenses


                                                                                                    For the
                                                                                          six months ended
                Item                                                                          June 30, 2025
                Total profits                                                              1,677,919,898.42
                Income tax expenses calculated at statutory or applicable tax rate           251,687,984.76
                Effect of different tax rates applicable to subsidiaries                         277,545.38
                Influence of adjustments to the income tax for the prior periods             –14,626,810.71
                Influence of non-taxable income                                               –3,401,577.47
                Influence of non-deductible costs, expenses and losses                        –6,107,947.06
                Influence of using the deductible losses related to deferred tax assets
                   unrecognized in previous periods                                                7,186.45
                Influence of unrecognized deferred tax assets and deductible temporary
                   differences or losses in current period                                    9,392,324.22
                Additional deduction for research and development expenses                   –8,092,172.99


                Income tax expenses                                                         229,136,532.58


    5.58 Earnings per share
        Basic earnings per share
        Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the consolidated net profit attributable to the
        ordinary shareholders of the Company by the weighted average of the Company’s outstanding
        ordinary shares:

                                                                                For the             For the
                                                                      six months ended    six months ended
         Item                                                             June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
         Consolidated net profit attributable to the ordinary
           shareholders of the Company                                 1,447,650,871.75    1,367,221,060.18
         Weighted average of the Company’s outstanding ordinary
           shares                                                      2,926,209,589.00    2,926,209,589.00
         Basic earnings per share                                                  0.49                0.47
         Including: Basic earnings per share from continuing
                      operations                                                   0.49                0.47
                    Basic earnings per share from discontinued
                      operations


        As at June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024, the Company has no potential dilutive ordinary shares.




                                                                                                          153
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.59 Supplementary information to the income statement with expenses classified
           by nature
            Operating costs, selling and distribution expenses, general and administrative expenses, research
            and development expenses, and financial expenses in income statement are classified by nature
            and listed as below:

                                                                                           For the               For the
                                                                                 six months ended      six months ended
             Item                                                                    June 30, 2025         June 30, 2024
             Labor costs                                                            968,205,905.03        937,784,697.11
             Depreciation and amortization expenses                                 438,093,585.03        531,601,541.07
             Integrated business cost of sales (Note 1)                             200,791,856.19        418,795,447.39
             Technical support and maintenance fees                                 285,497,819.33        286,074,482.24
             Departure and distribution support costs (Note 2)                      307,217,913.89        303,274,800.69
             Internet usage fees                                                     42,630,973.57         44,190,427.67
             Financial expenses                                                     –55,906,734.41        –78,653,730.59
             Other operating costs                                                  196,525,691.10         47,555,760.81


             Total                                                                2,383,057,009.73      2,490,623,426.39

            Note 1:   Prior year was disclosed as “Costs of sales of software and hardware”;


            Note 2:   Prior year was disclosed as “Commission and promotion expenses”, and the payment services cost therein
                      was classified as other operating costs.




154
                                                                                              Interim Report 2025



                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.60 Items of statement of cash flows
        5.60.1 Cash flows from operating activities
             5.60.1.1 Other cash receipts relating to operating activities

                                                                                For the                For the
                                                                      six months ended       six months ended
                    Item                                                  June 30, 2025          June 30, 2024
                    Government grants received                                2,087,469.23        5,844,643.58
                    Interest income received from bank deposits              31,452,713.55       49,959,913.09
                    Guarantee funds and quality guarantee
                       deposits received                                  19,016,906.88          11,220,816.05
                    Current accounts between entities received            67,758,236.51          38,922,652.01
                    Other non-operating income received                    1,581,897.45             394,750.53
                    Collections and payments received                     36,639,145.96         105,053,766.33
                    Others                                            57,500,286,441.22      66,228,905,606.87


                    Total                                             57,658,822,810.80      66,440,302,148.46


             5.60.1.2 Other cash payments relating to operating activities

                                                                                For the                For the
                                                                      six months ended       six months ended
                    Item                                                  June 30, 2025          June 30, 2024
                    General and administrative expenses paid             127,511,094.37          68,639,356.06
                    Selling and distribution expenses paid                14,778,224.24           6,764,359.36
                    Research and development expenses paid                57,752,209.36         123,277,740.86
                    Bank charges paid                                      1,647,494.66             980,533.49
                    Non-operating expenses paid                            1,248,578.07             520,337.37
                    Security deposit paid                                 25,038,429.05           6,802,432.47
                    Current accounts between entities paid               381,111,608.09          11,579,550.03
                    Others                                            57,237,860,299.43      65,722,280,302.90


                    Total                                             57,846,947,937.27      65,940,844,612.54




                                                                                                             155
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.60 Items of statement of cash flows (Continued)
            5.60.2 Cash flows from investing activities
                 5.60.2.1 Other cash receipts relating to investing activities

                                                                                    For the             For the
                                                                          six months ended    six months ended
                         Item                                                 June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
                         Recovery of fixed asset purchases                                            37,250.00


                         Total                                                                        37,250.00


                 5.60.2.2 Other cash payments relating to investing activities

                                                                                    For the             For the
                                                                          six months ended    six months ended
                         Item                                                 June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
                         Net decrease in cash from disposal of
                           subsidiaries                                                              442,553.74


                         Total                                                                       442,553.74




156
                                                                                                                    Interim Report 2025



                                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                           (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.60 Items of statement of cash flows (Continued)
        5.60.3 Cash flows from financing activities
             5.60.3.1 Other cash payments relating to financing activities

                                                                                              For the                        For the
                                                                                    six months ended               six months ended
                    Item                                                                June 30, 2025                  June 30, 2024
                    Lease liabilities paid                                               45,609,797.71                 56,690,329.14
                    Donations                                                            12,000,000.00                  9,600,000.00


                    Total                                                                57,609,797.71                 66,290,329.14

                   Note:    External donations represent funds are for poverty alleviation.


             5.60.3.2 Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                              Increase in 2025                  Decrease in 2025
                                              As at                                                                                 As at
                                      December 31,                           Non-cash                         Non-cash          June 30,
                    Item                      2024 Cash movements          movements Cash movements          movements              2025
                    Short-term
                      borrowings    1,203,300,592.42 1,504,709,645.78    12,536,986.94 1,795,986,560.55                    924,560,664.59
                    Long-term
                      borrowings     200,213,888.89    471,200,000.00     3,587,680.00   203,247,368.89       213,888.89   471,540,311.11
                    Lease
                      liabilities     49,617,676.79                     317,068,377.87    45,609,797.71    15,401,179.47   305,675,077.48




                                                                                                                                      157
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.61 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow
            5.61.1 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows


                                                                                     For the             For the
                                                                           six months ended    six months ended
                   Supplementary information                                   June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
                   1. Net profit adjusted to cash flows from
                        operating activities
                      Net profit                                            1,448,783,365.84    1,376,815,468.69
                      Plus: Losses from credit impairment                    –176,545,235.82      –65,664,000.96
                            Losses from impairment of assets                   –2,069,412.78        6,021,305.48
                            Depreciation expenses of fixed assets             134,933,480.63      199,954,208.87
                            Depletion of oil and gas assets
                            Depreciation of right-of-use assets               52,806,400.06        55,076,416.65
                            Amortization of intangible assets                240,012,052.52       276,193,241.60
                            Amortization of long-term deferred
                              expenses                                        10,568,285.60         1,102,487.35
                            Losses from disposal of fixed assets,
                              intangible assets and other long-term
                              assets (“–” for gains)                          –2,733,843.86           –16,487.46
                            Losses from scrapping of fixed assets
                              (“–” for gains)                                   –630,668.76            81,960.50
                            Losses from changes in fair value
                              (“–” for gains)                                 –9,398,506.85          –484,501.76
                            Financial expenses (“–” for gains)                12,189,551.55        –6,232,861.97
                            Investment losses (“–” for gains)                –28,714,482.79       –39,334,601.25
                            Decreases in deferred tax assets
                              (“–” for increases)                               5,015,144.35       25,913,611.05
                            Increases in deferred tax liabilities
                              (“–” for decreases)                              7,359,283.95          –854,173.64
                            Decreases in inventories (“–” for increases)     –26,269,148.88       –56,542,543.35
                            Decreases in operating receivables
                              (“–” for increases)                          –1,179,032,247.51   –1,065,884,842.82
                            Increases in operating payables
                              (“–” for decreases)                            828,477,528.35       581,291,271.02
                            Others
                      Net cash flow from operating activities               1,314,751,545.60    1,287,435,958.00




158
                                                                                         Interim Report 2025



                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.61 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow (Continued)
        5.61.1 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flows (Continued)


                                                                              For the             For the
                                                                    six months ended    six months ended
              Supplementary information                                 June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
              2. Significant investing and financing activities
                   not involving cash receipts and payments
                 Debt transferred into capital
                 Convertible corporate bonds maturing within one
                   year
                 Acquisition of right-of-use assets by assumption
                   of lease liabilities
              3. Net change in cash and cash equivalents
                 Ending balance of cash                              6,621,212,164.01    9,562,540,286.34
                 Less: Beginning balance of cash                    10,507,711,480.03    7,276,531,274.65
                 Plus: Ending balance of cash equivalents
                 Less: Beginning balance of cash equivalents
                 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents          –3,886,499,316.02    2,286,009,011.69




                                                                                                        159
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.61 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow (Continued)
            5.61.2 Breakdowns of cash and cash equivalents


                                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                                   June 30,        December 31,
                   Item                                                               2025                2024
                   I. Cash                                                6,621,212,164.01     10,507,711,480.03
                       Including: Cash on hand                                    1,126.46             10,958.18
                                   Unrestricted digital currency              3,891,933.25          2,931,986.43
                                   Unrestricted bank deposit              6,611,417,068.38     10,502,384,389.29
                                   Unrestricted other monetary asset          5,902,035.92          2,384,146.13
                   II. Cash equivalents
                        Including: Bond investments maturing within
                                     three months
                   III. Ending balance of cash and cash equivalents       6,621,212,164.01     10,507,711,480.03
                         Including: Cash and cash equivalents with
                                      restricted use right by parent
                                      company or subsidiaries of
                                      the Group


                  Restricted use but still presented as cash and cash equivalents:

                                                           As at                As at
                                                    December 31,         December 31,     Reasons for being cash
                   Item                                    2025                 2024      and cash equivalents
                   PBOC’s Client Reserve         1,794,328,836.73      1,449,123,533.46   Ready to be used for
                     Funds                                                                  the settlement of
                                                                                            daily operations of
                                                                                            the payer


                   Total                         1,794,328,836.73      1,449,123,533.46




160
                                                                                        Interim Report 2025



                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.61 Supplementary information to the statement of cash flow (Continued)
        5.61.2 Breakdowns of cash and cash equivalents (Continued)
             Monetary funds not classified as cash and cash equivalents:

                                                    As at              As at      Reasons for not being
                                                  June 3,       December 31,      cash and cash
                Item                                2025               2024       equivalents
                Performance bond            25,372,521.81        28,590,768.45    Restricted and unable
                                                                                    to use
                Property preservation                            10,775,011.90    Restricted and unable
                                                                                    to use
                Letter of Credit Deposit                          1,400,000.00    Restricted and unable
                                                                                    to use
                Payment Gateway Margin         507,170.07            506,936.29   Restricted and unable
                                                                                    to use
                Others                        1,402,300.00             2,300.00   Restricted and unable
                                                                                    to use


                Total                       27,281,991.88        41,275,016.64


    5.62 Foreign currency monetary items

                                            Foreign currency                          Converted RMB
                                            balance at end of                      balance at the end
         Item                                          period        Exchange rate      of the period
         Cash and bank balances                                                         309,917,892.15
         Including: USD                         29,643,420.15               7.1586      212,205,387.49
                    EUR                          1,455,790.45               8.4024       12,232,133.68
                    HKD                         88,442,116.10               0.9120       80,659,209.88
                    Other currencies            22,226,217.45                             4,821,161.10
         Accounts receivable                                                            295,376,113.03
         Including: USD                         22,423,596.81               7.1586      160,521,560.12
                    EUR                          3,652,368.96               8.4024       30,688,664.95
                    HKD                         63,828,283.12               0.9120       58,211,394.21
                    Other currencies            82,615,421.63                            45,954,493.75




                                                                                                       161
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5     NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (CONTINUED)
      5.63 Lease
            5.63.1 The Company as the lessee


                                                                                       For the              For the
                                                                             six months ended     six months ended
                   Items                                                         June 30, 2025        June 30, 2024
                   Interest expense arising from lease liabilities                4,139,975.05         2,877,106.50
                   Short-term lease expenses that are simplified
                      treated to include in the cost of related assets or
                      current profits and losses                                    56,123.90             67,695.74
                   Lease expenses for low value assets that are
                      simplified treated to include in the cost of related
                      assets or current profits and losses (exclude
                      short-term lease for low value assets)                        77,113.76            235,311.32
                   Total cash outflows in relation to lease                     45,754,871.61         57,093,304.38


                  The Company’s anticipated cash outflows from leases in future years, committed but not
                  commenced, are as follows:

                                                                                                 Undiscounted lease
                   Remaining lease terms                                                                  payments
                   Within 1 year                                                                     121,294,241.30
                   1–2 years                                                                         116,279,651.07
                   2–3 years                                                                          79,562,265.24
                   Over 3 years                                                                        3,772,727.87


                   Total                                                                             320,908,885.48




162
                                                                                         Interim Report 2025



                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


5   NOTES TO ITEMS OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    (CONTINUED)
    5.63 Lease (Continued)
        5.63.2 The Company as the lessor
             (1)   Operating lease

                                                                              For the             For the
                                                                    six months ended    six months ended
                                                                        June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
                     Income from operating leases                      14,412,037.48        22,553,876.60
                     Including: Income related to variable lease
                                  payments not included in
                                  lease receipts


                   Undiscounted lease receipts to be received after the balance sheet date are as follows:

                                                                              For the             For the
                                                                    six months ended    six months ended
                     Remaining lease terms                              June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
                     Within 1 year                                     22,189,543.98        43,370,048.03
                     1–2 years                                         20,091,960.44        42,259,826.22
                     2–3 years                                         19,431,592.82        41,086,266.54
                     3–4 years                                         19,130,176.80        41,032,523.24
                     4–5 years                                          3,090,175.98        41,062,911.56
                     Over 5 years                                       6,041,450.16        12,907,778.26


                     Total                                             89,974,900.18       221,719,353.85


    5.64 Data resources
        5.64.1 Data resource assessment status
             None.

        5.64.2 Other data resource-related information
             None.




                                                                                                        163
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


6     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES
      6.1 Research and development expenditures

                                                                                             For the                  For the
                                                                                   six months ended         six months ended
             Item                                                                      June 30, 2025            June 30, 2024
             Labor costs                                                               128,860,782.55           295,221,402.64
             Depreciation and amortization expenses                                     10,672,055.14            42,642,573.40
             Technical support fee                                                      82,687,301.04           114,302,665.31
             Others                                                                        324,400.66             1,345,024.45
             Total                                                                     222,544,539.39           453,511,665.80
             Including: Expensed R&D expenditure                                       166,323,848.95           431,960,329.68
                        Capitalized R&D expenditure                                     56,220,690.44            21,551,336.12


            The Company’s expensed data resource research and development expenditures for the current
            period were RMB166,323,848.95, and the capitalized data resource research and development
            expenditures were RMB56,220,690.44.

      6.2 Development expenditures

                                                           Increase in 2025                  Decrease in 2025
                                            As at         Internal                     Recognized as                         As at
                                     December 31,    development                        an intangible                    June 30,
             Item                            2024    expenditures             Others           asset        Others           2025

             Item 1                  29,133,718.79    4,313,847.63                                                   33,447,566.42
             Item 2                                  20,716,704.94                                                   20,716,704.94
             Item 3                                  20,996,797.62                                                   20,996,797.62
             Item 4                                   3,667,353.18                                                    3,667,353.18
             Item 5                                    547,249.87                                                      547,249.87
             Item 6                  11,196,503.37     773,304.97                                                    11,969,808.34
             Item 7                     967,847.22     497,891.51                                                     1,465,738.73
             Item 8                   4,966,227.07                                       4,966,227.07
             Item 9                   1,794,966.47                                       1,794,966.47
             Item 10                  1,732,509.52                                       1,732,509.52
             Item 11                                  4,707,540.72                       4,707,540.72
             Subtotal                49,791,772.44   56,220,690.44                      13,201,243.78                92,811,219.10
             Less: Provisions for
                        impairment


             Total                   49,791,772.44   56,220,690.44                      13,201,243.78                92,811,219.10




164
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                        For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


6   RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENDITURES (CONTINUED)
    6.2 Development expenditures (Continued)
        The situation of important capitalized R&D projects

                                                                                         The point at     The specific basis for
                                                                                         which the        determining the point
                    End-of-period R&D      Estimated         How economic benefits       capitalization   at which capitalization
         Item       progress               completion time   are expected to arise       begins           begins
         Item 1     Overall progress has   December, 2025    Formation of                September,       Start capitalisation
                      reached 79%                              corresponding               2023              with company
                                                               products and                                  project approval
                                                               subsequent
                                                               introduction into the
                                                               market
         Item 2     Overall progress has   December, 2025    Formation of                January, 2025    Start capitalisation
                      reached 50%                              corresponding                                 with company
                                                               products and                                  project approval
                                                               subsequent
                                                               introduction into the
                                                               market
         Item 3     Overall progress has   December, 2027    Formation of                February, 2025   Start capitalisation
                      reached 28%                              corresponding                                 with company
                                                               products and                                  project approval
                                                               subsequent
                                                               introduction into the
                                                               market
         Item 4     Overall progress has   December, 2025    Formation of                February, 2025   Start capitalisation
                      reached 40%                              corresponding                                 with company
                                                               products and                                  project approval
                                                               subsequent
                                                               introduction into the
                                                               market
         Item 5     Overall progress has   April, 2026       Formation of                April, 2025      Start capitalisation
                      reached 20%                              corresponding                                 with company
                                                               products and                                  project approval
                                                               subsequent
                                                               introduction into the
                                                               market
         Item 6     The Company is         December, 2025    Formation of                January, 2023    Start capitalisation
                      currently                                corresponding                                 with company
                      continuing its                           products and                                  project approval
                      research and                             subsequent
                      development                              introduction into the
                      efforts                                  market
         Item 7     The R&D progress is    December, 2027    Operations and              October, 2024    Start capitalisation
                      approximately                            Promotion for Civil                           with company
                      46.67%                                   Aviation Industry                             project approval
                                                               Clients




                                                                                                                                 165
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


7     CHANGE OF THE CONSOLIDATION SCOPE
      The scope of consolidation remains unchanged.


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES
      8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries
            8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group

                                          Principal place of                             Registered
                                          business and                                      Capital
                                          registration                                      (in ten                                                         Way of
                   Name of subsidiary     place                Business type             thousand)    Nature of Business          Shareholding ratio (%)    acquisition
                                                                                                                                   Directly    Indirectly

                   Chongqing Civil        Chongqing,           Limited liability           1,480.00   Provision of electronic         51.00                 Investment
                     Aviation Cares         China                 company                               travel distribution,
                     Information                                  (state-owned                          airport passenger
                     Technology Co.,                              holding)                              processing and cargo
                     Ltd.                                                                               management services;
                                                                                                        and sales and
                                                                                                        installation of related
                                                                                                        information systems
                   Hunan TravelSky        Changsha, China      Limited liability           3,000.00   Planning and                  100.00                  Investment
                     Technology                                   company (sole                         construction,
                     Limited                                      proprietorship                        operation
                                                                  invested or                           management,
                                                                  controlled by a                       technical support,
                                                                  non-natural                           product research and
                                                                  person)                               development and
                                                                                                        e-commerce of
                                                                                                        computer reservation,
                                                                                                        departure and freight
                                                                                                        transportation and
                                                                                                        other application
                                                                                                        systems
                   Xi’an Civil Aviation   Xi’an, China         Limited liability           1,500.00   Computer software and           51.00                 Investment
                     Cares                                        company                               hardware
                     Technology Co.,                                                                    development and data
                     Ltd.                                                                               network services
                   Hubei Civil Aviation   Wuhan, China         Other limited liability     1,500.00   Provision of electronic         62.50         7.68    Investment
                     Cares Co., Ltd.                              companies                             travel distribution,
                                                                                                        airport passenger
                                                                                                        processing and cargo
                                                                                                        management services;
                                                                                                        and sales and
                                                                                                        installation of related
                                                                                                        information systems
                   Xinjiang Civil         Urumqi, China        Limited liability           1,000.00   Computer software and           51.00                 Investment
                     Aviation Cares                               company                               hardware
                     Technology Co.,                              (state-owned                          development and data
                     Ltd.                                         holding)                              network services




166
                                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries (Continued)
        8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group (Continued)

                                                                                  Registered
                                                                                     Capital
                                   Principal place of                                (in ten                                                        Way of
              Name of subsidiary   business             Business type             thousand)    Nature of Business         Shareholding ratio (%)    acquisition
                                                                                                                           Directly    Indirectly

              Shenzhen Civil       Shenzhen, China      limited liability           6,100.00   Provision of e-tourism         61.47                 Investment
                Aviation Cares                             company                               distribution and
                Co., Ltd.                                                                        freight management
                                                                                                 services; and the sale
                                                                                                 and installation of
                                                                                                 relevant information
                                                                                                 systems
              Shanghai TravelSky   Shanghai, China      Limited liability             400.00   Computer software and        100.00                  Investment
                Technology                                 company (sole                         hardware
                Limited                                    proprietorship                        development and data
                                                           invested or                           network services
                                                           controlled by a
                                                           non-natural
                                                           person)
              Xiamen Civil         Xiamen, China        Other limited liability     2,000.00   Computer software and          51.00                 Investment
                Aviation Cares                             companies                             hardware
                Co., Ltd.                                                                        development and data
                                                                                                 network services
              Qingdao Civil        Qingdao, China       Other limited liability     5,000.00   Computer software and          51.00                 Investment
                Aviation Cares                             companies                             hardware
                Co., Ltd.                                                                        development and data
                                                                                                 network services
              Hainan Civil         Haikou, China        Other limited liability     1,000.00   Provision of e-tourism         68.94                 Investment
                Aviation Cares                             companies                             distribution and
                Co., Ltd.                                                                        freight management
                                                                                                 services; and the sale
                                                                                                 and installation of
                                                                                                 relevant information
                                                                                                 systems
              Guangzhou            Guangzhou,           Limited liability          40,000.00   Computer software and        100.00                  Investment
                TravelSky            China                 company (sole                         hardware
                Technology                                 proprietorship)                       development and data
                Limited                                                                          network services
              Accounting Center    Beijing, China       Limited liability          75,978.52   Settlement, liquidation      100.00                  Business
                of China                                   company (sole                         services and related                                 combination
                Aviation                                   proprietorship)                       information system                                   under
                                                                                                 development and                                      common
                                                                                                 support services                                     control




                                                                                                                                                                  167
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries (Continued)
            8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group (Continued)

                                                                                       Registered
                                                                                          Capital
                                         Principal place of                               (in ten                                                        Way of
                   Name of subsidiary    business             Business type            thousand)    Nature of Business         Shareholding ratio (%)    acquisition
                                                                                                                                Directly    Indirectly

                   Beijing Yake          Beijing, China       Limited liability         15,612.16   Technology promotion         100.00                  Investment
                     Technology                                  company (sole                        service, computer
                     Development                                 proprietorship)                      software technology
                     Co., Ltd.                                                                        development,
                                                                                                      computer system
                                                                                                      engineering design
                                                                                                      and installation
                   Antu Jinxin           Beijing, China       Limited liability         13,000.00   Provision of trade           100.00                  Investment
                     Commercial            Tianjin, China        company (sole                        financing in the form
                     Factoring Co.,                              proprietorship)                      of transferring
                     Ltd.                                                                             accounts receivable;
                                                                                                      receipt, payment,
                                                                                                      settlement,
                                                                                                      management and
                                                                                                      collection of accounts
                                                                                                      receivable;
                                                                                                      management of sales
                                                                                                      sub-account (ledger);
                                                                                                      customer credit
                                                                                                      investigation and
                                                                                                      evaluation; related
                                                                                                      consulting services;
                                                                                                      other businesses
                                                                                                      permitted by laws and
                                                                                                      regulations
                   Infosky Information   Beijing, China       Limited liability         $2,548.00   Provision of freight           94.62         5.38    Investment
                     Technology Co.,                             company                              management services
                     Ltd.                                        (Sino-foreign joint                  and related software
                                                                 venture)                             and technology
                                                                                                      development;
                                                                                                      provision of technical
                                                                                                      support, training and
                                                                                                      information services
                   TravelSky Cares       Beijing, China       Limited liability          1,000.00   Real estate development      100.00                  Investment
                     (Beijing) Real                              company (sole                        and sales, self-
                     Estate Co., Ltd.                            proprietorship)                      developed commercial
                                                                                                      housing contracting,
                                                                                                      labor service
                                                                                                      subcontracting and
                                                                                                      investment
                                                                                                      management




168
                                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                       (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries (Continued)
        8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group (Continued)

                                                                               Registered
                                                                                  Capital
                                   Principal place of                             (in ten                                                        Way of
              Name of subsidiary   business             Business type          thousand)    Nature of Business         Shareholding ratio (%)    acquisition
                                                                                                                        Directly    Indirectly

              Beijing TravelSky    Beijing, China       Limited liability        7,200.00   Domestic travel business     100.00                  Investment
                Travel Agency                              company (sole                      and inbound travel
                Co., Ltd.                                  proprietorship)                    business
              Travelsky Yunzhi     Beijing, China       Limited liability        5,000.00   Computer system              100.00                  Investment
                Technology                                 company (sole                      services, data
                (Beijing) Co.,                             proprietorship)                    processing, computer
                Ltd.                                                                          and communication
                                                                                              equipment leasing,
                                                                                              technical services and
                                                                                              technical consulting
              Inner Mongolia       Hohhot, China        Limited liability          500.00   Computer and auxiliary       100.00                  Investment
                TravelSky                                  company (sole                      equipment, sales,
                Technology                                 proprietorship                     leasing, maintenance
                Limited                                    invested or                        and technical
                                                           controlled by a                    consulting; computer
                                                           non-natural                        system services and
                                                           person)                            tourist information
                                                                                              consulting
              Zhejiang TravelSky   Hangzhou, China      Limited liability        3,734.73   Contracting of computer        51.00                 Business
                Technology                                 company                            software and                                         combination
                Limited                                    (foreign-invested                  hardware engineering,                                under
                                                           enterprise and                     airport air traffic                                  common
                                                           domestic-funded                    control engineering                                  control
                                                           joint venture)                     and building weak
                                                                                              current system
                                                                                              engineering, and
                                                                                              computer software
                                                                                              and hardware, sales,
                                                                                              maintenance, leasing
                                                                                              and technical
                                                                                              consulting services
              Henan TravelSky      Zhengzhou,           Limited liability        1,000.00   Contracting of computer      100.00                  Investment
                Technology           China                 company (sole                      software and
                Limited                                    proprietorship                     hardware engineering
                                                           invested or                        projects; technical
                                                           controlled by a                    consultation and
                                                           non-natural                        service; system
                                                           person)                            integration




                                                                                                                                                               169
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries (Continued)
            8.1.1 Structure of the enterprise group (Continued)

                                                                                        Registered
                                                                                           Capital
                                        Principal place of                                  (in ten                                                        Way of
                   Name of subsidiary   business             Business type               thousand)    Nature of Business         Shareholding ratio (%)    acquisition
                                                                                                                                  Directly    Indirectly

                   Beijing TravelSky    Beijing, China       Limited liability            5,001.00    Technology development,      100.00                  Investment
                     Technology                                 company (sole                           technology services,
                     Limited                                    proprietorship)                         and technology
                                                                                                        transfer; sales of
                                                                                                        computers, software
                                                                                                        and auxiliary
                                                                                                        equipment
                   Guangzhou            Guangzhou,           Other limited liability        200.00    Software and information       51.00                 Business
                     Skyecho              China                 companies                               technology services                                  combination
                     Information                                                                                                                             not under
                     Technology Co.,                                                                                                                         common
                     Ltd.                                                                                                                                    control
                   TravelSky Digital    Beijing, China       Limited liability            5,000.00    Technology development,      100.00                  Investment
                     Intelligence                               company (sole                           technology consulting,
                     Technology                                 proprietorship)                         technology services,
                     (Beijing) Co.,                                                                     technology transfer,
                     Ltd.                                                                               technology promotion
                                                                                                        and software
                                                                                                        development
                   China TravelSky      Hong Kong,           Sole proprietorship       HK$1,236.00    Commercial services          100.00                  Investment
                     International        China
                     Limited
                   TravelSky            Singapore            Sole proprietorship        S$7,158.08    Hardware consulting and      100.00                  Investment
                     Technology                                                                         system consulting
                     (Singapore) Pte.
                     Ltd.
                   OpenJaw              Dublin, Ireland      Sole proprietorship            €25.21    Technology service and       100.00                  Business
                     Technologies                                                                       technology support                                   combination
                     Limited                                                                                                                                 not under
                                                                                                                                                             common
                                                                                                                                                             control




170
                                                                                                                                                                                                        Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.1 Equity in the subsidiaries (Continued)
        8.1.2 Major non-wholly-owned subsidiaries


                                                                                                                                                                          Dividends                                    Balance of
                                                                                      Shareholding                          Profit or loss                           declared to be                                      minority
                                                                                           ratio of                        attributable to                            distributed to                                      interest
                                                                                          minority                                minority                                  minority                                         as at
                                                                                      shareholders                          shareholders                              shareholders                                       June 30,
              Name of subsidiary                                                                (%)                                in 2025                                   in 2025                                         2025
              Shenzhen Civil Aviation
                Cares Co., Ltd.                                                                          38.53                  5,249,783.87                                                                159,199,347.12
              Xiamen Civil Aviation
                Cares Co., Ltd.                                                                          49.00                   –822,127.64                                                                111,035,897.66
              Qingdao Civil Aviation
                Cares Co., Ltd.                                                                          49.00                –4,897,347.69                                                                    67,298,211.48


        8.1.3 Key financial information of major non-wholly-owned subsidiaries

                                                                               Balance as at June 30, 2025                                                                         Balance as at December 31, 2024
                                                                Non-current                         Current     Non-current                                          Non-current                          Current       Non-current
              Name of subsidiaries            Current assets         assets     Total assets      liabilities      liabilities Total liabilities Current assets           assets      Total assets       liabilities       liabilities Total liabilities

              Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares
                 Co., Ltd.                    385,974,628.22 44,871,428.14 430,846,056.36 17,602,502.87           52,137.32 17,654,640.19 390,709,306.07            45,835,790.88 436,545,096.95     36,923,051.59        56,097.32      36,979,148.91
              Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares
                 Co., Ltd.                    207,726,290.82 52,627,047.91 260,353,338.73 33,746,136.35            3,329.60 33,749,465.95 209,008,180.22            55,196,357.14 264,204,537.36     35,890,878.78        31,974.29      35,922,853.07
              Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares
                 Co., Ltd.                    367,460,027.39 11,120,598.60 378,580,625.99 236,122,794.78        5,114,542.47 241,237,337.25 451,327,863.08          15,258,999.82 466,586,862.90 313,726,242.29         5,522,744.75 319,248,987.04



                                                                              Amount for the six months ended 30, 2025                                                    Amount for the six months ended 30, 2024
                                                                                                                      Total Cash flow from                                                                             Total Cash flow from
                                                                   Operating                             comprehensive                 operating                  Operating                            comprehensive                    operating
              Name of subsidiaries                                    income             Net profit                income               activities                  income              Net profit                 income                activities

              Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares
                 Co., Ltd.                                     49,068,130.62        13,625,468.13            13,625,468.13            279,588.44          50,759,823.58             12,185,240.73        12,185,240.73            11,280,433.12
              Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares
                 Co., Ltd.                                     31,973,992.88        –1,677,811.51            –1,677,811.51             51,155.00          39,734,240.63              6,281,627.78          6,281,627.78                112,348.49
              Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares
                 Co., Ltd.                                     36,646,382.31        –9,994,587.12            –9,994,587.12 –41,026,023.13                 26,339,408.44            –12,037,276.15       –12,037,276.15            12,068,576.92




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                171
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates
            8.2.1 Major joint ventures or associates

                                                                                                                              Accounting
                                                                                                                              treatment
                                                                                                                              method of the   Whether
                                                        Principal place of                                                    investments     strategic for
                                                        business and                                                          in joint        the
                   Name of joint ventures or            registration                                                          ventures or     Company’s
                   associates                           place                Business type          Shareholding ratio (%)    associates      activities
                                                                                                     Directly    Indirectly
                   Shanghai Civil Aviation East China   Shanghai, China      Information system         41.00                 Equity          Yes
                      Cares System Integration Co.,                             integration                                      method
                      Ltd.                                                      services
                   Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast    Shenyang, China      Information system         46.00                 Equity          Yes
                      Cares Co., Ltd.                                           integration                                      method
                                                                                services
                   Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport       Harbin, China        Information system         50.00                 Equity          Yes
                      Network Co., Ltd.                                         integration                                      method
                                                                                services
                   Dalian TravelSky Airport Network     Dalian, China        Information system         50.00                 Equity          Yes
                      Co., Ltd.                                                 integration                                      method
                                                                                services
                   TravelSky Mobile Technology Co.,     Beijing, China       Technology                 20.66                 Equity          Yes
                      Ltd.                                                      development;                                     method
                                                                                technology
                                                                                promotion
                   Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network     Kunming, China       Internet information       50.00                 Equity          Yes
                      Co., Ltd.                                                 service                                          method




172
                                                                                                                       Interim Report 2025



                                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
        8.2.2 Principal financial information of major joint ventures

                                               As at June 30, 2025/For the six months ended As at December 31, 2024/For the six months ended
                                                               June 30, 2025                                 June 30, 2024
                                                     Yunnan      Heilongjiang                       Yunnan     Heilongjiang
                                                  TravelSky        TravelSky           Dalian     TravelSky       TravelSky           Dalian
                                                     Airport          Airport      TravelSky        Airport         Airport        TravelSky
                                                    Network          Network          Airport      Network         Network           Airport
                                                    Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.  Network LLC        Co., Ltd.       Co., Ltd.    Network LLC
              Current assets                  204,490,401.10   59,045,824.96   53,239,035.41    230,822,508.49   60,066,876.57   51,777,467.84
              Including: Cash and cash
                           equivalents          5,482,186.63   26,239,918.56   22,386,562.98      6,115,230.70   35,160,785.27   27,055,973.69
              Non-current assets               42,044,464.91    1,901,139.91    7,324,605.93     46,715,585.98    1,984,973.09    7,903,694.07
              Total assets                    246,534,866.01   60,946,964.87   60,563,641.34    277,538,094.47   62,051,849.66   59,681,161.91

              Current liabilities              11,794,916.86    4,874,538.98    7,900,072.16     44,417,835.64    9,176,937.79    6,950,052.55
              Non-current liabilities             995,076.33      168,050.94                        995,076.33      168,050.94
              Total liabilities                12,789,993.19    5,042,589.92    7,900,072.16     45,412,911.97    9,344,988.73    6,950,052.55

              Non-controlling interest
                 equity
              Equity attributable to the
                 shareholders of the parent
                 company                    233,744,872.82     55,904,374.95   52,663,569.18    232,125,182.50   52,706,860.93   52,731,109.36

              Net asset shares calculated
                 according to the
                 shareholding ratios          116,872,436.41   27,952,187.49   26,331,784.59     92,850,073.00   26,353,430.47   26,365,554.68
              Adjustment matters                  937,835.71                                     24,150,353.96
              — Goodwill
              — Unrealised profit on
                 internal transactions
              — Others                           937,835.71                                      24,150,353.96
              Book value of the equity
                 investment in joint
                 ventures                     117,810,272.12   27,952,187.49   26,331,784.59    117,000,426.96   26,353,430.47   26,365,554.68
              Fair value of equity
                 investments in joint
                 ventures with publicly
                 quoted prices

              Operating income                 29,981,036.35   11,025,053.64   15,046,716.15     31,641,324.19   11,145,261.08    3,049,944.99
              Financial expenses                 –321,966.40     –149,685.43      –21,231.90       –395,586.98      –74,100.00      –13,364.54
              Income tax expenses                 373,266.50    1,065,838.01      122,710.18        276,524.44    1,276,991.95      228,096.77
              Net profit                        1,619,690.32    3,197,514.02      –67,540.18      1,409,277.87    3,830,975.84      180,203.04
              Net profits of discontinuing
                 operations
              Other comprehensive income
              Total comprehensive income        1,619,690.32    3,197,514.02     –67,540.18       1,409,277.87    3,830,975.84     180,203.04

              Dividends received from joint
                 ventures in the current
                 period                         2,560,000.00

                                                                                                                                          173
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


8     EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
      8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
            8.2.3 Key financial information of major associates

                                                  As at June 30, 2025/For the six months ended As at December 31, 2024/For the six months ended
                                                                   June 30, 2025                                 June 30, 2024
                                                        Shanghai                                      Shanghai
                                                   Civil Aviation                                 Civil Aviation
                                                      East China        Shenyang      TravelSky     East China        Shenyang        TravelSky
                                                  Cares System      Civil Aviation       Mobile Cares System       Civil Aviation        Mobile
                                                     Integration       Northeast     Technology     Integration       Northeast     Technology
                                                         Co., Ltd. Cares Co., Ltd.      Co., Ltd.      Co., Ltd. Cares Co., Ltd.       Co., Ltd.
                   Current assets                 348,639,147.32 285,650,050.48 558,931,716.12    370,415,444.57   282,851,860.69   548,088,649.57
                   Non-current assets             184,733,539.69 103,266,660.33 105,954,795.83    192,236,075.04   106,475,858.88    26,325,241.44
                   Total assets                   533,372,687.01 388,916,710.81 664,886,511.95    562,651,519.61   389,327,719.57   574,413,891.01

                   Current liabilities            187,151,133.26   10,385,034.04 382,752,377.78   212,279,665.14    26,113,439.23   273,234,259.23
                   Non-current liabilities         19,663,736.52    5,299,480.16 10,648,355.83     19,808,722.69     5,281,174.12    17,335,517.23
                   Total liabilities              206,814,869.78   15,684,514.20 393,400,733.61   232,088,387.83    31,394,613.35   290,569,776.46

                   Non-controlling interest
                      equity
                   Equity attributable to the
                      shareholders of parent
                      company                     326,557,817.23 373,232,196.61 271,485,778.34    330,563,131.78   357,933,106.22   283,844,114.55

                   Net asset shares calculated
                      according to the
                      shareholding ratios         133,888,705.06 171,686,810.44 56,084,075.06     135,530,884.03   164,649,228.86    67,625,860.29
                   Adjustment matters             –41,215,875.11                192,946,890.87    –41,215,875.12                    185,128,586.12
                   — Goodwill
                   — Unrealized profit from
                         internal trading         –41,215,875.11                                  –41,215,875.12
                   — Others                                                     192,946,890.87                                      185,128,586.12
                   Book value of the equity
                      investment in associates     92,672,829.95 171,686,810.44 249,030,965.93     94,315,008.91   164,649,228.86   252,754,446.41
                   Fair value of equity
                      investments in associates
                      with publicly quoted prices

                   Operating income                93,680,628.65 150,989,520.93 161,429,191.05    119,872,275.71   151,521,427.67   117,546,336.82
                   Net profit                      –4,005,314.55 15,299,090.39 –12,119,774.37      –7,230,601.97     9,364,240.29   –29,086,124.44
                   Net profits of discontinuing
                      operations
                   Other comprehensive income
                   Total comprehensive income      –4,005,314.55   15,299,090.39 –12,119,774.37    –7,230,601.97     9,364,240.29   –29,086,124.44

                   Dividends received from
                      associates in the current
                      period




174
                                                                                       Interim Report 2025



                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


8   EQUITY IN OTHER ENTITIES (CONTINUED)
    8.2 Equity in joint venture arrangements or associates (Continued)
        8.2.4 Summary of financial information on insignificant joint ventures or associates


                                                                                                  As at
                                                                              As at       December 31,
                                                                     June 30, 2025/               2024/
                                                                            For the             For the
                                                                  six months ended    six months ended
                                                                           30, 2025            30, 2024
              Joint venture:

              Total investment book value                             43,432,861.38       47,475,711.86
              Total amount calculated based on the following
                shareholding proportions
              — Net profit                                            –8,085,700.99      –12,041,101.89
              — Other comprehensive income
              — Total comprehensive income                            –8,085,700.99      –12,041,101.89

              Associates:

              Total investment book value                           182,000,592.30       170,961,297.28
              Total amount calculated based on the following
                shareholding proportions
              — Net profit                                            29,193,760.72       11,738,624.36
              — Other comprehensive income
              — Total comprehensive income                            29,193,760.72       11,738,624.36




                                                                                                      175
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


9     GOVERNMENT GRANTS
      9.1 The type, amount and presentation of government subsidies
            9.1.1 Government subsidies included in the profit or loss for the current period
                 Income-related government grants

                                                                                                            Amount included in the current
                                                                                                           profit or loss or used to offset the
                                                                                                                  related costs or losses
                   Item included in the current profit                                                              For the                  For the
                   or loss or used to offset the                                 Amount of                      six months               six months
                   related costs or losses                                government grants                 ended 30, 2025            ended 30, 2024
                   Enterprise support and incentives                                  1,255,067.11                   775,067.11           2,302,936.30
                   Tax refunds                                                          139,632.84                   139,632.84             752,768.86
                   Patent grants and awards                                             645,680.19                   645,680.19           2,171,200.00


                   Total                                                              2,040,380.14               1,560,380.14             5,226,905.16


            9.1.2 Liabilities involving government subsidies

                                                                      The amount of The amount of
                                                                        included in   other income       Amounts
                                              As at The amount of non-operating transferred in         charged to                      As at
                                       December 31, new subsidy in income in the       the current    costs during        Other     June 30,   Asset-related/
                   Liability items             2024     this period current period          period      the period      changes        2025    income-related

                   Deferred earnings      172,500.00   2,040,380.14                    1,560,380.14                               652,500.00   Income-related




176
                                                                                      Interim Report 2025



                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                              (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
  10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments
      The Company is exposed to various financial risks in the course of its operations: credit risk,
      liquidity risk and market risk (including exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and other price
      risks). The financial risks and the risk management policies taken by the Company to mitigate
      these risks are set out as below:

      The Board is responsible for planning and establishing the Company’s risk management
      framework, formulating the Company’s risk management policies and relevant guidelines, and
      supervising the implementation of risk management measures. The Company has formulated risk
      management policies to identify and analyze the risks faced by it. These risk management policies
      specify specific risks and cover many aspects such as market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk
      management. The Company regularly evaluates the changes in the market environment and the
      Company’s business activities to decide whether to update the risk management policies and
      systems. The Company’s risk management is carried out by the Risk Management Committee in
      accordance with the policies approved by the board of directors. The Risk Management Committee
      identifies, evaluates and avoids relevant risks through close cooperation with other business
      departments of the Company. The Company’s internal audit department regularly reviews the risk
      management controls and procedures, and reports the audit results to the Company’s Audit
      Committee.

      The Company diversifies its exposure to financial instruments through an appropriately diversified
      portfolio of investments and businesses, and reduces the risk of concentration in a single
      industry, a specific region or a specific counterparty by formulating corresponding risk
      management policies.

      10.1.1 Credit risk
           Credit risk refers to the risk of financial loss to the Company caused by the counterparty’s
           failure to perform its contractual obligations.

           The Company’s credit risk arises mainly from cash and cash equivalents, notes receivable,
           accounts receivable, receivables financing, contract assets, other receivables, debt
           investment, other debt investment and financial guarantee contract, and debt instrument
           investment that are not included in the scope of impairment assessment and are measured
           at fair value and whose changes are included in current profit and loss Investments and
           derivative financial assets, etc. On the balance sheet date, the book value of the company’s
           financial assets has represented its maximum credit risk exposure.

           The Company’s cash and cash equivalents are mainly bank deposits placed with reputable
           state-owned banks and other large and medium-sized listed banks with high credit ratings,
           which the Company believes that they have no significant credit risk and will almost never
           incur significant losses due to bank’s defaults.




                                                                                                     177
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
            10.1.1 Credit risk (Continued)
                  In addition, for notes receivable, accounts receivable, receivables financing, contract assets
                  and other receivables, etc., the Company has set the relevant policies to control credit risk
                  exposure. The Company, based on the customers’ financial positions, the possibility of
                  obtaining guarantees from the third party, credit records and other factors such as the
                  current market conditions, evaluated the credit qualifications of customers and set credit
                  term. The Company would monitor the customers’ credit records periodically; as for the
                  customers with bad credit records, the Company would adopt the methods including
                  requesting a payment in writing or shortening or canceling credit term so as to keep the
                  Company’s overall credit risks within controllable scope.

            10.1.2 Liquidity risk
                  Liquidity risk refers to the risk of capital shortage arising when the enterprise performs the
                  settlement obligation by way of the delivery of funds or other financial assets.

                  The policy of the Company is to ensure that there are sufficient cash for the payment of the
                  matured debts. Liquidity risk is under centralized control of the financial department of the
                  Company. The financial department monitors cash balance and readily realizable and
                  marketable securities and makes rolling forecast on cash flows of the next 12 months to
                  ensure that the Company has sufficient funds to repay debts in all cases of reasonable
                  prediction. Meanwhile, it monitors whether provisions of the borrowing agreement are
                  satisfied, obtain commitments of main financial institutions for providing sufficient reserve
                  funds to satisfy the demand for short-term and long-term funds.




178
                                                                                                                                    Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                            (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
       10.1.2 Liquidity risk (Continued)
            Various financial liabilities of the Company should be presented at undiscounted contractual
            cash flows on the maturity date as follows:

                                                                                      As at June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                                          Total
                                      Immediate                                                                                  undiscounted
              Item                    repayment   Within one year        1–2 years           2–5 years       Over 5 years     contract amount          Book value

              Short-term borrowings                937,620,839.20                                                               937,620,839.20     924,560,664.59
              Accounts payable                    1,363,993,001.45   630,573,441.78      179,576,675.54      35,136,567.57    2,209,279,686.34    2,209,279,686.34
              Other payables                      2,406,819,136.09     5,169,988.57       19,407,946.98      68,303,760.36    2,499,700,832.00    2,499,700,832.00
              Long-term borrowings                  12,761,666.67     12,421,355.56      481,851,737.78                         507,034,760.01     471,540,311.11
              Lease liabilities                    122,948,592.08    115,866,752.30       83,041,065.62                         321,856,410.00     305,675,077.48


              Total                               4,844,143,235.49   764,031,538.21      763,877,425.92     103,440,327.93    6,475,492,527.55    6,410,756,571.52



                                                                                  As at December 31, 2024
                                      Immediate                                                                              Total undiscounted
              Item                    repayment    Within one year        1–2 years           2–5 years       Over 5 years     contract amount         Book value

              Short-term borrowings               1,214,942,957.16                                                             1,214,942,957.16   1,203,300,592.42
              Accounts payable                    1,581,190,033.26   345,653,386.33      225,528,715.67      35,028,031.68     2,187,400,166.94   2,187,400,166.94
              Other payables                      1,787,975,041.85     7,484,089.97       44,747,314.91      88,997,629.73     1,929,204,076.46   1,929,204,076.46
              Long-term borrowings                  201,769,444.44                                                               201,769,444.44     200,213,888.89
              Lease liabilities                      41,853,899.80     8,919,054.01          597,562.19                           51,370,516.00      49,617,676.79


              Total                               4,827,731,376.51   362,056,530.31      270,873,592.77     124,025,661.41     5,584,687,161.00   5,569,736,401.50



            The repayment period of bank borrowings and other financing is analysed as follows:

                                                          As at June 30, 2025                                   As at December 31, 2024
              Item                                 Bank borrowing    Other financing                        Bank borrowing   Other financing
              Within 1 year                       1,124,774,553.48             122,948,592.08               1,403,514,481.31                 41,853,899.80
              1–2 years                              12,421,355.56             115,866,752.30                                                 8,919,054.01
              2–5 years                             481,851,737.78              83,041,065.62                                                   597,562.19


              Total                               1,619,047,646.82             321,856,410.00               1,403,514,481.31                 51,370,516.00




                                                                                                                                                              179
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
            10.1.3 Market Risk
                  Market risk associated with financial instruments refers to the risk that fair value or future
                  cash flows of financial instruments fluctuate due to variations in market prices, and it
                  includes exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and other price risks.

                 10.1.3.1 Interest rate risk
                        Interest rate risks refer to the risks of fluctuation in the fair value or future cash flows
                        of financial instruments due to changes in market interest rate.

                        Fixed-rate and floating-rate interest-bearing financial instruments make the Company
                        expose to fair value interest rate risk and cash flow interest rate risk, respectively. The
                        Company determines the ratio of fixed-rate instruments to floating-rate instruments
                        based on market conditions and maintains an appropriate mix of fixed-rate and
                        floating-rate instruments through regular review and monitoring. When necessary, the
                        Company uses interest rate swap instruments to hedge interest rate risk.

                        As at June 30, 2025, with other variables held constant, if the borrowing rate calculated
                        at the floating rate increased or decreased by 100 basis points, the net profit of the
                        Company would decrease or increase by RMB7,428,971.34 (December 31, 2024:
                        RMB0.00).

                 10.1.3.2 Exchange rate risk
                        Exchange rate risk refers to the risk that fair value or future cash flows of financial
                        instruments fluctuate due to variations in foreign exchange rate.

                        The Company continuously monitor the foreign currency transactions and foreign
                        currency assets and liabilities to minimize the foreign exchange risks. In addition, the
                        Company may also sign forward foreign exchange contracts or currency swap contracts
                        to achieve the purpose of avoiding exchange rate risk. In 2025 and prior period, the
                        Company did not sign any forward foreign exchange contract or currency swap
                        contract.




180
                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025



                                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                          (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


10 RISKS RELATED TO FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   10.1 Risks arising from financial instruments (Continued)
       10.1.3 Market Risk (Continued)
            10.1.3.2 Exchange rate risk (Continued)
                  The exchange rate risk the Company is facing is mainly from the financial assets and
                  liabilities denominated in U.S. dollars, and the foreign currency assets and liabilities
                  are equivalent to the amount denominated in RMB indicated as below:

                                                        As at June 30, 2025                          As at December 31, 2024
                                                           Other foreign                                    Other foreign
                    Item                     U.S. Dollar       currencies        Total       U.S. Dollar      currencies             Total
                    Cash and cash
                       equivalents        212,205,387.49 97,712,504.66 309,917,892.15     206,293,187.84    42,166,769.34   248,459,957.18
                    Accounts receivable   160,521,560.12 134,854,552.91 295,376,113.03    163,121,821.87   194,947,523.89   358,069,345.76


                    Total                 372,726,947.61 232,567,057.57 605,294,005.18    369,415,009.71   237,114,293.23   606,529,302.94


                  As at June 30, 2025, if all other variables remain unchanged, if the RMB appreciates or
                  depreciates against the U.S. dollar by 1%, the Company will decrease or increase its
                  net profit by RMB5,144,999.04 (December 31, 2024: RMB5,155,499.07).

            10.1.3.3 Other price risk
                  Other price risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of financial
                  instruments will fluctuate because of the changes in market prices other than
                  exchange rate risk and interest rate risk.

                  The Company’s other price risk arises primarily from investments in various equity
                  instruments. There is the risk of changes in the prices of equity instruments.

                  As at June 30, 2025, in the case that other variables remained the same, if the value of
                  equity instruments increase or decrease by 2%, the Company will increase or decrease
                  the net profits of RMB16,946,737.92 and other comprehensive income of
                  RMB17,745,062.40 (December 31, 2024: Net profits of RMB17,295,997.66; other
                  comprehensive income of RMB18,132,784.80).

   10.2 Risk management of hedging operations
       The Company has no hedging business.

   10.3 Transfer of financial assets
       None.




                                                                                                                                      181
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE
      The input value used for measuring fair value is divided into three levels:

      Level 1 inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
      Company can access on the measurement date.

      Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the
      asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.

      Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs that have been applied in valuing the respective asset or
      liability.

      The level of the measurement result of fair value shall subject to the lowest level which the input that
      is great significance to the entire measurement of fair value belongs to.




182
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2025



                                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                       For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                        (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
   11.1 Fair value of assets and liabilities measured at fair value as at June 30, 2025

                                                                   Fair value as at June 30, 2025
                                              Measurement of     Measurement of Measurement of
                                                 fair value at      fair value at      fair value at
        Item                                           Level 1            Level 2            Level 3                Total
        I. Continuous measurement of
              fair value
           ◆ Financial assets held for
                trading                                          6,022,134,804.98                        6,022,134,804.98
             1. Specified as financial
                    assets measured at fair
                    value through the
                    current profit or loss                       6,022,134,804.98                        6,022,134,804.98
                (1) Debt instrument
                       investment                                6,022,134,804.98                        6,022,134,804.98
           ◆ Investment in other
                 equity instruments                                                  1,043,827,200.00    1,043,827,200.00
           ◆ Other non-current
                 financial assets                                                      996,866,936.75     996,866,936.75
             1. Specified as financial
                    assets measured at fair
                    value through the
                    current profit or loss                                             996,866,936.75     996,866,936.75
                 (1) Investment in
                        equity instruments                                             996,866,936.75     996,866,936.75
           Total assets with continuous
             measurement of fair value                           6,022,134,804.98    2,040,694,136.75    8,062,828,941.73
           Total liabilities with
             continuous measurement of
             fair value
        II. Non-continuous fair value
              measurement
           Total assets not continuously
             measured at fair value
           ◆ Liabilities held for sale
           Total liabilities not
             continuously measured at
             fair value




                                                                                                                       183
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
      11.2 Qualitative and quantitative information of valuation techniques and key
           parameters adopted for items measured at the fair value of Level 2 on a
           going and non-going concern

                                                                                                Major parameters
                                       Fair value as at     Valuation                                           Quantitative
             Item                        June 30, 2025      techniques        Qualitative information           information
             Structured Deposits       6,022,134,804.98     Market            The applicable time deposit
                                                              approach          interest rate is determined
                                                                                based on the market
                                                                                exchange rate pricing issued
                                                                                as at June 30, 2025


      11.3 Qualitative and quantitative information of valuation techniques and key
           parameters adopted for items measured at the fair value of Level 3 on a
           going and non-going concern

                                                 Fair value                                                      Range interval
                                             as at June 30,      Valuation                                           (weighted
             Item                                         2025   techniques        Unobservable input value            average)
             China Merchants RenHe         1,043,827,200.00      Market            Price-to-book ratio                     1.53
               Life Insurance                                      approach
               Company Limited
               (Other equity
               instrument
               investments)
             China Mobile Equity             996,866,936.75      Market            Liquidity discount                 10%–35%
               Fund (Hebei Xiong’an)                               approach
               Partnership (Limited
               partnership) (Other
               non-current financial
               assets)




184
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


11 DISCLOSURE OF FAIR VALUE (CONTINUED)
   11.4 Analysis on the measurement items measured at fair value of level 3 on a
        going concern, adjustment information between the book value as at the end
        of the last year and the book value as at the end of last period and
        sensitivity of unobservable parameters
       11.4.1 Analysis on the measurements items measured at fair value of Level 3 reconciliation items

                                                                                                     Current profit or loss                   Purchases, issuances, sales, and settlements
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      For assets
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         held at
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  the end of the
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                reporting period,
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         current
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                unrealized gains
                                                         As at                                                    Included in other                                                                                     As at        or changes
                                                 December 31,     Transfer to Transfer from          Included       comprehensive                                                                                   June 30, included in profit
             Item                                         2024       Level 3        Level 3   in profit or loss               income   Purchases        Issuances               Sales         Settlements               2025             or loss

             ◆ Investment in other
                     equity instruments        1,004,312,400.00                                                      39,514,800.00                                                                           1,043,827,200.00
             ◆ Other non-current
                     financial assets          1,017,411,627.32                                  5,456,647.07                                                                                26,001,337.64    996,866,936.75        5,456,647.07
               Financial assets measured
                     at fair value with
                     changes recognized in
                     current profit or loss    1,017,411,627.32                                  5,456,647.07                                                                                26,001,337.64    996,866,936.75        5,456,647.07
               — Equity instrument
                       investment              1,017,411,627.32                                  5,456,647.07                                                                                26,001,337.64    996,866,936.75        5,456,647.07


             Total                             2,021,724,027.32                                  5,456,647.07        39,514,800.00                                                           26,001,337.64 2,040,694,136.75         5,456,647.07


             Including: Gains and losses
                            related to
                            financial assets                                                     5,456,647.07                                                                                                                       5,456,647.07
                          Gains and losses
                             related to
                             non-financial
                             assets



       11.4.2 Unobservable parameters sensitivity analysis
            The non-input observable for other equity instruments is the price-to-book ratio range of
            1.53, which would result in an increase or decrease in fair value of RMB52.19 million if the
            price-to-book ratio increased or decreased by 5%.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          185
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      12.1 Parent company of the Company

                                                                                            Shareholding
                                                                                             ratio of the Voting ratio of
                                                                               Registered         parent      the parent
                                                                                  capital    company in      company in
             Name of parent                                                    (in RMB10 the Company the Company
             company            Registration place    Nature of business       thousand)             (%)             (%)
             China TravelSky    No.7 Yumin Street,    Manage all state-        300,000.00          29.55           29.55
               Holding            Houshayu Town,        owned assets and
               Company            Shunyi District,      state-own equity
               Limited            Beijing, China        arising from the
                                                        state investments in
                                                        the group company
                                                        and its investees


            The Company’s ultimate controller: the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
            Commission of the State Council.

      12.2 Subsidiaries of the Company
            See the Note 8 “Equity in other entities” for the details of major subsidiaries the Company.

      12.3 Joint ventures and associates of the Company
            See the Note 8 “Equity in other entities” for the details of major joint ventures or associates of the
            Company.




186
                                                                                             Interim Report 2025



                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.4 Other related parties

        Name of other related party                Relationship with the Company
        Air China Co., Ltd.                        Subsidiary of shareholders of the Company
        Shenzhen Airlines Co., Ltd.                A shareholder of the Company
        China Southern Airlines Co., Ltd.          Subsidiary of shareholders of the Company
        Xiamen Airlines Co., Ltd                   A shareholder of the Company
        China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd.           A shareholder of the Company
        Shanghai Airlines Co., Ltd.                Subsidiary of shareholders of the Company
        China United Airlines Co., Ltd.            Subsidiary of shareholders of the Company
        Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd.          A shareholder of the Company
        Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd.                 Subsidiary of shareholders of the Company
        Shandong Airlines Co., Ltd.                A shareholder of the Company
        CCTS Co., Ltd.                             Associate company of the shareholders of the Company
        TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.             Same parent company


   12.5 Related-party transactions
       12.5.1 Related party transactions on purchase and sales of goods, rendering and receipt of labor
              services
            Purchase of goods/receipt of labor services

                                                                                   For the            For the
                                                                               six months         six months
                                                   Content of related-              ended              ended
             Related party                         party transactions       June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
             Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast     Purchase of goods/      112,928,853.09      104,569,579.54
                Cares Co., Ltd. and its              Technology support
                subsidiaries                         fee
             Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest      Purchase of goods/       32,636,828.86        29,399,034.33
                Cares Co., Ltd. and its              Technology support
                subsidiaries                         fee
             Shanghai CAAC Huadong Kaiya           Purchase of goods/       10,684,268.93        92,158,142.08
                System Integration Co., Ltd. and     Technology support
                its subsidiaries                     fee
             Beijing TravelSky Borun               Technology support        9,048,380.99         9,001,747.94
                Technology Co., Ltd.                 fee
             Xinjiang Hangxin Tianyi Technology    Purchase of goods/        5,222,557.34
                Innovation Co., Ltd.                 Technology support
                                                     fee




                                                                                                            187
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
            12.5.1 Related party transactions on purchase and sales of goods, rendering and receipt of labor
                   services (Continued)
                  Purchase of goods/receipt of labor services (Continued)

                                                                                     For the         For the
                                                                                 six months      six months
                                                       Content of related-            ended           ended
                   Related party                       party transactions     June 30, 2025    June 30, 2024
                   Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network    Technology support      3,539,460.20     1,531,929.81
                     Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries      fee
                   Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport      Purchase of goods/      1,151,960.96       171,749.14
                     Network Co., Ltd.                   Technology support
                                                         fee
                   Dalian TravelSky Airport Network    Purchase of goods/        136,027.72     3,530,394.72
                     LLC                                 Technology support
                                                         fee
                   Hebei TravelSky Airport Network     Technology support        140,312.83       274,592.30
                     Co., Ltd.                           fee
                   Yantai TravelSky Airport Network    Technology support         42,155.66
                     Co., Ltd.                           fee
                   TravelSky Mobile Technology Co.,    Purchase of goods/      3,575,308.54     5,309,689.74
                     Ltd.                                Technology support
                                                         fee
                   Air China Corporation Limited and   Technology support      3,138,496.67     1,469,811.32
                      its subsidiaries                   fee
                   China Southern Airlines Co., Ltd.   Technology support      2,708,139.40       313,903.49
                      and its subsidiaries               fee
                   China Eastern Airlines Co., Ltd.    Technology support        872,401.15
                      And its subsidiaries               fee
                   Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd.   Technology support          1,486.79
                      and its subsidiaries               fee
                   TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.      Technology support      1,101,409.02     1,534,891.12
                                                         fee
                   CCTS Co., Ltd.                      Technology support      1,164,366.65     1,589,617.29
                                                         fee




188
                                                                                              Interim Report 2025



                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
       12.5.1 Related party transactions on purchase and sales of goods, rendering and receipt of labor
              services (Continued)
            Sales of goods/rendering of labor services

                                                                                    For the            For the
                                                                                six months         six months
                                                   Content of related-               ended              ended
             Related party                         party transactions        June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
             Air China Co., Ltd. and its           Aviation Information     552,564,057.31      536,032,477.45
                subsidiaries                          Technology Service
             China Southern Airlines Company       Aviation Information     424,200,882.41      495,365,854.48
                Limited and its subsidiaries          Technology Service
             China Eastern Airlines Corporation    Aviation Information     494,218,494.35      412,695,099.87
                Limited and its subsidiaries          Technology Service
             Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd.     Aviation Information     264,068,888.43      226,842,888.45
                and its subsidiaries                  Technology Service
             Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its    Aviation Information     145,743,723.03      125,323,881.08
                subsidiaries                          Technology Service
             Shanghai CAAC Huadong Kaiya           Information                6,638,058.33         6,169,171.00
                System Integration Co., Ltd. and      Technology Service
                its subsidiaries
             Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast     Information                  902,661.14         1,875,702.14
                Cares Co., Ltd. and its               Technology Service
                subsidiaries
             Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest      Information                3,300,791.40         5,888,494.65
                Cares Co., Ltd. and its               Technology Service
                subsidiaries
             Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network      Information                  963,722.80          657,358.48
                Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries        Technology Service
             Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport        Information                  260,424.12          128,754.39
                Network Co., Ltd.                     Technology Service
             Dalian TravelSky Airport Network      Information                  387,263.74         1,906,893.84
                LLC.                                  Technology Service
             Hebei TravelSky Airport Network       Information                  119,811.33          163,207.54
                Co., Ltd.                             Technology Service
             Shanghai Sky Trip Business Travel     Information                                        31,549.05
                Agency Co.                            Technology Service




                                                                                                             189
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
            12.5.1 Related party transactions on purchase and sales of goods, rendering and receipt of labor
                   services (Continued)
                  Sales of goods/rendering of labor services (Continued)

                                                                                                                                                                       For the                                         For the
                                                                                                                                                                   six months                                      six months
                                                                                                    Content of related-                                                 ended                                           ended
                   Related party                                                                    party transactions                                          June 30, 2025                                    June 30, 2024
                   Yantai TravelSky Airport Network                                                 Information                                                              19,811.32                                      27,358.50
                      Co., Ltd.                                                                        Technology Service
                   Guangzhou Airport Hangyi                                                         Information                                                                                                             85,840.71
                      Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                                 Technology Service
                   Xinjiang Hangxin Tianyi Technology                                               Information                                                     3,934,183.53
                      Innovation Co., Ltd.                                                             Technology Service
                   TravelSky Mobile Technology Co.,                                                 Information                                                     7,935,158.67                                 13,349,538.70
                      Ltd.                                                                             Technology Service
                   TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                                                   Information                                                     2,023,857.85                                   1,531,100.19
                                                                                                       Technology Service
                   CCTS Co., Ltd.                                                                   Information                                                             182,999.56
                                                                                                       Technology Service


            12.5.2 Related-party lease
                  The Company acted as lessee:

                                                                                       For the six months ended June 30, 2025                                                      For the six months ended June 30, 2024
                                                                    Simplified                                                                                Simplified
                                                                  treatment of                                                                              treatment of
                                                               rental costs for                                                                          rental costs for
                                                                   short-term                                              Interest                          short-term                                                 Interest
                                                                   leases and     Variable lease                          expenses                           leases and       Variable lease                          expenses
                                                                     leases of     payments not                           incurred          Increased          leases of      payments not                             incurred          Increased
                                             Type of leased         low-value     included in the                         on lease        right-of-use         low-value     included in the                           on lease        right-of-use
                   Name of lessor            assets                     assets lease liabilities        Rent paid         liabilities          assets             assets     lease liabilities      Rent paid          liabilities          assets

                   China TravelSky Holding   Buildings and                                          18,300,355.48      1,901,586.72     103,541,759.48                                           26,102,801.82       791,254.74      147,008,845.59
                     Company Limited           constructions
                   TravelSky Cloud Data      Buildings and                                          22,796,586.86      1,580,148.24     187,206,393.31                                           21,009,662.10      1,203,582.02      96,748,173.70
                     Co., Ltd.                 constructions
                   China Eastern Airlines    Buildings and                                                               35,952.96        2,026,830.78
                     Corporation Limited       constructions
                   China Eastern Airlines    Others                                                                        1,118.05          63,028.73
                     Corporation Limited




190
                                                                                                     Interim Report 2025



                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                     (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.5 Related-party transactions (Continued)
       12.5.3 Loans from and to related parties


                                            Amount of
             Related party                       loans    Starting date       Due date              Remarks
             Loans from related
               parties
             China TravelSky            200,000,000.00    2022/3/22           2025/3/21             Principal and
               Holding Company                                                                        interest have
               Limited                                                                                been repaid in
                                                                                                      full
             China TravelSky            471,200,340.31    2025/5/8            2028/5/8              Principal plus
               Holding Company                                                                        accrued interest
               Limited


            Note:   Interest expenses of RMB3,247,368.89 were incurred during the current period.


       12.5.4 Asset transfer and debt restructuring of related parties


                                                                                    For the                  For the
                                                                                six months               six months
                                             Content of related                      ended                    ended
             Related party                   party transactions              June 30, 2025             June 30, 2024
             Yunnan TravelSky                Capital contribution                                       61,435,724.75
               Airport Network                 from equity of
               Co., Ltd.                       subsidiaries




                                                                                                                       191
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties
            12.6.1 Receivables

                                                                                      As at June 30, 2025                 As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                                     Provision for                         Provision for
                   Item               Related party                              Book balance           bad debts      Book balance           bad debts
                   Accounts
                      receivable
                                      Air China Limited and its                441,567,643.87         5,540,641.78    462,986,303.06        5,573,928.78
                                          subsidiaries
                                      China Southern Airlines Company         1,480,628,527.32     183,048,986.24    1,463,655,332.87     183,048,988.37
                                          Limited and its subsidiaries
                                      China Eastern Airlines Corporation      1,175,542,485.81        2,821,947.98    691,061,423.97        2,821,947.98
                                          Limited and its subsidiaries
                                      Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and    280,401,075.16        61,545,139.99    377,538,992.73      155,618,574.91
                                          its subsidiaries
                                      Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its       140,703,509.51                          56,182,379.74            1,799.96
                                          subsidiaries
                                      Shanghai Civil Aviation East China        33,337,076.23                          34,275,366.51                5.01
                                          Cares System Integration Co.,
                                          Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                                      Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest          10,037,200.00                            9,793,100.00
                                          Cares Co., Ltd. and its
                                          subsidiaries
                                      Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast            958,200.00                             668,218.87
                                          Cares Co., Ltd. and its
                                          subsidiaries
                                      Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network            2,232,236.81                         19,897,573.29
                                          Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                                      Dalian TravelSky Airport Network            1,005,829.55                           1,868,079.55
                                          LLC
                                      Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co.,        4,604,040.00                           4,511,540.00
                                          Ltd.
                                      Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport                   600.00                             115,400.00
                                          Network Co., Ltd.
                                      Xinjiang Hangxin Tianyi Technology        30,562,734.06                          30,080,424.56
                                          Innovation Co., Ltd.
                                      Yantai TravelSky Airport Network                8,400.00                               4,900.00
                                          Co., Ltd.
                                      Guangzhou Air Port Air Wing                                                          98,113.21
                                          Information Technology Co., Ltd.
                                      TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited      110,345,148.14                         103,282,623.97
                                      TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.             7,638,220.68                           6,745,685.54
                                      CCTS Co., Ltd.                                29,200.00
                   Notes receivable
                                      Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and    245,066,117.58                         170,223,062.52
                                         its subsidiaries




192
                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                   (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
       12.6.1 Receivables (Continued)

                                                                               As at June 30, 2025               As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                              Provision for                       Provision for
             Item                Related party                            Book balance           bad debts    Book balance           bad debts
             Advances to
                suppliers
                                 China Southern Airlines Company              16,665.90                               39.90
                                    Limited and its subsidiaries
                                 Shanghai Civil Aviation East China        4,767,285.53                         2,883,785.53
                                    Cares System Integration Co.,
                                    Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                                 Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast         1,090,750.00                         2,317,168.99
                                    Cares Co., Ltd. and its
                                    subsidiaries
                                 Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest          3,822,377.91                         1,210,867.60
                                    Cares Co., Ltd. and its
                                    subsidiaries
                                 Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network           681,597.60                           681,597.60
                                    Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                                 Dalian TravelSky Airport Network                                                  14,000.00
                                    LLC
                                 Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport             298,800.00
                                    Network Co., Ltd.
                                 TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited        519,068.00                             57,468.00
                                 Beijing TravelSky Borun Technology          40,740.00
                                    Co., Ltd.
                                 TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.            1,559,380.74
             Other receivables
                                 China Southern Airlines Company          51,288,073.58                       111,757,496.53
                                     Limited and its subsidiaries
                                 China Eastern Airlines Corporation      284,505,838.22                       234,883,053.43
                                     Limited and its subsidiaries
                                 Air China Limited and its               448,399,561.27                       386,297,991.40
                                     subsidiaries
                                 Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and     4,956,480.70                            20,000.00
                                     its subsidiaries
                                 Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its       61,826,350.09                        10,493,602.57
                                     subsidiaries
                                 Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast                                              1,827,160.30
                                     Cares Co., Ltd. and its
                                     subsidiaries
                                 Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest           820,226.23                           820,226.23
                                     Cares Co., Ltd. and its
                                     subsidiaries
                                 Shanghai Civil Aviation East China        4,772,595.46                         4,686,311.62
                                     Cares System Integration Co.,
                                     Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                                 Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network           789,735.37                          1,062,053.76
                                     Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries




                                                                                                                                             193
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
            12.6.1 Receivables (Continued)

                                                                                  As at June 30, 2025               As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                                 Provision for                       Provision for
                   Item              Related party                           Book balance           bad debts    Book balance           bad debts
                                     Dalian TravelSky Airport Network                                              570,945.78
                                         LLC
                                     Guangzhou Air Port Air Wing                 4,691.75                             4,691.75
                                         Information Technology Co., Ltd.
                                     Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co.,      268,201.38                          268,201.38
                                         Ltd.
                                     Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport                                                233,979.20
                                         Network Co., Ltd.
                                     TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited     3,343,950.14                         3,343,950.14
                                     Shanghai Sky Pass Business Travel                                            1,019,254.39
                                         Agency Co.
                                     Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science       86,283.19                            86,283.19
                                         and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                     China TravelSky Holding Company           482,627.94                          482,627.94
                                         Limited
                                     TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                                               2,980,032.26
                                     CCTS Co., Ltd.                          5,747,105.49                         5,747,105.49
                   Dividends
                       receivable
                                     Shanghai Civil Aviation East China      2,050,000.00                         2,050,000.00
                                         Cares System Integration Co.,
                                         Ltd.
                                     Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science      500,000.00                          500,000.00
                                         and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                     Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network                                             2,560,000.00
                                         Co., Ltd.
                   Contract assets
                                     China Eastern Airlines Corporation          5,335.00
                                         Limited and its subsidiaries
                                     China Southern Airlines Company            16,000.00                            16,000.00
                                         Limited and its subsidiaries
                                     Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and                                            6,060.00
                                         its subsidiaries
                                     Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest           29,543.40                            29,543.40
                                         Cares Co., Ltd. and its
                                         subsidiaries
                                     Dalian TravelSky Airport Network           15,000.00                            15,000.00
                                         LLC
                                     Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport             32,400.00                            32,400.00
                                         Network Co., Ltd.
                                     Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science      133,435.00                            12,520.00
                                         and Technology Co., Ltd.
                                     Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network           10,140.00                            10,140.00
                                         Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries




194
                                                                                      Interim Report 2025



                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                               (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
       12.6.2 Payables


                                                                              As at              As at
                                                                          June 30,       December 31,
              Item        Related party                                       2025                2024
              Accounts
                payable
                          China TravelSky Holding Company               968,475.59          968,475.59
                            Limited
                          TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.              12,817,572.64        9,824,652.71
                          CCTS Co., Ltd.                               1,741,386.75        3,536,151.86
                          China Southern Airlines Company               434,170.90          376,364.79
                            Limited and its subsidiaries
                          Air China Limited and its subsidiaries        115,986.67          701,916.60
                          China Eastern Airlines Corporation            246,720.28
                            Limited and its subsidiaries
                          Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares    125,804,568.18     160,163,523.58
                            Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                          Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares      49,341,535.82       52,023,237.58
                            Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                          Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares   119,175,820.51     126,250,845.89
                            System Integration Co., Ltd. and its
                            subsidiaries
                          Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co.,       11,579,675.52       17,408,850.89
                            Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                          Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and    13,663,776.17       28,280,746.00
                            Technology Co., Ltd.
                          Guangzhou Skyecho Information                                       11,667.00
                            Technology Co., Ltd.
                          Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co.,         1,448,896.60        1,572,625.69
                            Ltd.
                          Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC          550,580.65          806,383.89
                          Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network      11,166,899.22       10,432,595.53
                            Co., Ltd.
                          Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co.,           17,117.55         274,210.80
                            Ltd.
                          Beijing TravelSky Borun Technology Co.,      5,170,504.43        2,632,352.40
                            Ltd.
                          TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited         16,288,003.16       14,595,217.45




                                                                                                     195
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
            12.6.2 Payables (Continued)


                                                                                         As at           As at
                                                                                     June 30,    December 31,
                   Item             Related party                                        2025             2024
                   Other payables
                                    China Eastern Airlines Corporation                            21,438,326.00
                                      Limited and its subsidiaries
                                    China Southern Airlines Company              25,840,423.78      640,047.13
                                      Limited and its subsidiaries
                                    Air China Limited and its subsidiaries        7,055,943.33     1,467,835.45
                                    Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its     1,678,356.26
                                      subsidiaries
                                    Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its             150,000.00
                                      subsidiaries
                                    Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co.,          669,789.41         35,669.40
                                      Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                                    TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited            425,600.00       425,600.00
                                    Shanghai Sky Pass Business Travel                                   984.00
                                      Agency Co.
                                    China TravelSky Holding Company               7,970,224.98    11,632,948.30
                                      Limited
                                    TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                                     8,500.00
                                    CCTS Co., Ltd.                                 118,087.20       976,565.24
                   Contract
                     liabilities
                                    China Southern Airlines Company              89,580,000.06    89,510,917.18
                                      Limited and its subsidiaries
                                    Air China Limited and its subsidiaries      118,233,282.20   121,805,032.43
                                    China Eastern Airlines Corporation          195,094,369.27   142,080,093.54
                                      Limited and its subsidiaries
                                    Hainan Airlines Holding Co., Ltd. and its    63,037,311.90   101,341,764.49
                                      subsidiaries
                                    Sichuan Airlines Co., Ltd. and its           24,412,881.81    38,367,016.93
                                      subsidiaries
                                    Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares                           59,851.92
                                      Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries
                                    Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares       305,533.97         12,994.50
                                      System Integration Co., Ltd




196
                                                                                        Interim Report 2025



                                                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                 (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


12 RELATED PARTIES AND RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
   12.6 Receivables from and payables to related parties (Continued)
       12.6.2 Payables (Continued)


                                                                                As at              As at
                                                                            June 30,       December 31,
               Item         Related party                                       2025                2024
                            Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC          198,301.89            85,840.71
                            Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network        389,622.64          418,074.81
                              Co., Ltd.
                            Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and     2,320,754.72
                              Technology Co., Ltd.
                            Shanghai Sky Pass Business Travel                                 227,021.93
                              Agency Co.
                            China TravelSky Holding Company               707,547.17          971,698.11
                              Limited
                            TravelSky Cloud Data Co., Ltd.                 27,155.98            62,326.18


   12.7 Centralized fund management
       None.


13 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT
   None.


14 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
   14.1 Significant commitments
       On April 16, 2020, the Company, as a limited partner, signed the Agreement on China Mobile
       Equity Fund (Hebei Xiong’an) Partnership (Limited Partnership) with China Mobile Capital Holding
       Co., Ltd. and other companies, by which the Company subscribed for a capital contribution of
       RMB1 billion. As at June 30, 2025, the Company made the actual capital contribution (including
       fund management fee) of RMB852,175,426.81.

       Except for the case mentioned above, the Group has no other commitments required to be
       disclosed.

   14.2 Contingencies
       As at June 30, 2025, the Group had no significant contingencies required to be disclosed.




                                                                                                       197
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


15 POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS
      15.1 Significant non-adjusting events
            During July to August 2025, a total of RMB89,724,478.48 was received as tax rebate from key
            software enterprises.

      15.2 Profit distribution
            None.


16 OTHER SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
      16.1 Correction of accounting errors in prior periods
            There were no corrections of accounting errors in previous periods made during the reporting
            period.

      16.2 Annuity plan
            All full-time employees of the group participate in the basic pension insurance formulated by the
            government in accordance with national policies. As at June 30, 2025, the Group paid the basic
            pension insurance premium according to the maximum 16% of the employees’ basic salary not
            exceeding the upper limit specified by the government department, and the employees paid the
            basic pension insurance premium according to the proportion of their own salary specified by the
            government. After reaching the statutory retirement age, employees receive basic pension on a
            monthly basis. For the six months ended June 30, 2025, the Group’s total basic endowment
            insurance premiums amounted to RMB113,848,446.19 (For the six months ended June 30, 2024:
            RMB103,533,922.69).

            In addition, the Group has established an enterprise annuity plan. The expenses required for an
            enterprise annuity shall be jointly paid by the enterprise and the individual employees. Employees
            may voluntarily choose to join or not join the Company’s enterprise annuity plan. For the six
            months ended June 30, 2025, the total enterprise annuity expense of the Group was
            RMB47,250,654.74 (For the six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB40,923,915.28).

            As at June 30, 2025, the Group had no forfeited contributions to reduce its contributions to the
            defined contribution annuity plan managed by the group in future years.

            As at June 30, 2025, the Group had no defined benefit plans.

      16.3 Segment information
            The Group’s business is mainly located in China. The Group operates business only in one
            industry, i.e., providing aviation information technology and relevant services in China. The Group’s
            revenues mainly come from its related parties and customers in China, and the revenue division
            made by the Group based on major product or service has been presented in Note 5.43. The
            Group did not prepare any segment balance sheet and income statement for period ended June
            30, 2025 and June 30, 2024.

            Meanwhile, as the Group’s revenues mainly come from China, and its assets are also in China,
            there is no regional segment information presented in the Group’s financial statements.



198
                                                                                                                                                                           Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                  (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS
  17.1 Accounts receivable
      17.1.1 Disclosure of accounts receivable by aging


                                                                                                                                                    As at                              As at
                                                                                                                                                 June 30,                       December 31,
            Aging                                                                                                                                   2025                               2024
            Within 1 year                                                                                                     3,888,062,376.96                             3,975,685,791.61
            Including: Subitem within 1 year
            Within 6 months                                                                                                   2,476,969,303.90                             2,897,397,990.87
            7–12 months                                                                                                       1,411,093,073.06                             1,078,287,800.74
            1–2 years                                                                                                         1,111,842,030.02                               756,251,494.45
            2–3 years                                                                                                           289,207,944.64                               348,425,060.89
            3–4 years                                                                                                           188,832,574.20                                48,399,939.70
            4–5 years                                                                                                            71,746,277.62                               138,555,045.10
            Over 5 years                                                                                                        257,531,465.28                               223,498,357.48
            Sub-total                                                                                                         5,807,222,668.72                             5,490,815,689.23
            Less: provision for bad debts                                                                                       843,905,693.51                               989,732,625.11


            Total                                                                                                             4,963,316,975.21                             4,501,083,064.12


      17.1.2 Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category

                                                                      As at June 30, 2025                                                                 As at December 31, 2024
                                              Book balance                Provision for bad debts                                    Book balance                Provision for bad debts
                                                                                            Proportion                                                                           Proportion
                                                         Proportion                         of provision                                         Proportion                     of provision
            Category                          Amount           (%)             Amount               (%)         Book value            Amount            (%)           Amount               (%)        Book value

            Provision for bad debts
                accrued on an
                individual basis       828,304,151.03         14.26      543,700,790.57           65.64     284,603,360.46     937,075,594.38         17.07    622,614,708.39         66.44       314,460,885.99
            Provision for bad debts
                accrued on a
                portfolio basis of
                credit risk
                characteristics       4,978,918,517.69        85.74      300,204,902.94            6.03    4,678,713,614.75   4,553,740,094.85        82.93    367,117,916.72          8.06      4,186,622,178.13


            Total                     5,807,222,668.72       100.00      843,905,693.51                    4,963,316,975.21   5,490,815,689.23      100.00     989,732,625.11                    4,501,083,064.12




                                                                                                                                                                                                            199
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.1 Accounts receivable (Continued)
            17.1.2 Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category (Continued)
                  Provision for bad debts accrued on an individual basis:

                                                      As at June 30, 2025                           As at December 31, 2024
                                                                 Proportion
                                      Accounts    Provision for of provision   Reason for              Accounts     Provision for
                   Entity            receivable      bad debts           (%)   provision              receivable      bad debts
                   Customer 1    189,204,339.30    5,838,714.72        3.09    Poor financial     233,931,425.17    50,504,038.94
                                                                                 situation
                   Customer 2    182,618,679.13 182,618,679.13       100.00    Significant        182,618,679.13   182,618,679.13
                                                                                 uncertainty
                                                                                 about
                                                                                 recoverability
                   Customer 3    164,442,462.79 159,946,841.07        97.27    Operating          148,121,954.26   132,043,017.56
                                                                                 difficulties
                   Customer 4     70,238,348.38   70,238,348.38      100.00    Significant         62,246,713.30    34,005,774.28
                                                                                 uncertainty
                                                                                 about
                                                                                 recoverability
                   Customer 5     56,725,632.25   45,005,072.38       79.34    Poor financial      79,762,103.19    69,810,061.38
                                                                                 situation
                   Customer 6     43,858,045.30   28,432,578.01       64.83    Poor financial      57,194,823.29    45,248,042.32
                                                                                 situation
                   Customer 7     27,096,959.61   10,505,355.13       38.77    Poor financial      54,499,754.25    39,276,262.72
                                                                                 situation
                   Customer 8     16,304,439.54    4,392,901.09       26.94    Poor financial      18,162,189.27     3,906,929.28
                                                                                 situation
                   Customer 9     14,437,862.88    4,982,889.21       34.51    Operating           14,322,529.89     9,668,871.67
                                                                                 deterioration
                   Customer 10     8,951,531.34    3,944,006.59       44.06    Poor financial      19,526,752.14    13,966,667.78
                                                                                 situation
                   Others         54,425,850.51   27,795,404.86       51.07                        66,688,670.49    41,566,363.33


                   Total         828,304,151.03 543,700,790.57                                    937,075,594.38   622,614,708.39




200
                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2025



                                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                          For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                           (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.1 Accounts receivable (Continued)
      17.1.2 Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category (Continued)
           Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

           Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                                 As at June 30, 2025
                                                                  Accounts            Provision for                 Proportion of
            Portfolio                                            receivable              bad debts                  provision (%)
            Accounts receivable from
              third-parties                             1,646,898,888.44                300,204,902.94                         18.23
            Accounts receivable from
              related parties                           3,332,019,629.25


            Total                                       4,978,918,517.69                300,204,902.94


      17.1.3 Provision, reversal or recovery of provision for bad debts in 2025


                                              As at                     Changes in the current period                              As at
                                      December 31,                          Reversal/        Write-off/                        June 30,
            Item                               2024         Provision       Recovery        charge-off    Other changes            2025

            Provision for bad
               debts accrued on
               an individual basis    622,614,708.39   –78,913,917.82                                                     543,700,790.57
            Provision for bad debts
               accrued on a
               portfolio basis of
               credit risk
               characteristics        367,117,916.72   –66,913,013.78                                                     300,204,902.94


            Total                     989,732,625.11 –145,826,931.60                                                      843,905,693.51


      17.1.4 Top five of accounts receivable and contract asset as at June 30, 2025 presented by debtors
           The sum amount of top five of accounts receivable and contract asset presented by debtors
           is RMB2,867,084,740.90, accounting for 48.53% of the total ending balance of accounts
           receivable and contract asset, and the corresponding ending balance of allowance for bad
           debts is RMB202,702,513.43 in aggregate.




                                                                                                                                     201
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.2 Other receivables

                                                                                 As at           As at
                                                                              June 30,    December 31,
             Item                                                                2025            2024
             Interest receivable
             Dividends receivable                                         50,889,500.00    52,433,800.00
             Other receivables                                           339,225,250.66   312,323,447.16


             Total                                                       390,114,750.66   364,757,247.16


            17.2.1 Dividends receivable
                 Details of dividends receivable

                                                                                 As at           As at
                                                                              June 30,    December 31,
                     Item (or investee)                                          2025            2024
                     Xinjiang Civil Aviation Kaiya Information Network
                        Co., Ltd.                                         29,412,700.00    29,412,700.00
                     Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.               10,200,000.00    10,200,000.00
                     Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.                 7,711,100.00     7,711,100.00
                     Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares System
                        Integration Co., Ltd                               2,050,000.00     2,050,000.00
                     Xinjiang TravelSky E-surfing Science and
                        Technology Co., Ltd.                                500,000.00        500,000.00
                     Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.                             2,560,000.00
                     Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares Technology Co., Ltd.       1,015,700.00
                     Sub-total                                            50,889,500.00    52,433,800.00
                     Less: Provision for bad debts


                     Total                                                50,889,500.00    52,433,800.00




202
                                                                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                         (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.2 Other receivables (Continued)
      17.2.2 Other receivables
           (1)   Disclosure by aging

                                                                                                                                 As at                               As at
                                                                                                                              June 30,                        December 31,
                  Aging                                                                                                          2025                                2024
                  Within 1 year                                                                                   128,128,682.15                               99,846,693.29
                  Including: subitem within 1 year
                  Within 6 months                                                                                 115,705,144.61                             86,388,449.60
                  7–12 months                                                                                      12,423,537.54                             13,458,243.69
                  1–2 years                                                                                        67,081,926.59                             67,728,759.40
                  2–3 years                                                                                        17,210,566.25                             17,486,628.25
                  3–4 years                                                                                         7,378,072.52                              9,328,105.81
                  4–5 years                                                                                         3,315,223.52                              2,309,474.98
                  Over 5 years                                                                                    116,110,779.63                            115,623,785.43
                  Sub-total                                                                                       339,225,250.66                            312,323,447.16
                  Less: provision for bad debts


                  Total                                                                                           339,225,250.66                            312,323,447.16


           (2)   Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category

                                                                  As at June 30, 2025                                                     As at December 31, 2024
                                               Book balance            Provision for bad debts                           Book balance            Provision for bad debts
                                                                                  Proportion                                                                 Proportion
                                                          Proportion             of provision                                       Proportion             of provision
                  Category                     Amount           (%)     Amount           (%)        Book value           Amount            (%)    Amount            (%)       Book value

                  Provision for bad
                   debts accrued on
                   an individual basis
                  Provision for bad
                   debts accrued on a
                   portfolio basis of
                   credit risk
                   characteristics       339,225,250.66       100.00                             339,225,250.66    312,323,447.16       100.00                             312,323,447.16


                  Total                  339,225,250.66       100.00                             339,225,250.66    312,323,447.16       100.00                             312,323,447.16




                                                                                                                                                                                    203
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.2 Other receivables (Continued)
            17.2.2 Other receivables (Continued)
                  (2)   Disclosure under the methods of provision for bad debts by category (Continued)
                        Provision for bad debts accrued on a portfolio basis of credit risk characteristics:

                        Item accrued on a portfolio basis:

                                                                           As at June 30, 2025
                                                                  Other         Provision for            Proportion of
                         Name                               receivables            bad debts             provision (%)
                         Non-related parties            131,565,370.02
                         Related parties                207,659,880.64


                         Total                          339,225,250.66


                 (3)    Changes in the book balance of other receivables are as follows:


                                                          Phase 1           Phase 2           Phase 3
                                                                     Expected credit   Expected credit
                                                                      losses for the    losses for the
                                                   Expected credit   entire duration   entire duration
                                                     losses in the        (no credit           (credit
                         Book balance              next 12 months       impairment)       impairment)              Total
                         Balance as at
                           December 31, 2024        312,323,447.16                                        312,323,447.16
                         In 2025, balance as at
                           December 31, 2024
                         — Transfer to Phase 2
                         — Transfer to Phase 3
                         — Reversal from Phase 2
                         — Reversal from Phase 1
                         Increase in 2025            26,901,803.50                                         26,901,803.50
                         Derecognition in 2025
                         Other changes
                         Balance as at
                           June 30, 2025            339,225,250.66                                        339,225,250.66




204
                                                                                                                          Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.2 Other receivables (Continued)
      17.2.2 Other receivables (Continued)
               (4)   Classification of other receivables by the nature of payment

                                                                                                            As at                    As at
                                                                                                         June 30,             December 31,
                       Nature                                                                               2025                     2024
                       Insurance reserve funds of personnel
                         stationed abroad                                                        88,128,156.58                 96,618,231.78
                       Advance payments                                                         108,198,476.31                 71,906,010.51
                       Deposit payments                                                           5,954,480.78                  6,597,859.28
                       Reserve funds                                                                 84,630.28                    124,153.49
                       Others                                                                   136,859,506.71                137,077,192.10


                       Total                                                                    339,225,250.66                312,323,447.16


               (5)   Top five of other receivable as at June 30, 2025 presented by debtors
                     The sum amount of top five of other receivables presented by debtors is
                     RMB279,894,354.06, accounting for 82.51% of the total balance of other receivables as
                     at June 30, 2025. The ending balance of the corresponding provision for bad debts is
                     RMB0.00.

  17.3 Long-term equity investments

                                                     As at June 30, 2025                                    As at December 31, 2024
                                                          Provision for                                            Provision for
       Category                      Book balance          impairment           Book value      Book balance        impairment           Book value

       Investment in subsidiary   2,066,899,557.32                         2,066,899,557.32   2,066,899,557.32                     2,066,899,557.32
       Investment in associates
          and joint ventures       694,714,925.99                           694,714,925.99     682,451,949.73                         682,451,949.73


       Total                      2,761,614,483.31                         2,761,614,483.31   2,749,351,507.05                     2,749,351,507.05




                                                                                                                                                205
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.3 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
            17.3.1 Investment in subsidiaries

                                                                                 Balance of                  Increase/decrease in 2025                                 Balance of
                                                                                provision for                                                                        provision for
                                                                     Balance     impairment                                                               Balance     impairment
                                                                        as at          as at                                                                 as at           as at
                                                               December 31, December 31,        Additional     Reduced Provision for                     June 30,        June 30,
                   Investees                                            2024            2024    investment   investment impairment       Others              2025            2025

                   Hainan Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.       10,205,095.00                                                                        10,205,095.00
                   Shenzhen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.       4,302,941.18                                                                        4,302,941.18
                   Hubei Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.        11,446,825.00                                                                        11,446,825.00
                   Chongqing Civil Aviation Cares
                      Information Technology Co., Ltd.           4,998,000.00                                                                        4,998,000.00
                   Xiamen Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.         1,020,000.00                                                                        1,020,000.00
                   Infosky Information Technology Co.,
                      Ltd.                                    153,820,754.50                                                                       153,820,754.50
                   Qingdao Civil Aviation Cares Co., Ltd.        1,020,000.00                                                                        1,020,000.00
                   Xi’an Civil Aviation Cares Technology
                      Co., Ltd.                                  1,020,000.00                                                                        1,020,000.00
                   Xinjiang Civil Aviation Cares
                      Technology Co., Ltd.                       1,530,000.00                                                                        1,530,000.00
                   Guangzhou TravelSky Technology
                      Limited                                 400,000,000.00                                                                       400,000,000.00
                   Shanghai TravelSky Technology
                      Limited                                    4,000,000.00                                                                        4,000,000.00
                   Accounting Center of China Aviation        853,519,487.07                                                                       853,519,487.07
                   TravelSky International Limited             11,364,427.02                                                                        11,364,427.02
                   TravelSky Technology (Singapore)
                      Limited                                 353,594,927.55                                                                       353,594,927.55
                   TravelSky Cares (Beijing) Property Co.,
                      Ltd.                                     10,000,000.00                                                                        10,000,000.00
                   Hunan TravelSky Technology Limited          30,000,000.00                                                                        30,000,000.00
                   Inner Mongolia Civil Aviation
                      Information Technology Co., Ltd.           5,000,000.00                                                                        5,000,000.00
                   Beijing TravelSky Travel Service Co.,
                      Ltd.                                     72,000,000.00                                                                        72,000,000.00
                   Travelsky Yunzhi Technology (Beijing)
                      Co., Ltd.                                50,000,000.00                                                                        50,000,000.00
                   Henan Civil Aviation Information
                      Technology Co., Ltd.                     10,000,000.00                                                                        10,000,000.00
                   Zhejiang Civil Aviation Information
                      Technology Co., Ltd.                     19,047,100.00                                                                        19,047,100.00
                   Beijing TravelSky Technology Limited        50,010,000.00                                                                        50,010,000.00
                   Guangzhou Skyecho Information
                      Technology Co., Ltd.                       4,000,000.00                                                                        4,000,000.00
                   TravelSky Digital Intelligence
                      Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.             5,000,000.00                                                                        5,000,000.00


                   Total                                     2,066,899,557.32                                                                     2,066,899,557.32




206
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Interim Report 2025



                                                                                                                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                   For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
                                                                                                                    (Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
  17.3 Long-term equity investments (Continued)
      17.3.2 Investments in associates and joint ventures

                                                                                        Balance of                                                      Increase/decrease in 2025
                                                                                      provision for                              Profit or loss on                                                                                                 Provision for
                                                                       Balance         impairment                                    investments      Adjustment to                   Cash dividends                                                impairment
                                                                         as at                as at                                    recognized             other                        or profits                                     As at            as at
                                                                  December 31,       December 31,      Additional        Reduced under the equity    comprehensive Changes in other   declared to be    Provision for                  June 30,        June 30,
               Investees                                                  2024                2024    investment      investment           method           income           equity      distributed     impairment      Others           2025             2025

               1. Joint ventures
                  Heilongjiang TravelSky Airport Network Co.,
                       Ltd.                                        26,353,430.47                                                      1,598,757.02                                                                                 27,952,187.49
                  Dalian TravelSky Airport Network LLC             26,365,554.68                                                        –33,770.09                                                                                 26,331,784.59
                  Hebei TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.        15,926,740.70                                                      1,362,444.62                                                                                 17,289,185.32
                  Xinjiang Hangxin Tianyi Technology Innovation
                       Co., Ltd.                                   31,548,971.16                                                     –5,405,295.10                                                                                 26,143,676.06
                  Yunnan TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.      117,000,426.96                                                        809,845.16                                                                                117,810,272.12
               Sub-total                                          217,195,123.97                                                     –1,668,018.39                                                                                215,527,105.58
               2. Associates
                  Beijing TravelSky Borun Technology Co., Ltd.     61,237,607.23                                                      3,158,436.66                                                                                 64,396,043.89
                  TravelSky Mobile Technology Limited              35,331,290.71                                                     –2,503,702.99                                                                                 32,827,587.72
                  Shanghai Civil Aviation East China Cares
                       System Integration Co., Ltd.                94,315,008.91                                                     –1,642,178.96                                                                                 92,672,829.95
                  Shenyang Civil Aviation Northeast Cares Co.,
                       Ltd.                                       164,649,228.86                                                      7,037,581.58                                                                                171,686,810.44
                  Chengdu Civil Aviation Southwest Cares Co.,
                       Ltd                                         94,656,368.59                                                      7,374,049.15                                                                                102,030,417.74
                  Guangzhou Airport Hangyi Information
                       Technology Co., Ltd.                         6,946,968.81                                                        385,231.24                                                                                  7,332,200.05
                  Yantai TravelSky Airport Network Co., Ltd.        8,120,352.65                                                        121,577.97                                                                                  8,241,930.62
               Sub-total                                          465,256,825.76                                                     13,930,994.65                                                                                479,187,820.41


               Total                                              682,451,949.73                                                     12,262,976.26                                                                                694,714,925.99




  17.4 Operating revenue and operating costs
      Operating revenue and operating costs


                                                                                              For the six months ended                                                                      For the six months ended
                                                                                                    June 30, 2025                                                                                 June 30, 2024
       Item                                                                                     Revenue                Cost                                                                   Revenue                Cost
       Primary businesses                                                          3,154,638,646.20                          1,305,613,931.11                                       3,296,634,190.99                      1,344,722,538.39
       Other businesses                                                               10,567,675.68                              4,152,025.53                                          16,705,112.37                          4,121,820.66


       Total                                                                       3,165,206,321.88                          1,309,765,956.64                                       3,313,339,303.36                      1,348,844,359.05




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         207
TravelSky Technology Limited



NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
For the Six Months Ended June 30, 2025
(Amounts are expressed in RMB unless otherwise stated)


17 NOTES TO THE MAIN ITEMS OF THE PARENT COMPANY’S FINANCIAL
   STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
      17.5 Investment income

                                                                                  For the             For the
                                                                        six months ended    six months ended
             Item                                                           June 30, 2025       June 30, 2024
             Income from long-term equity investments calculated
                under cost method                                            1,015,700.00        1,334,500.00
             Income from long-term equity investments calculated
                under equity method                                        12,262,976.26       –14,518,585.49
             Gains from disposal of long-term equity investments              115,292.51        21,404,570.75
             Income from held-for-trading financial assets during the
                holding period                                               8,858,877.99       29,540,454.50
             Interest income from debt investment during the holding
                period                                                       8,697,113.52


             Total                                                         30,949,960.28        37,760,939.76


                                                                           TRAVELSKY TECHNOLOGY LIMITED

                                                                                              August 21, 2025




208
                                                                                          Interim Report 2025




                                                      CORPORATE INFORMATION
                  (As of the latest practicable date September 3, 2025 before the issue date of this report)



BOARD
The seventh session of the board of directors of the Company established by election by shareholders on
February 27, 2020 comprises:

Huang Rongshun                  Chairman, Executive Director (appointed on August 5, 2021) and General
                                  Manager
Sun Yuquan                      Non-executive Director (appointed on January 25, 2024)
Qu Guangji                      Non-executive Director (appointed on January 25, 2024)
He Xiaoqun                      Non-executive Director (appointed on June 12, 2025)
Liu Zehong                      Independent Non-executive Director (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Chan Wing Tak Kevin             Independent Non-executive Director (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                      Independent Non-executive Director (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Liang Shuang                    Employee Representative Director (appointed on January 23, 2025)

AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE (SUPERVISION COMMITTEE)
Chan Wing Tak Kevin             Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Liu Zehong                      Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                      Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)

REMUNERATION AND EVALUATION COMMITTEE
Liu Zehong                      Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Chan Wing Tak Kevin             Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                      Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)

NOMINATION COMMITTEE
Huang Rongshun                  Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on August 5, 2021)
Liu Zehong                      Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)
Xu Hongzhi                      Member (appointed on September 1, 2022)

STRATEGY AND INVESTMENT COMMITTEE (LEGAL COMPLIANCE
COMMITTEE)
Huang Rongshun                  Chief Member (Chairman) (appointed on August 5, 2021)
Sun Yuquan                      Member (appointed on January 25, 2024)
Qu Guangji                      Member (appointed on January 25, 2024)
He Xiaoqun                      Member (appointed on June 12, 2025)
Liu Zehong                      Member (appointed on January 18, 2023)




                                                                                                         209
TravelSky Technology Limited



CORPORATE INFORMATION
(As of the latest practicable date September 3, 2025 before the issue date of this report)



DIRECTOR RESIGNED INCLUDING HIS RESPECTIVE DUTY IN
THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE
Xi Sheng                          Non-executive Director (appointed on February 27, 2020, resigned on June
                                   22, 2025), Member of the Strategy Committee (appointed on February 27,
                                   2020, resigned on June 22, 2025)

SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
The seventh session of the Supervisory Committee established by election by shareholders on February 27,
2020 (except for the employee representative supervisors) comprises:

Zhang Xin                         Employee Representative Supervisor (appointed by the employee
                                    representative meeting of the Company on January 17, 2024)
Bai Bin                           Supervisor (appointed on June 15, 2023)
Lyu Wei                           Supervisor (appointed on January 23, 2025)

SUPERVISOR RESIGNED
Yang Jun                          Supervisor (appointed on June 16, 2022, resigned on January 23, 2025)

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Huang Rongshun                    General Manager (appointed on April 29, 2022), Chairman, Executive
                                    Director
Liu Xianqing                      Chief Accountant (appointed on September 29, 2024)
Li Jinsong                        Vice General Manager (appointed on November 14, 2016)
Liang Haifeng                     Vice General Manager (appointed on August 27, 2020)
Du Xiaoming                       Vice General Manager (appointed on June 4, 2025)
Yu Bo                             Vice General Manager (appointed on June 4, 2025)
Yu Xiaochun                       Company Secretary (Secretary to the Board, appointed on March 16, 2010)

SENIOR MANAGEMENT RESIGNED
Yuan Leifeng                      Vice General Manager (appointed on July 23, 2020, resigned on
                                    January 20, 2025)

REGISTERED ADDRESS
7 Yu Min Da Street, Houshayu Town, Shunyi District
Beijing 101308, PRC




210
                                                                                            Interim Report 2025



                                                                                   CORPORATE INFORMATION
                    (As of the latest practicable date September 3, 2025 before the issue date of this report)



PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Room 2201–05, 22/F., China Resources Building
26 Harbour Road, Wanchai
Hong Kong


PLACE OF LISTING
The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
Stock Code: 00696


HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Hong Kong Registrars Limited
Shops 1712–1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong


DEPOSITARY OF SPONSORED LEVEL I AMERICAN DEPOSITARY RECEIPT
PROGRAMME
The Bank of New York Mellon

Shareholder correspondence:
BNY Mellon Shareowner Services
P.O. Box 43006
Providence RI 02940–3078

Overnight Correspondence:
BNY Mellon Shareowner Services
150 Royall St., Suite 101
Canton, MA 02021
Tel. +1 888–269–2377 (toll-free number in the U.S.)
Tel. +1 201 680 6825 (international)
www.mybnymdr.com


AUDITOR
BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP
Room 1410, Fanli Building,
No. 22 Chaoyangmenwai Street,
Chaoyang District, Beijing 100020,
PRC

According to the Financial Reporting Council Ordinance (Cap 588) of Hong Kong effective on October 1, 2019,
BDO China SHU LUN PAN Certified Public Accountants LLP engaged by the Company is a recognised PRC
auditor.




                                                                                                           211
TravelSky Technology Limited



CORPORATE INFORMATION
(As of the latest practicable date September 3, 2025 before the issue date of this report)




LEGAL ADVISERS
As to Hong Kong law:
Baker & McKenzie
14th Floor, One Taikoo Place,
979 King’s Road, Quarry Bay,
Hong Kong

As to the PRC law:
Commerce & Finance Law Offices
12–14/F China World Tower 2,
No.1 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Beijing, PRC


CONTACT DETAILS FOR INVESTORS
Beijing:            Board office                           HK:       Public Relations Consultant
Postal address:     TravelSky High-Tech Industrial Park,             Ever Bloom (HK) Communications
                    Houshayu Town, Shunyi District,                    Consultants Group Limited
                    Beijing 101318, PRC                              10/F, 80 Gloucester Road,
                                                                     Wanchai, Hong Kong
Telephone:          (8610) 5765 0696                       Tel:      852–3468 8640
Facsimile:          (8610) 5765 0695                       Fax:      852–2111 1103
Email:              ir@travelsky.com.cn                    Email:    travelsky.list@everbloom.com.cn
Website:            www.travelskyir.com

COMPANY’S WEBSITES
Website of consolidated information of the Company:
www.travelsky.cn

Website established in accordance with Rule 2.07C(6)(a) of the Listing Rules:
www.travelskyir.com

You may obtain the English and Chinese versions of the financial reports, announcements, circulars,
operation data and results presentation of the Company through this website.




212
                                                                                                2025
                                                                                            INTERIM REPORT




Tel:        (8610) 5765 0696




                                                                      Interim Report 2025
Fax:        (8610) 5765 0695
Email:      ir@travelsky.com.cn     (Contact details for investors)

Address:    TravelSky High-Tech Industrial Park, Houshayu Town,
            Shunyi District, Beijing, PRC
Postal Code: 101318
Website:    www.travelskyir.com
