EXERCISE CAUTION IN
DETAILS AND
IMPLEMENTATION
BUILD A STRONG
FOUNDATION TO SEEK

GREATER
SUCCESS




                      ANNUAL REPORT
                               2025
ii   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




                                                The Group adheres to its core values of

     Vision                                     Customer-oriented, Quality
                                                Assurance, Value Creation
                                                and inherits the business concept of “Exercising Caution in Details
                                                and Implementation; Building a Strong Foundation to Seek Greater
                                                Success”, strictly abides by the industry standard, upholds the
                                                heart of dedication, consciously shoulders the corporate mission of
                                                “We Manage Happiness”, and strives for growth and continuous
                                                innovation. With the continuous enhancement of individuals’ values
                                                and the perfect release of team creative energy, the Group aims to
                                                developing into an international enterprise and becoming a new role
                                                model of “harmonious and win-win” with shareholders, employees and
                                                society in the new era. The Group will continuously move towards the
                                                goal of becoming a worldclass comprehensive enterprise integrating
                                                “Technology, Investment, Construction and Asset Operation”.
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   1




Contents
2    Corporate Structure                  94    Directors’ Report

4    Board of Directors and Committees    105   Connected Transactions

5    Corporate Information                118   Audited Consolidated Financial
                                                   Statements
7    Financial Highlights
                                                –   Independent Auditor’s Report
8    Major Events of the Year
                                                –   Consolidated Income Statement
28   Chairman’s Statement
                                                –   Consolidated Statement of
34   Management Discussion and Analysis             Comprehensive Income

                                                –   Consolidated Statement of
40   Business Review
                                                    Financial Position
56   Major Awards and Accolades
                                                –   Consolidated Statement of
                                                    Changes in Equity
60   Corporate Citizenship
                                                –   Consolidated Statement of
     –   Staff Development and Personal
                                                    Cash Flows
         Growth
                                                –   Notes to the Consolidated
     –   The Group and Community
                                                    Financial Statements
     –   Environmental Policy
                                          225   Five Year Financial
                                                    Summary
     –   Investor Relations
                                          227   Particulars of Major
76   Directors and Organisation                     Investment
                                                    Properties
82   Corporate Governance Report
2   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




    CORPORATE
    STRUCTURE
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   3


                                                                                     Corporate Structure (continued)




      CHINESE                                       Construction Related Investment
                                                    General Contracting and Prefabricated Construction

     MAINLAND
                                                    Operation of Infrastructure Assets
                                                    Other Construction Related Business




                                                    Building Construction

           HONG                                     Civil Engineering Works
                                                    Foundation Engineering Works

           KONG
                                                    Mechanical and Electrical Engineering Works
                                                    Investment-driven Contracting Business
                                                    Other Construction Related Business




                                                    Building Construction
                                                    Civil Engineering Works

         MACAU                                      Foundation Engineering Works
                                                    Mechanical and Electrical Engineering Works
                                                    Investment-driven Contracting Business
                                                    Other Construction Related Business




        OTHERS                                      Curtain Wall System*
                                                    Operation Management Business*




*   Operate through a listed subsidiary, China State Construction Development Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 00830)
4   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




    BOARD OF DIRECTORS
    AND COMMITTEES

    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                        COMMITTEES

    Chairman and Executive Director                           Audit Committee
    Zhang Haipeng                                             Wong Wai Ching (Chairlady)
                                                              Chan Tze Ching Ignatius
    Non-executive Directors                                   Chan Fan
    Yan Jianguo
    Ye Nan                                                    Remuneration Committee
                                                              Chan Fan (Chairman)
    Executive Directors                                       Wong Wai Ching
    Wang Xiaoguang (Chief Executive Officer)                  Chan Tze Ching Ignatius
    Hung Cheung Shew
                                                              Nomination Committee
    Independent Non-executive Directors                       Chan Tze Ching Ignatius (Chairman)
    Wong Wai Ching                                            Wong Wai Ching
    Chan Tze Ching Ignatius                                   Chan Fan
    Chan Fan
                                                              Sustainability Committee
                                                              Wang Xiaoguang (Chairman)
                                                              Zhang Haipeng
                                                              Wong Wai Ching
                                                              Chan Tze Ching Ignatius
                                                              Chan Fan
                                                                                Annual Report 2025     5



                                                                     CORPORATE
                                                                   INFORMATION

AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES            PUBLIC RELATIONS

Zhang Haipeng                         Telephone    :   (852) 2823 7888
Yan Jianguo                           Facsimile    :   (852) 2671 9477
                                      E-mail       :   csci.pr@cohl.com
COMPANY SECRETARY
                                      AUDITOR
Ko Hiu Fung
                                      Ernst & Young
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND         Certified Public Accountants
TRANSFER OFFICE                       Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                      under the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
Suntera (Cayman) Limited
Suite 3204, Unit 2A, Block 3          PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Building D, P. O. Box 1586
Gardenia Court, Camana Bay            Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Grand Cayman, KY1-1100                Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
Cayman Islands                        Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
                                      BNP Paribas Hong Kong Branch
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE                China Construction Bank Corporation
                                      China Development Bank Corporation
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                      Hang Seng Bank Limited
                                      Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd.
Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                      The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong                             LISTING
Telephone: (852) 2980 1333
Facsimile: (852) 2810 8185            The Company’s shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of
E-mail: is-enquiries@vistra.com       Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) and certain debt
                                      securities issued by the Company and/or its subsidiaries are
                                      listed on the Stock Exchange and/or other exchanges.
REGISTERED OFFICE

Cricket Square                        STOCK CODE
Hutchins Drive
P.O. Box 2681                         Shares
Grand Cayman KY1-1111                 Stock Exchange: 03311
Cayman Islands                        Bloomberg: 3311:HK
                                      Reuters: 3311.HK
HEAD OFFICE AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
BUSINESS IN HONG KONG                 WEBSITE

28th Floor, China Overseas Building   www.csci.com.hk
139 Hennessy Road, Wanchai
Hong Kong


INVESTOR RELATIONS

Telephone     :   (852) 2823 7888
Facsimile     :   (852) 2671 9477
E-mail        :   csci.ir@cohl.com
6   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




    Corporate Information (continued)




    FINANCIAL CALENDAR

    Interim Results Announcement
    20 August 2025

    Record date – Interim Dividend
    17 September 2025

    Payment date – Interim Dividend
    10 October 2025

    Final Results Announcement
    26 March 2026

    Closure of Register of Members – Annual General Meeting
    9 June 2026 to 12 June 2026 (both days inclusive)

    Annual General Meeting
    12 June 2026

    Record date – Proposed Final Dividend
    18 June 2026

    Payment date – Proposed Final Dividend
    10 July 2026
                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025        7



                                                                                                                    FINANCIAL
                                                                                                                   HIGHLIGHTS

                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December
                                                                      2021              2022          2023        2024                       2025
                                                                  (restated)        (restated)    (restated)  (restated)
 Results (RMB’000)
 Revenue                                                       63,857,741        87,596,752      101,678,208       105,322,671      100,448,500
 EBITDA (Note)                                                 10,312,749        12,419,243       14,448,442        15,663,854       15,316,433
 Profit attributable to owners of the Company                   5,617,526         6,834,956        8,192,656         8,565,331        8,588,443
 Financial Ratios
 Net margin (%)                                                         8.8               7.8               8.1              8.1               8.6
 Current ratio (times)                                                 1.23              1.25              1.26             1.35              1.41
 Financial Information Per Share
 Earnings (RMB)                                                        1.12              1.36             1.63              1.70             1.64
 Dividend (RMB cents)                                                 33.45             41.23            50.06             56.27            57.38
 Net assets (RMB)                                                     10.67             11.84            13.38             14.11            15.22
 Other Information
 Value of incomplete contracts at 31 December
 (RMB billion)                                                      228.46            259.19            317.85           359.48            364.68


Note:   EBITDA represents profit before tax, interest expenses, depreciation and amortisation charged to the consolidated income statement during the
        year.




Breakdown of Segment Revenue                                                Breakdown of Segment Results
for the year ended 31 December 2025                                         for the year ended 31 December 2025


                             CSC Development                                                                CSC Development
                             Group                                                                          Group
                 Macau                                                                          Macau                  Hong Kong

                 3.4%
                             3.6%                                                                5.3% 2.1%                  8.8%
                                                        Hong Kong
                                                        39.6%




 Chinese
mainland
                                                                                  Chinese
  53.4%
                                                                                 mainland
                                                                                   83.8%
8   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




    MAJOR EVENTS
    OF THE YEAR

     JAN


       On 3 January, China State Construction International
       Investments Limited (“CSCIIL”), a subsidiary of China
       State Construction International Holdings Limited (the
       “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”),
       won the bid for the Zhoushan Yongdong Digital Marine
       Industrial Park Project. As a core project among the “Eight
       High-Level Development Platforms” under Zhoushan’s
       “985” Action Plan, the project undertakes the important
       tasks of driving innovation in the city’s digital marine
       industry and promoting high-level industry-city integration.




                                                                      On 17 January, China State Construction Engineering
                                                                      (Hong Kong) Limited (“CSHK”), a subsidiary of the
                                                                      Group, was invited to attend the “HKICBIM Award 2025”
                                                                      Presentation Ceremony organised by the Hong Kong
                                                                      Institute of Civil and Building Information Management
                                                                      (“HKICBIM”), and received multiple awards including the
                                                                      highest honour “Diamond Award”.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   9


                                                                     Major Events of the Year (continued)




FEB


In February, the office building facade works for the West
New Territories Landfill Extension Project, undertaken
by Far East Facade (Hong Kong) Limited (“Far East
Facade (Hong Kong)”) and Far East Green Energy
Technology (Guangdong) Co., Ltd. (“Far East Green
Energy Technology”), both subsidiaries of China State
Construction Development Holdings Limited (“CSC
Development”), commenced power generation, marking
the official launch of the Group’s first photovoltaic building
facade project in Hong Kong.




                                                                 On 14 February, Transcendence Company Limited
                                                                 (“Transcendence”), a subsidiary of CSHK, held a “Smart
                                                                 Safety” promotion event at the project of Yuen Long
                                                                 Barrage and Nullah Improvement Schemes. Under the
                                                                 theme “Work Smart & Build Safety”, the event promoted
                                                                 the application of innovative safety technologies at
                                                                 construction sites. Ms Bernadette Linn, Secretary for
                                                                 Development of the Hong Kong SAR Government,
                                                                 attended the event as the officiating guest.
10   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Major Events of the Year (continued)




       FEB


        On 25 February, CSHK held the launching ceremony for
        Hong Kong’s first hydrogen energy application in the
        construction industry, together with a sharing session on
        three hydrogen energy applications by CSHK. Mr. TSE
        Chin Wan, Secretary for Environment and Ecology of
        the Hong Kong SAR Government, Mr. Poon Kwok-ying,
        Director of Electrical and Mechanical Services, and other
        guests attended the event as officiating guests.




                                                                    On 28 February, China State Construction International
                                                                    Investments (Anhui) Limited, a subsidiary of CSCIIL,
                                                                    jointly with China State Construction Hailong Technology
                                                                    Company Limited (“CSC Hailong”), won the bid for
                                                                    the “Smart Construction – MiC” project for the new
                                                                    comprehensive buildings of Lu’an Road Primary School
                                                                    (China Railway International City Campus) and Hongxing
                                                                    Road Primary School (International Division Campus) in
                                                                    Luyang District, Hefei.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   11


                                                                 Major Events of the Year (continued)




MAR


On 14 March, the Fuyang Automotive Electronics
Industry Base and Supporting Works Project in Hangzhou,
undertaken by China State Construction International
Investments (Zhejiang) Limited, a subsidiary of CSCIIL,
officially commenced construction. As a major project
under Zhejiang Province’s “1,000 Projects & Trillion
Investment” initiative, the project, upon completion,
will improve the automotive electronics industry chain
ecosystem in Fuyang, enhance industrial output and
agglomeration effect, and support the sustainable
economic and social development of the region.




                                                             On 14 March, the Group introduced China Orient Asset
                                                             Management (International) Holding Limited (“Orient
                                                             International”) as its strategic shareholder. Orient
                                                             International completed the subscription of 244,600,000
                                                             shares of the Group pursuant to the subscription
                                                             agreement, at a subscription price of HK$12.26 per share.
                                                             On 22 March, Mr. Ye Nan, Chief Financial Officer of Orient
                                                             International, was appointed as a non-executive Director
                                                             of the Company.




On 18 March, the opening ceremony of the Hong
Kong Baptist University Jockey Club Creative Campus,
constructed by CSHK, was held. Christine Choi Yuk-
lin, Secretary for Education of the Hong Kong SAR
Government, Mrs Ann Kung Yeung Yun Chi, Steward of
the Hong Kong Jockey Club, Wong Ying-ho, Chairman of
the Council and the Court of Hong Kong Baptist University,
and Professor Alexander Ping-Kong Wai, President and
Vice-Chancellor of Hong Kong Baptist University, attended
the event.
12   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Major Events of the Year (continued)




      MAR


        On 21 March, the topping-out ceremony for Buildings 8
        and 9 (wet laboratories) of Phase 1 of the Hong Kong-
        Shenzhen Innovation and Technology Park, constructed
        by CSHK, was successfully completed. John Lee Ka-chiu,
        Chief Executive of the Hong Kong SAR Government,
        Michael Wong Wai-lun, Acting Financial Secretary, and
        Sun Dong, Secretary for Innovation, Technology and
        Industry, attended the ceremony.




                                                                   On 21 March, China Construction Portugal Limited, a
                                                                   subsidiary of China Construction Engineering (Macau)
                                                                   Company Limited (“CCE Macau”) under the Group, as
                                                                   vice-chairman and secretary-general unit of the Portuguese
                                                                   Chinese Enterprises Association, hosted the 2025
                                                                   Portuguese-Chinese Enterprises Association Situation
                                                                   Seminar. Zhao Bentang, then Chinese Ambassador to
                                                                   Portugal, attended the event.




        On 26 March, CSHK was invited to attend the presentation
        ceremony of the “Hong Kong Construction Association
        Hong Kong Construction Environmental Awards
        2024 “and won five major awards for its outstanding
        environmental management performance.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   13


                                                           Major Events of the Year (continued)




MAR


                                                       On 28 March, the Group’s 3rd Informatisation Conference
                                                       themed “Act with Good Faith and Deliver with Integrity”
                                                       was held in Zhuhai. Three major achievements, namely
                                                       14 AI employees, “Shanshan Assistant” and “Yaoyao
                                                       Factory”, were grandly released at the conference.




In March, Nanjing Changjiang Second Bridge Company
Limited (“Nanjing Second Bridge Company”), a
subsidiary of China State Construction International
Asset Management Limited (“CSCI Asset Management”)
under the Group, was awarded the Grand Prize of the
Top-Quality Project in the 3rd Highway Maintenance
Engineering Innovation Competition by the Highway
Maintenance and Management Branch of the Chinese
Highway Association.
14   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Major Events of the Year (continued)




      APR


        On 1 April, CSCIIL won the bid for the Smart Sensing
        Innovation Base Project in Jiaxing Economic and
        Technological Development Zone. As a major project
        under Zhejiang Province’s “1,000 Projects & Trillion
        Investment” initiative, the project will provide solid
        support for Jiaxing to build itself into a “strong city of
        intelligent manufacturing and innovation” and serve
        as a demonstration for the layout of the intelligent
        manufacturing industry in the Yangtze River Delta region.




                                                                     On 3 April, the Modular Integrated Construction (“MiC”)
                                                                     building of the Talent Apartment at Qingdao Optoelectronic
                                                                     Industrial Park, constructed by CSCIIL, was fully capped,
                                                                     setting a new record for high-rise construction using
                                                                     concrete “Smart Construction — MiC Technology” in
                                                                     northern China.




        On 28 April, CSC Development signed a strategic
        cooperation framework agreement with the People’s
        Government of Kunshan. Over the next five years, the
        two parties will promote the implementation of Building-
        Integrated Photovoltaic (“BIPV”) projects with a total
        scale of no less than RMB10 billion, build a demonstration
        city for green buildings, and drive the transformation of
        the construction industry toward green development.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   15


                                                                  Major Events of the Year (continued)




MAY


From 12 to 14 May, the Global Water Summit was held
in Paris, France. The Phase 1 Project of the Hong Kong
Tseung Kwan O Desalination Plant, delivered by CSHK in
the integrated Design-Build-Operate (DBO) model, won
the “Desalination Plant of the Year” at the Global Water
Awards 2025 for its outstanding performance in smart
operation, green development and low-carbon practices.




                                                              From 21 to 24 May, the 5th BEYOND International Science
                                                              and Technology Innovation Expo (“BEYOND Expo 2025”)
                                                              themed “Empower Asia, Connect the World” was held
                                                              in Macau. For the third consecutive year, the Group
                                                              made a remarkable appearance with innovative products,
                                                              showcasing its scientific and technological achievements,
                                                              project cases and market strengths, including “Smart
                                                              Construction – MiC Technology”, “Green Construction
                                                              – BIPV Technology” and the “C-SMART Engineering
                                                              Management Digital Platform”, upholding its mission
                                                              of serving the people and society through scientific and
                                                              technological innovation.




On 25 May, the Beijing Zhonghai Financial Center, where
the office building BIPV project was constructed by Far
East Green Energy Technology, a subsidiary of CSC
Development, was grandly opened. The project meets
three major international green building certification
standards, making it Beijing’s first zero-carbon commercial
office building and a demonstration project for integrated
“PEDF” (photovoltaic, energy storage, direct current and
flexibility) technologies.




                                                              On 28 May, the commencement ceremony for the “Aotun
                                                              No. 1” shield machine on the east side of Station ES6 for
                                                              the Macao Light Rail Transit East Line Southern Section
                                                              project, constructed by CCE Macau, was held. Lam Wai
                                                              Hou, Director of the Public Works Bureau of Macao, and
                                                              Sim Wing Chan, Deputy Director, attended the event.
16   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Major Events of the Year (continued)




      JUN


        On 28 June, the Group held the 3rd “CSCI Scholarship for
        Employees’ Children” Award Ceremony, with more than
        40 award-winning families participating both online and
        offline.




                                                                   On 30 June, Far East Facade (Singapore) Pte. Ltd., a
                                                                   subsidiary of CSC Development, won the facade contract
                                                                   for the “Hotel Indigo Changi Airport” at Changi Airport,
                                                                   Singapore. This marks the Company’s first overseas BIPV
                                                                   project, representing a substantial breakthrough in its
                                                                   global layout in green building technologies.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   17


                                                                  Major Events of the Year (continued)




JUL


On 2 July, the comprehensive renovation project of Beijing
No. 14 High School, constructed by CSCIIL, successfully
completed the hoisting of the first concrete modular
building unit. This signifies that Beijing’s first concrete
modular school has officially entered the crucial stage of
main module construction.




                                                              On 17 July, the Reconstruction Project of Building
                                                              No. 8 at Huapichang Hutong in Beijing, constructed by
                                                              CSCIIL, was successfully selected into the Good House
                                                              Construction Best Practices (First Batch) issued by the
                                                              Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development, as an
                                                              outstanding example of transforming old buildings into
                                                              quality housing.




On 22 July, the topping-out ceremony for Phase 1 of the
Olympic Avenue Light Public Housing, Kai Tak, designed
and built by CSHK – the largest project with the most
units under Hong Kong’s Light Public Housing scheme
– was held.
18   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Major Events of the Year (continued)




      AUG


        On 5 August, in recognition of its outstanding performance in environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) sustainable
        development, the Group was upgraded to a BBB ESG rating by MSCI Inc. (“MSCI”), a leading international rating
        agency, ranking first in China’s construction and engineering industry1.

        Note:   1 Based on the A-share industry classification for Construction (Code E) and the Hong Kong stock industry classification for Construction
                (Code 6020).




                                                                                  On 6 August, the Group held its 5th “Celebrating the
                                                                                  Birthday of Master Lu Ban, Promoting Happiness for
                                                                                  All” event in care of construction workers. Tang Ping-
                                                                                  keung, Secretary for Security of the Hong Kong SAR
                                                                                  Government, Xu Weigang, Director of the Economic
                                                                                  Affairs Department of the Liaison Office of the Central
                                                                                  People’s Government in the Hong Kong SAR, and Li Kiu-
                                                                                  yin, Director of Architectural Services of the Hong Kong
                                                                                  SAR Government, attended the event as officiating guests
                                                                                  to show care and support for construction workers.




        On 29 August, the Group held the CSC Community
        Emergency Volunteer Team Commendation Ceremony
        in Hong Kong to thank volunteer colleagues for their
        selfless dedication. Alice Mak, Secretary for Home and
        Youth Affairs of the Hong Kong SAR Government, Starry
        Lee, Member of the Standing Committee of the National
        People’s Congress and Member of the Legislative Council
        of Hong Kong, Ms. TO Kit Lai, Director of Home Affairs
        of the Hong Kong SAR Government, and Johnny Chan,
        Deputy Secretary for Development of the Hong Kong SAR
        Government attended the ceremony as officiating guests.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   19


                                                                Major Events of the Year (continued)




AUG


In August, the second “Build the Future • CSHK Hong
Kong Youth Development Scheme – Construction
Technology Exploration Tour” organised by CSHK came
to a successful conclusion. A total of 32 outstanding
students majoring in architecture-related fields from the
University of Hong Kong, Hong Kong University of Science
and Technology, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University
and City University of Hong Kong were selected to
participate in a four-day study tour in Shanghai.




                                                            In August, the 5G Factory of Far East Intelligent
                                                            Manufacturing (Zhuhai) Co., Ltd., (“Far East Intelligent
                                                            Manufacturing Zhuhai Base”, formerly known as Far East
                                                            Facade (Zhuhai) Ltd.), a subsidiary of CSC Development,
                                                            was selected into the 2025 5G Factory Directory by the
                                                            Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.
20   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Major Events of the Year (continued)




      SEP


        On 10 September, the Guangzhou Nansha Dachong
        Resettlement Housing Project, constructed by China State
        Construction International Investments (Guangdong)
        Limited, a subsidiary of CSCIIL, which is China’s first
        modular building project to receive a 6% floor area ratio
        incentive, completed the hoisting of the first modular unit,
        marking the project’s shift from main civil construction to
        modular construction stage.




                                                                       On 12 September, the Group was awarded dual certification
                                                                       of the ISO37301 international standard and the GB/T
                                                                       35770-2022 national standard, signifying the Company’s
                                                                       excellent performance in internal management and risk
                                                                       control, effective response to external supervision and
                                                                       judicial investigations, enhancement of business trust and
                                                                       improvement of market competitiveness.




        On 23 September, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-
        Rural Development of the People’s Republic of China
        released the Announcement on Approving the Ninth
        Batch of Construction Enterprise Qualifications for
        2025 on its official website. China State Construction
        International Engineering Co., Ltd. (“CSCIE”) was
        successfully upgraded to the Special Grade qualification
        for General Contracting of Construction Engineering,
        and simultaneously obtained Grade A qualifications for
        Architectural Industry (Construction Engineering) and
        Grade A professional qualifications for Architectural
        Industry (Civil Air Defense Engineering) in engineering
        design.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   21


                                                               Major Events of the Year (continued)




SEP


On 28 September, the BIPV project of Qianhai Snow
World, constructed by Far East Green Energy Technology,
a subsidiary of CSC Development, was completed,
accepted and connected to the grid for power generation.
The project was selected as a Shenzhen Green Building
Demonstration Project, supporting the achievement
of China’s “Dual Carbon” goals through technology,
promoting the green transformation of the construction
industry, and providing replicable low-carbon building
solutions for the world.




                                                           On 30 September, the Tianlin Road Urban Renewal Project
                                                           in Xuhui District, Shanghai, constructed by CSCIIL, was
                                                           fully topped out. The project is the first concrete modular
                                                           construction project in Shanghai and the largest urban
                                                           renewal project adopting modular construction methods
                                                           in China.
22   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Major Events of the Year (continued)




      OCT


        On 8 October, in the 2025 Global Awards of the Council on
        Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat (CTBUH), The Henderson,
        a commercial building at 2 Murray Road, Central, Hong
        Kong, in which Far East Facade (Hong Kong), a subsidiary
        of CSC Development, participated in construction, won
        several international awards, including the “Best Tall
        Building, by Region, Asia” and the “Facade Award”.




                                                                      On 20 October, the opening ceremony of the Headquarters
                                                                      Project of the International Court of Mediation, designed
                                                                      and built by CSHK, was solemnly held in Hong Kong. Nearly
                                                                      200 people, including representatives from more than 30
                                                                      contracting and signatory states to the International Court
                                                                      of Mediation Convention and people from various sectors
                                                                      of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, gathered
                                                                      at the scene to witness the revitalisation of this century-
                                                                      old heritage. Hua Chunying, Vice Minister of Foreign
                                                                      Affairs, attended the event and delivered a speech.




        On 24 October, the first unit panel installation was
        completed for the curtain wall project of Tower C of
        Shenzhen Bay Super Headquarters Base, constructed by
        Far East Lijin Facade (Shanghai) Limited (“Far East Facade
        (Shanghai)”), a subsidiary of CSC Development. Designed
        by Zaha Hadid Architects, the project is currently the
        tallest linked twin tower in China and one of Shenzhen’s
        first national pilot projects for intelligent construction.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   23


                                                               Major Events of the Year (continued)




NOV


On 2 November, Transcendence, a subsidiary of CSHK,
officially launched Version 3.0 of the Happy Worker APP.




                                                           On 20 November, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-
                                                           Rural Development issued the Announcement on
                                                           Approving the Eleventh Batch of Construction Enterprise
                                                           Qualifications for 2025. China Overseas Construction
                                                           Company Limited (“COCCL”) was successfully upgraded
                                                           to the Special Grade qualification for General Contracting
                                                           of Construction Engineering, and simultaneously
                                                           obtained Grade A qualifications for Architectural Industry
                                                           (Construction Engineering) and Grade A professional
                                                           qualifications for Architectural Industry (Civil Air Defense
                                                           Engineering) in engineering design.
24   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Major Events of the Year (continued)




      NOV


        On 25 November, the award ceremony of the 21st China
        Global Awards for Excellence in Public Relations was
        held in Beijing. CSHK won two gold awards and three
        silver awards for its outstanding communication works in
        sustainable development, corporate culture development
        and other fields, ranking first among all Hong Kong
        participating institutions in the total number of awards.




                                                                    On 25 November, the first oversized bow-shaped unit
                                                                    was installed for the facade project of Shenzhen Oppo
                                                                    Building, known as the “ceiling” of hyperbolic facade
                                                                    construction difficulty, undertaken by Far East Facade
                                                                    (Hong Kong) and Far East Facade (Shanghai), both
                                                                    subsidiaries of CSC Development.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   25


                                                                   Major Events of the Year (continued)




DEC


On 4 December, the 2025 “New Civil Engineer” (“NCE”)
ceremony was held in London, UK. The Relocation of
Shatin Sewage Treatment Works to Caverns project,
jointly constructed by CSHK and Alchmex International
Construction Limited (“Alchmex International”), won the
2025 NCE “Tunnelling Project of the Year”. Meanwhile,
the project team formed by CSHK together with the
Drainage Services Department of Hong Kong and AECOM,
a engineering consultancy firm, also won the 2025 NCE
“Tunnelling Project Team of the Year” for the first time.




                                                              On 8 December, the structural topping-out was fully
                                                              completed for the reconstruction project of Building 28,
                                                              Sanlihe District 1, Xicheng District, constructed by CSCIIL.
                                                              It took only about 46 days from the installation of the first
                                                              building modules to the topping-out of the six-storey
                                                              residential building, fulfilling the wish of 54 households to
                                                              live in quality houses at their original addresses.




On 10 December, the China Institute of Internal Audit
released the results of the 2025 internal audit theoretical
research. The Company’s paper “Exploration on the
Qualitative Application of Intelligent Auditing Based on
the ‘KMA’ Framework – Empowering Investment and
Construction Enterprises to Improve Audit Supervision
Quality and Efficiency with AI Employee Intelligence”
was selected as an excellent paper and will be compiled
into the “Collection of Excellent Papers on Internal Audit
Theoretical Research 2025 by China Institute of Internal
Audit”.
26   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Major Events of the Year (continued)




      DEC


        On 12 December, CSCI Investment (Zhuhai) Limited,
        a subsidiary of CCE Macau, held the commencement
        ceremony for the Hengqin Guangdong-Macao In-Depth
        Cooperation Zone Campus of the University of Macau.
        Sam Hou Fai, Chief Executive of the Macao SAR, and
        Huang Liuquan, Deputy Director of the Liaison Office of
        the Central People’s Government in the Macao Special
        Administrative Region, attended the ceremony.




                                                                      On 15 December, the 2025 Science and Technology
                                                                      Award list of the China Communications and
                                                                      Transportation Association was announced. The project
                                                                      “Key Technologies for Intelligent Sensing and Targeted
                                                                      Diagnosis and Treatment of Stay Cables on Long-
                                                                      Span Bridges”, participated by Nanjing Second Bridge
                                                                      Company under CSCI Asset Management, won the First
                                                                      Prize of the Science and Technology Award of the China
                                                                      Communications and Transportation Association.




        On 21 December, the Yau Ma Tei section of the Hong
        Kong Central Kowloon Bypass, constructed by CSHK, was
        officially opened to traffic, marking important progress in
        the construction of Central Kowloon Bypass, a strategic
        transportation infrastructure project in Hong Kong, which
        will effectively enhance east-west traffic connectivity in
        Kowloon.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   27


                                                                 Major Events of the Year (continued)




DEC


In December, CSCI Investment (Guizhou) Co., Ltd., a
subsidiary of CSCIIL, won the First Prize of the “Science
and Technology Progress Award” at the 6th Safety
Science and Technology Award of the China Association of
Work Safety for its achievement “Prediction, Prevention
and Control Technologies for High Stress Hazards in Hard
Rock Masses of Deep-Buried Projects and Applications”.




                                                            In December, the Ministry of Industry and Information
                                                            Technology officially released the list of the ninth batch of
                                                            national manufacturing single champion enterprises. Far
                                                            East Intelligent Manufacturing Zhuhai Base under CSC
                                                            Development was successfully selected with its core
                                                            product “Digitally Intelligent Manufactured Free-Form
                                                            Facade”.
28   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




           CHAIRMAN’S
                            STATEMENT
           In the year, the Group secured

           189NEW CONTRACTS
           with attributable contract
           value of approximately

           RMB        170,214 million.
                            Annual Report 2025   29




Mr. Zhang Haipeng
Chairman and Executive Director
30   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Chairman’s Statement (continued)




     REVIEW OF OPERATION                                              actively participated in the development of the Northern
     In 2025, economic trends in major countries and regions          Metropolis in Hong Kong. During the year, the Group also
     around the world remained divergent, and geopolitical            won the bids for the projects including the Hung Shui Kiu
     tensions continued to occur frequently. The US government’s      Effluent Polishing Plant Phase 1. The total contract value of
     large-scale “reciprocal tariff” policies have intensified the    the Group’s projects in the Northern Metropolis exceeded
     rise of trade protectionism, disrupted the stability of global   HK$100 billion, maintaining its leading position in the market.
     supply chains, hindered international economic circulation,      The favourable momentum of Macau’s tourism industry
     dampened global market expectations and investment               accelerated the launch of construction projects in hotel fitting-
     confidence, and heightened economic uncertainty and              out, renovation, expansion and other sectors. Benefiting from
     market volatility. Against this backdrop and facing complex      this trend, CCE Macau, a subsidiary of the Group, won the
     internal and external changes, China has unswervingly            bids for large-scale projects including the Galaxy Macau’s
     implemented the new development philosophy. The national         Phase 4 – Stage 2. During the year, newly signed contracts in
     economy pushed forward with innovation-led and high-quality      the Hong Kong and Macau market amounted to RMB56,763
     development despite mounting economic pressure. New              million.
     achievements had been made in high-quality development
     and economic growth steadily achieved the targets set            Chinese mainland Market
     at the beginning of the year. In Hong Kong, goods exports        The Group has always prioritised investment quality and
     recorded notable growth, financial markets remained vibrant,     proactively focused its business on high-potential regions.
     and consumption and investment picked up moderately. In          During the year, the Group successfully launched projects
     Macau, cross-border transport became more convenient,            in multiple provincial capital cities, improving quality while
     with various visitor promotion measures yielding satisfactory    maintaining stability of its investment business. Two
     results. The tourism sector maintained a recovery trend,         subsidiaries, namely COCCL and CSCIE, successfully obtained
     supporting steady economic growth.                               the Special Class Qualification for General Contracting of
                                                                      Construction Engineering Projects, further enhancing the
     Over the past year, the Group had adhered to its technology-     overall competitiveness. For the full year, newly signed
     empowered strategy of competitive differentiation. Its           contracts by the Group in Chinese mainland amounted to
     business structure was further optimised, key operating          RMB106,911 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
     indicators remained solid, and operating cash flow stayed        16.6%.
     positive for the fourth consecutive year, representing
     encouraging achievements.                                        MiC has gained greater recognition in first-tier cities, with
                                                                      a series of projects successfully secured during the year,
     As of 31 December 2025, the audited revenue of the Group         further raising market acceptance of the Group’s products.
     amounted to RMB100,449 million, with an operating profit         In Beijing, the Group won the bids for projects including the
     of RMB14,172 million. The profit attributable to the owners      Dinghuisi North Plot in Haidian District, Building 28, Sanlihe
     of the Company increased by 0.3% to RMB8,588 million,            Area 1, and the comprehensive renovation project of No. 14
     with basic earnings per share of RMB1.64 and net asset           Middle School. The Group acquired a site in Tongzhou District
     value per share of RMB15.22. The Board recommended the           at a preferential land price and commenced construction
     distribution of a final dividend of HK28.5 cents per share for   of a MiC factory. The factory will achieve an automation
     the year of 2025. The total dividend distributed throughout      rate of over 70% and 100% digital coverage, equipped
     the year amounted to HK62.5 cents, representing a year-on-       with core technologies and intelligent equipment for smart
     year increase of 1.6%.                                           construction, laying a solid foundation for the Group’s further
                                                                      expansion in the Beijing market. In Guangzhou, the Group
     Hong Kong and Macau Markets                                      won the bids for projects including the Cultural Tourism City
     The Group is rooted in Hong Kong and Macau and deeply            south resettlement housing project in Huadu District and the
     engaged in major livelihood projects and the development         Dachong resettlement housing project in Nansha District.
     of key regions. During the year, the Group won the bids for      Among them, the Nansha project complies with Guangzhou’s
     two public housing projects on Kam Sheung Road in Yuen           incentive policies for modular construction projects, granting
     Long, New Territories. By adopting construction technologies     an additional 6% incentive floor area in plot ratio calculation,
     such as MiC and Modular Integrated Mechanical, Electrical        making it the first project to receive such incentives.
     and Plumbing, the Group provided faster and better services
     to Hong Kong citizens. Leveraging its strong technical
     capabilities in civil engineering, the Group secured all four
     awarded contracts for the Sha Tin Cavern projects. The Group
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025      31


                                                                           Chairman’s Statement (continued)




Facade Market                                                      Sustainable Development Management
CSC Development, a subsidiary of the Group, adheres to the         The Group continued to improve its environmental, social and
business strategy of “deepening its presence in Hong Kong          governance (“ESG”) management system during the year,
and Macau, consolidating its position in Chinese mainland,         and revised and issued environmental and social policies
and focusing on key overseas markets”, leveraging its              including the Anti-Corruption Policy. During the year, the
highend brand advantages. In the Hong Kong and Macau               Group commenced research for the revision of its Sustainable
markets, CSC Development proactively responded to                  Development Roadmap, with a view to further enhancing its
downward market pressure and focused on deepening                  ESG management standards during the 15th Five-Year Plan
strategic cooperation with key clients. During the year, CSC       period. The Group actively fulfils its social responsibilities.
Development won the bids for several large-scale facade            In the event of disasters such as typhoons, the Group
projects including the residential development at the Tung         activated its emergency response mechanism at the first
Chung Traction Substation site by Chinachem Group. Phase           time, deployed personnel and resources to provide support,
1 of Galaxy Macau Phase IV, which represents the world’s           and safeguarded people’s livelihood with rapid responses
largest single building facade contract, was successfully          and practical actions. The Group’s ESG performance has
completed, further demonstrating the Group’s high-quality          been highly recognised by major international and domestic
project delivery capability. In Chinese mainland market, CSC       institutions: MSCI ESG rating upgraded from B to BBB,
Development secured orders from customers including                ranking first within China’s construction industry; selected as
Huawei, Swire and Hermes in high-tier cities such as Beijing,      a constituent of the FTSE4Good Index for nine consecutive
Shanghai and Guangzhou. In Singapore, notable progress             years; included in the S&P Global Sustainability Yearbook
was achieved with winning the bids for projects including          (China Edition) for three consecutive years; Hang Seng
the hotel project in Terminal 2, Changi Airport, being the first   Corporate Sustainability Rating upgraded from A to A+, and
hotel in Singapore with zero energy consumption, marking           remained the only construction enterprise in the Hang Seng
CSC Development first overseas launch of BIPV. CSC                 Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index; Wind ESG rating
Development attaches great importance to technological             at AA, China Chengxin Green Finance ESG rating upgraded to
research and development, and continuously strengthens its         AA+, and Huazheng ESG rating upgraded to AA, ranking first
competitive advantages in the BIPV sector. During the year,        in the industry in all the above three ratings.
CSC Development successfully developed key technologies
including ultra-thin surface layers and launched the Light         Risk Management
A 2.0 product. Its self-built BIPV mass production line was        On the basis of continuously implementing the existing
officially put into operation. Qianhai Snow World in Shenzhen,     risk management systems and working mechanisms, the
currently the largest single-unit BIPV project in China, was       Group has further advanced the development of the risk
successfully completed during the year and was recognised          management system to the in-depth level of its operating
as a Shenzhen Green Building Demonstration Project.                platforms, formulated risk management systems for operating
                                                                   platforms, and carried out risk identification and investigation.
Introduction of Strategic Shareholder                              During the year, the Group launched various training activities
On 14 March 2025, Orient International became a strategic          aimed at strengthening risk awareness and improving risk
shareholder of the Group by subscribing for shares of the          management capabilities, so as to build a solid safety barrier
Group. This strategic investment has expanded the Group’s          for high-quality development.
capital base, optimised its capital structure, strengthened
its financial position, supported technological innovation to      Financial Management
enhance its differentiated competitive advantages, and further     In 2025, the Group maintained a sound core credit rating
elevated the Group’s business development momentum and             among peers (Moody’s Baa2, Fitch BBB+, S&P BBB, China
value creation capacity.                                           Chengxin International AAA), laying a solid foundation for
                                                                   bond issuance. Seizing the opportunity of relatively low
Following completion of the share subscription, Orient             interest rates in Chinese mainland, the Group stepped
International nominated and appointed Mr. Ye Nan, its Chief        up the issuance of RMB-denominated bonds, driving a
Financial Officer, as a Non-executive Director of the Company,     continuous decline in its comprehensive financing costs,
further entrenching its status as a strategic shareholder. The     which decreased by 0.6 percentage points compared with
structure of the Board has been further optimised and its          2024. Through the phased issuance of diversified bonds, the
governance system continuously enhanced.                           Group further optimized its debt maturity structure, raised
                                                                   the proportion of direct financing and reduced financing costs
                                                                   to a greater extent, providing strong financial support for
                                                                   production and operation as well as project construction. In
32   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Chairman’s Statement (continued)




     terms of exchange rate risks, the Group mitigated the impact      As a leading enterprise in MiC under the Group’s subsidiary
     of exchange rate fluctuations on its financial data through       structure, CSC Hailong has successfully implemented key
     the natural matching of currencies for assets and liabilities,    national R&D projects and won the bid for the “Ranking
     as well as revenues and expenditures. The Group persisted         and Leading” scientific research project under the Beijing
     in implementing cash flow-focused budget management and           Municipal Science and Technology Program, and together
     investment control, achieving positive net operating cash flow    with the Group, coorganised the Technical Exchange
     for the fourth consecutive year, and the cash collection ratio    Conference on Modular Integrated Construction with China
     of revenue from Chinese mainland investment businesses            Civil Engineering Society during the year. Under the guidance
     exceeded 100% for the first time.                                 of the Department of Housing and Urban-Rural Development
                                                                       of Guangdong Province and the Hong Kong Development
     The Group’s financial position remained sound, with ample         Bureau, the Group, as a leader in the MiC industry, jointly
     cash on hand and available financial resources. As at 31          initiated the establishment of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-
     December 2025, cash on hand amounted to RMB30,329                 Macao Modular Integrated Construction Industry Alliance
     million, accounting for 10.8% of total assets; the net gearing    with enterprises, public institutions, universities, research
     ratio was controlled at 68.5%, representing a year-on-year        institutes and industry associations. The Alliance will integrate
     decrease of 5.1 percentage points; and the unutilised banking     resources from upstream and downstream enterprises across
     credit facilities totalled RMB168,416 million, up 33.6% from      the industrial chain, promote collaboration among industries
     the same period of the previous year.                             in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao region to build a
                                                                       mechanism for exchange, cooperation and complementary
     Human Resources                                                   strengths, and further advance industrial development. CCE
     The Group remains committed to a dual strategy of internal        Macau took the lead in securing a joint research funding
     cultivation and external recruitment, actively strengthening      project for 2025 supported by the Macao Science and
     exchange and collaboration with academia and industry             Technology Development Fund and the National Natural
     peers to consistently bolster our human resource reserves.        Science Foundation of China. The Group’s technological
     We maintain long-term engagement with numerous                    products were showcased at high-profile exhibitions
     academicians and industry experts, gathering invaluable           including the Better House Technology Exhibition, the 22nd
     insights and recommendations to guide our development             China International Housing Industry Expo, and the China-
     strategies and address key operational bottlenecks. During        ASEAN Building Technology Exhibition, earning wide acclaim
     the year, the Group collaborated with Academician Yue             and further enhancing the Group’s profile. During the year,
     Qingrui to establish the “Intelligent Construction Equipment      the Group received numerous major science and technology
     and Technology Research Center.” This partnership is              awards, including the NCE Annual Tunnel Engineering Award,
     set to deepen our cooperation in fields such as intelligent       the First Prize of Science and Technology Achievement
     construction, green building, and MiC. The Group provides         Transformation Award of Heilongjiang Province, the Second
     extensive training resources for our employees. This year,        Prize of Science and Technology Progress Award of Guizhou
     we continued to organise specialised programs, including the      Province, the First Prize of Science and Technology Progress
     “New Growth Curve” curriculum, Project Manager Incubation         from the China Highway and Transportation Society, and the
     Camp under the “Talent Development Program (築將計劃)”,               Science and Technology Award of the China Construction
     MiC Project Management Practical Training, and the “Safety        Metal Structure Association, demonstrating the Group’s
     Management Enhancement Camp”, to consistently refine the          strong capabilities in scientific and technological innovation.
     cultivation mechanisms for the National Excellent Engineer
     School-Enterprise Cooperative Training Program.


     Technological Innovation
     The Group remains committed to technology-empowered
     development, continuously strengthening our R&D and
     innovation capabilities while intensifying market promotion to
     drive the optimisation of our business structure. During the
     year, newly signed technology-driven contracts amounted
     to RMB85,389 million, representing a year-on-year increase
     of 6.2%. The Group invested RMB818 million in R&D, with
     the proportion of R&D investment to revenue reaching 0.8%,
     successfully achieved the goals set in the 14th Five-Year Plan.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025    33


                                                                         Chairman’s Statement (continued)




BUSINESS OUTLOOK                                                 ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
In 2025, the Group proactively addressed various risks and       With this opportunity, I would like to express my sincere
challenges, and ultimately achieved commendable results          gratitude to the Board for its brilliant leadership, to our
in project construction, market development, scientific and      partners and investors for their strong support, to other
technological research and development, and other areas.         members of society for their generous assistance, and to all
Looking ahead to 2026, the acceleration of multi-polarisation    our staff for their hard work.
in the international political landscape may lead to further
divergence in national economic conditions, while China’s        By Order of the Board
economic development potential remains substantial. Amid
the rapidly changing environment, the Group will identify,
adapt to and pursue changes, and fully endeavor to ensure
steady, sustained and healthy development of its operations.
In the Hong Kong and Macau markets, the Northern
Metropolis development in Hong Kong and the Four Major           China State Construction International Holdings Limited
Projects in Macau – namely the Macao-Hengqin International       Zhang Haipeng
Education City (University Campus), the Macao International      Chairman and Executive Director
Integrated Tourism and Cultural Zone, the Macao International
Air Transport Hub on the West Bank of the Pearl River, and       Hong Kong, 26 March 2026
the Macao Science and Technology R&D Industrial Park – are
progressing in an orderly manner. The Group will continue
to build on its existing strengths and consolidate its leading
position in the industry. In the Chinese mainland market, the
Group will focus on deepening its presence in high-potential
regions, while seizing the structural opportunities brought
about by the transformation and upgrading of the construction
industry, including smart construction and green low-carbon
development. The Group will continue to strengthen basic
management and consolidate the foundation for sound
operations, and deepen reform and innovation to continuously
improve the quality and efficiency of development, to advance
steadily toward high-quality development.
Management
 Discussion & Analysis
      Profit attributable to owners of the
      Company was

      RMB      8,588                 million, represents a

      year-on-year increase of
      Operating cash flow has been
                                                       0.3%                .

      positive for four consecutive years,
      recorded a net inflow of RMB1,053
      million for the year.




OVERALL PERFORMANCE

The Group’s turnover continues to maintain a scale of over RMB100 billion, recorded
RMB100,449 million for the year.

Basic earnings per share was RMB1.64, a year-on-year decrease of 3.5%. With a
proposed final dividend per share of HK28.5 cents, an interim dividend per share
of HK34 cents paid in the year, the total dividends for the year amount to HK62.5
cents per share, representing an increase of 1.6% as compared to last year.

During the year, Hong Kong, Macau and Chinese mainland remained the core
markets and the major contributors of the Group, accounted for 39.6%, 3.4% and
53.4% of the Group’s revenue, respectively. In Hong Kong and Macau, the Group
focused on the construction business in both private and public sectors, and further
consolidated its leading position in the field by our continued strong performance.
In Chinese mainland, the Group mainly focused on construction related investment
projects, its huge scale is underpinned by its strong business execution and
customer’s satisfaction. China State Construction Development Holdings Limited
and its subsidiaries (together, the “CSC Development Group”) mainly focused
on facade contracting business. This listed subsidiary is currently managed by a
separate management team and thus is considered as a distinct business unit of
the Group.
36   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Management Discussion & Analysis (continued)




     An analysis of major income statement items for the year is set out in the following paragraphs:


     Hong Kong and Macau
     Construction and Related Business
     The Group has been actively participating in the construction of public houses in Hong Kong by virtue of Modular Integrated
     Construction (MiC) technology. Besides, the Group continues to maintain its leading position in Northern Metropolis and
     has won a number of projects. Hong Kong’s revenue increased 5.7% to RMB39,754 million. Segment result amounted to
     RMB1,242 million, grew by 11.6%.

     In the absence of large-scale hospital and comprehensive entertainment projects, Macau’s revenue dropped 57.8% to
     RMB3,388 million. However, thanks to the continued operation income of the Macau No.8 project, a construction and operation
     retail project, overall segment result declined less, down 25.8% to RMB748 million.


     Chinese mainland
     The Group has always prioritised investment quality and proactively focused its business on high-potential regions. During the
     year, the Group successfully launched projects in multiple provincial capital cities, improving quality while maintaining stability
     of its investment business. MiC has gained greater recognition in first-tier cities, with a series of projects successfully secured
     during the year. Although revenue from Chinese mainland declined slightly by 3.0% to RMB53,599 million, segment result
     increased 1.4% to RMB11,888 million.


     (1)    Construction Related Investment Projects
            Our Construction Related Investments Projects span over different kinds of business, including investment and
            construction of toll road, toll bridge and a variety of housing project, such as resettlement housing, hospital and school.
            The Group continued to optimise the project mix on hand, increased participation in government targeted repurchase
            projects and other shorter cash payback cycle project in order to accelerate capital turnover. During the year, Chinese
            mainland increased efforts on cash collection and received buy-back payment of RMB50,001 million from Construction
            Related Investment Project, including the attributable share of such payment received by our joint venture investments,
            up by 2.1%.

            Construction Related Investment Projects remained the core business and the major contributor of Chinese mainland.
            Revenue dropped by 4.7% to RMB50,962 million, segment result increased 6.5% to RMB11,602 million.


     (2)    Operation Infrastructure Projects
            Operation Infrastructure Projects represents toll road operation. The revenue from Operating Infrastructure Projects
            excluding contribution from joint venture was RMB173 million, increased 42.8%.


     (3)    Other Business
            Other Business mainly represents contribution from industrial plant reconstruction, prefabricated construction
            industrialisation factories and other business such as project management services. The revenue from this sector was
            RMB2,464 million, increased 45.8%.


     China State Construction Development Holdings Limited
     CSC Development Group focused on the facade contracting business, general contracting business and operating management
     business. CSC Development Group further solidified its leading position in the market of Hong Kong and Macau and continues
     to expand its market in Chinese mainland and Singapore. Due to the decrease of revenue from facade contracting business,
     CSC Development Group’s revenue and segment result dropped 15.9% and 59.0% to RMB3,707 million and RMB295 million,
     respectively.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025     37


                                                     Management Discussion & Analysis (continued)




Investment Income, Other Income and Other Gains/(losses), net
Investment Income, Other Income and Other Gains, net increased 17.5% to RMB249 million, the increase was mainly due to
the increase in gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment recognised during the year.


Share of Profits of Associates
The Group continued to drive the contracting business by its investment in associates. The share of profits of associates
dropped 95.1% to RMB12 million. The reason for the decrease is cyclical, with several residential projects recognised loss
during the year.


Share of Profits of Joint Ventures
The Group mainly operated infrastructure investment projects in form of joint ventures. With several toll roads officially opened
to traffic, the share of profits of joint ventures up by about 45.1% to RMB846 million as compared to last year.


Finance Costs
During the year, the finance costs charged to profit for the year decreased by 16.2% to RMB2,470 million.


Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share decreased by 3.5% to RMB1.64 for the year ended 31 December 2025. The calculation of the basic
earnings per share is based on the profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company of RMB8,588 million and the
weighted average number of 5,233,966,805 ordinary shares in issue during the year.


CORPORATE FINANCE

Financial Position of the Group
(a)    Shareholder’s Equity
       During the year, the Group issued 244,600,000 ordinary shares, raised approximately RMB2,798 million, net of expenses.

       The Group dedicated to maintain a sound financial position with a strong capital base to support its stable expansion.
       Shareholders’ equity reached RMB80,377 million as at 31 December 2025. The increase was mainly attributable to the
       profit for the year of RMB9,005 million, issue of ordinary shares of RMB2,798 million, partly offset by the distribution
       of RMB3,101 million during the year.


(b)    Bank Balances and Cash
       At 31 December 2025, the Group had bank balances and cash of RMB30,329 million, representing 10.8% of the total
       assets. The portfolio of the currencies of bank deposits is listed as follow:

                                                                                                  2025                    2024
                                                                                                    %                       %
         Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”)                                                                  13                       15
         RMB                                                                                        78                       80
         Macao Patacas                                                                               5                        3
         United State Dollars (“USD”)                                                                3                        1
         Others                                                                                      1                        1


       The bank deposits outside Hong Kong are mainly for subsidiaries in various regions. During the year, the Group has no
       financial instrument for currency hedging purpose.
38   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Management Discussion & Analysis (continued)




     (c)    Borrowings
            The Group’s financing and treasury activities are centrally managed and controlled at the corporate level. We have good
            access to bank loans and the capital market, and are committed to stable and low-cost financing, and increasing the
            flexible use of funds between Chinese mainland and Hong Kong in order to enhance the effectiveness of capital usage.

            During the year, the Group issued RMB11,500 million corporate bonds in Chinese mainland, included RMB7,500 million
            super short-term bonds issued and repaid during the year.

            At 31 December 2025, the total borrowings of the Group (including the unsecured guaranteed notes denominated in
            USD and the corporate bonds denominated in RMB issued by the Group) were RMB85,402 million, of which, 15.3%,
            2.1% and 82.6% of the total borrowings were denominated in HKD, USD and RMB respectively. In view of exchange
            rate fluctuation in recent years, the Group intended to increase the proportion of RMB finance in order to naturally
            hedge with the exposure from the receipts of Chinese mainland business.

            Bank borrowings bore interest at both fixed and floating rates with reference to either Hong Kong Inter-bank Offered
            Rate (“HIBOR”) or People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) Loan Prime Rate (the overall condition was favorable) while the
            notes and bonds bore fixed interest rate. During the year, the Group increased the proportion of fixed rate borrowing in
            Chinese mainland given the low interest rate market environment in Chinese mainland to lower the cost of financing.

            The following table sets out the maturities of the Group’s total borrowings as at 31 December 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                                    2025                      2024
                                                                                              RMB’ million              RMB’ million
             Bank borrowings
             On demand or within one year                                                            15,096                   13,296
             More than one year but not exceeding two years                                          19,483                   21,092
             More than two years but not more than five years                                        33,571                   25,334
             More than five years                                                                     4,008                    8,354
             Total bank borrowings                                                                   72,158                   68,076
             Unsecured guaranteed notes payable                                                       1,752                    1,809
             Corporate bonds                                                                         11,492                   10,994
             Total borrowings                                                                        85,402                   80,879


            At 31 December 2025, the Group had net borrowings of RMB55,073 million and the Group’s net gearing ratio was
            68.5%. This ratio is calculated as net borrowings divided by total equity. Net borrowings is calculated as total borrowings
            (including current and non-current borrowings as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position) less cash
            and cash equivalents. At 31 December 2025, committed but unutilised credit facilities and other banking facilities like
            construction performance bond facilities amounted to RMB168,416 million.


     (d)    Cash Flows Analysis
            During the year, the Group’s operating cashflow has remained positive, generated RMB1,053 million net cash inflow.
            The net cash outflow from investing activities was RMB813 million. The net cash inflow from financing activities was
            RMB1,500 million.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     39


                                                  Management Discussion & Analysis (continued)




Management Policies for Financial Risk
1.   Interest Rate Risk
     The Group’s fair value and cash flow interest rate risk mainly related to fixed rate and variable rate borrowings,
     respectively. In order to exercise prudent management against interest rate risk, the Group has established policies and
     procedures to assess, book and monitor all such financial risks. The Group will continue to review the market trend as
     well as its business operation’s needs, so as to arrange the most effective interest risk management tools.


2.   Credit Risk
     The Group’s principal financial assets are bank balances and cash, trade and other receivables. The Group’s trade
     and other receivables presented in the consolidated statement of financial position are net of allowances for doubtful
     receivables. An allowance for impairment is made according to the Group’s accounting policy or where there is an
     identified loss event which, based on previous experience, is evidence of a reduction in the recoverability of cash flows.
     Credit extended to business associates is based on the reputation and financial position of the customers. In connection
     with projects in progress (whether in Hong Kong, Macau, Chinese mainland or overseas), the major customers are the
     local governments, government-related entities and certain institutional organisations and certain reputable property
     developers. Therefore, the Group is not exposed to any significant credit risk.

     With respect to the credit risk of the Group’s treasury operations, the Group’s bank balances and cash must be placed
     and entered into financial institutions of good reputation so as to minimise the Group’s credit risk exposure.


3.   Foreign Exchange Risk
     The Group undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies, primarily with respect to the HK$ and
     USD, hence exposures to foreign exchange risk. The Group manages this risk by closely reviewing the fluctuation of
     the exchange rate and adjusting the financing structure if needed. In recent years, the Group intended to increase
     the proportion of RMB finance in order to naturally hedge with the exposure from the receipts of Chinese mainland
     business.
40   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Business
                        Review
                                      Annual Report 2025   41




At the end of 2025, the Group has

391     projects in progress with

an aggregated attributable contract

value of RMB   556,416      million
42   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Business Review (continued)




     MAJOR COMPLETED PROJECTS IN THE YEAR OF 2025

                                                                                                   Government/     Private
      No. Project Name                                                                             Public Sector   Sector

            Building Construction
      1     Design and Construction of Chinese Medicine Hospital and Government Chinese
            Medecines Testing Institue
      2     Construction of the Islands Healthcare Complex – Main Buildings
      3     Studio City Macau Phase 2
      4     Commercial and Residential Accommodation, Package Three, Wong Chuk Hang Station
      5     Construction of Hopewell Centre II Development
      6     Bath 1A Development of Hong Kong-Shenzhen Innovation and Technology Park
      7     Macau Theme Park Resort Hotel Complex Development Project
      8     Commercial and Residential Accommodation, Package Four, Wong Chuk Hang Station
            Civil Engineering Works
      1     Hong Kong International Airport Three Runway System Project North Runway
            Modification Works
      2     Central Kowloon Route – Kai Tak East
            Construction Related Investment
      1     Shanty Town Redevelopment Project in Longdejing and Goutou Sub-areas, Putian,
            Fujian Province
      2     Government Targeted Repurchase Project, Longgui Ceramic City, Baiyun District,
            Guangzhou, Guangdong Province
      3     Vocational Education Site and Industrial Supporting Project, Sutang, Xiuyu District,
            Putian, Fujian Province
      4     Urban-Rural Integration Development Project (Phase I), Feixi County, Hefei, Anhui
            Province
      5     Government Targeted Repurchase Project at the East of Baiwan Road, Xinzhuang Town,
            Jinnan District, Tianjin
      6     Siyi Real Estate Hushan Family Project, Tianjia’an District, Huainan, Anhui Province
      7     Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot of the East side of Taixiang Road and
            the North side of Yanding Road), Hailing District, Taizhou, Jiangsu Province
      8     Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot 04-B-28), Innovaland, Lucheng District,
            Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
      9     Housing Construction Project (Plot 059-02), Units N080601 & N080602, Guangzhong
            Community, Hongkou District, Shanghai
      10    Housing Construction and Infrastructure Project, Qingtong Yuan, High-tech Zone,
            Huainan, Anhui Province
      11    Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot 2022P18), Longwen District, Zhangzhou,
            Fujian Province
      12    Government Targeted Repurchase Project, Binhu Community, East Lake High-tech
            Zone, Wuhan, Hubei Province
      13    Government Target Repurchase Project (Plot 05-B-35a), Innovaland, Lucheng District,
            Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
      14    Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot B-01a), Putao Peng Unit, Core Sub-area
            of Lucheng District, Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
      15    Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot 3), Fengdong New Town, Xixian New
            District, Xi’an, Shaanxi Province
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   43


                                                                                  Business Review (continued)




                                                                                              Government/         Private
No. Project Name                                                                              Public Sector       Sector

16    Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Shengshi Renjia), Suyu District, Suqian,
      Jiangsu Province
17    Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot of the East side of Taixiang Road and
      the North side of Yanding Road), Hailing District, Taizhou, Jiangsu Province
18    Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot 03-B-10a) Island, Lucheng District,
      Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
19    Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Phase IV), Cultural and Educational Park,
      Energy and Finance Trade Zone, Xixian New Area, Xi’an, Shaanxi Province


        By Project Categories                          By Customers                              By Markets

                  3.5%                                                                            2.3%
                                              31.8%
35.5%                                                                                                             27.5%




                                                                                                                   12.2%
                                 52.8%                                              58.0%
     8.2%                                                              68.2%
 Building Construction   Civil Engineering   Government/Public   Private Sector      Hong Kong            Macau
                         Works               Sector
 Infrastructure          Others                                                      Chinese mainland     China State
 Investment                                                                                               Construction
                                                                                                          Development
                                                                                                          Holdings Limited
44   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Business Review (continued)




     NEW PROJECTS AWARDED IN THE YEAR OF 2025
     Summary for the year



                                                                          Attributable contract value for
      189                                                                 new projects awarded was
      new projects awarded
                                                                          RMB         170,214                  million


              By Project Categories                            By Customers                            By Markets

                    3.8%                                       3.8% 0.4%                               3.8%
       11.7%                                                                                 6.9%
                                      25.9%        18.4%                                                            26.5%



                                         6.7%

       51.9%                                                                     77.4%                              62.8%
       Building Construction   Civil Engineering   Government/Public      Private Sector   Hong Kong          Chinese mainland
                               Works               Sector
       Construction            Others              China State Construction Development    Macau              China State
       Related Investment                          Holdings Limited                                           Construction
       China State Construction Development        Institutional Bodies                                       Development
       Holdings Limited                                                                                       Holdings Limited
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025       45


                                                                           Business Review (continued)



                                                                            Lo Wu

      Major Projects in Progress —                      Lok Ma Chau

      Hong Kong & Macau
                                                                                       Sheung Shui




                                                                       5




                                                                            Tai Po Market




                                                          New Territories
                                            6
                                      Yuen Long                                                                        Ma On
                 1    8                                                                                                Shan
                                      Kam Sheung Road                                   2                3
                                        6    8    9                                Shatin


                          Tuen Mun
                                     Tsuen Wan
                                                                                                                           7
                                                                            Kowloon
                                                                            Tong    10

                                       Tsing Yi             Mei Foo               12
                                                                                                         4
      H.K.
      International Airport                                                                                            7
                               2                                                            1    5       Tseung
                                                                                                         Kwan O
                                                                                            Kai Tak

                                                                                   Hung Hom
                                                      Central 4

    Tung Chung
                                                                                       Tai Koo

Lautau Island                                                                                                     13
                                                                      Hong Kong Island
                                                                                              Chai Wan       11
                                                                              3
46   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Business Review (continued)




     MAJOR PROJECTS IN PROGRESS – HONG KONG

           No.       Project Name
                     Building Construction
            1        New Acute Hospital at Kai Tak Development Area (Site A)
            2        Main Works for In-Patient Extension Block for Redevelopment of Prince of Wales Hospital. Phase 2 (Stage 1)
                     Main Works Package 2 – Superstructure and Associated Works for Redevelopment of Grantham Hospital
            3
                     (Phase 1)
            4        Main Contract (Site 3A) for Proposed Redevelopment at IL9088, New Central Harbourfront Site 3 Hong Kong
            5        New Acute Hospital at Kai Tak Development Area (Site B)
            6        West Rail Kam Sheung Road Station Package 1 Property Development
            7        Residential Development, Lohas Park, Phase 13
            8        Construction of Public Housing Development at Kam Sheung Road Site 1 Phase 1 and 2, Yuen Long
                     Design and Construction of Public Housing Development at Kam Sheung Road Site 4a Phase 1 and 2, Yuen
            9
                     Long
           10        Main Contract for Redevelopment of Our Lady of Maryknoll Hospital
           11        Residential Development at 391 Chai Wan Road an Adjoining Government Land Chai Wan Inland Lot No.178
           12        Public Housing Redevelopment at Mei Tung Estate (Older Part)
                     Construction of Water Supplies Department Headquarters and Correctional Services Department
           13
                     Headquarters Building in Chai Wan




      3                                                                       8
          Main Works Package 2 – Superstructure and Associated Works for           Construction of Public Housing Development at Kam Sheung Road
          Redevelopment of Grantham Hospital (Phase 1)                             Site 1 Phase 1 and 2, Yuen Long




     10                                                                       12
          Main Contract for Redevelopment of Our Lady of Maryknoll Hospital        Public Housing Redevelopment at Mei Tung Estate (Older Part)
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   47


                                                                                       Business Review (continued)




MAJOR PROJECTS IN PROGRESS – HONG KONG (continued)

     No.        Project Name
                Civil Engineering Works
      1         West New Territories Landfill Extension
      2         Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development MTR Contract 1701 – Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works
      3         Relocation of Sha Tin Sewage Treatment Works to Caverns – Main Caverns Construction
      4         Joint Cavern Development at Anderson Road Quarry Site
                Kwu Tung North New Development Area, Remaining Phase: Improvement Works of Fanling Highway (Kwu
      5
                Tung Portion) and Associated Works
      6         Yuen Long Barrage and Nellah Improvement Schemes
      7         Dualling of Hiram’s Highway from Marina Cove to Sai Kung Town
      8         Hung Shui Kiu Effluent Polishing Plant – Phase 1




1                                                                    2
    West New Territories Landfill Extension                              Siu Ho Wan Depot Property Development MTR Contract 1701 –
                                                                         Oyster Bay Station and Associated Works




3                                                                    8
    Relocation of Sha Tin Sewage Treatment Works to Caverns – Main       Hung Shui Kiu Effluent Polishing Plant – Phase 1
    Caverns Construction
48   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Business Review (continued)




                                                 MAJOR PROJECTS IN PROGRESS – MACAU

                                                       No.     Project Name

                                                        1      Superstructure Project of Galaxy Phase 4

                                                        2      GEG’s Cotai Phase 4 Project – Stage 2

                                                               Macau Areia Preta Lot P – Construction for Lots A Home Swap
                                                        3
                                                               Housing

                                                               Design and Construction Project of the South Segment of the
                                                        4
                                                               Macau Light Rapid Transit East Line

                                                               Public Housing Design and Construction Project (Lot A4), Zone A
                                                        5
                                                               New Town

                                                               Public Housing Design and Construction Project (Lot B8), Zone A
                                                        6
                                                               New Town

                           3                                   Construction of the Islands Healthcare Complex –
                                                        7
                                                               Rehabilitation Hospital
                                    8–9                        Public Housing Design and Construction Project (Lot A2), Zone A
                                                        8
                                    5–6                        New Town

                                                               Public Housing Design and Construction Project (Lot A12), Zone A
                                                        9
                                                               New Town

                                     4




                                                                     3
                                                                         Macau Areia Preta Lot P – Construction for Lots A Home Swap
                     1–2                                                 Housing




                                          7




                                                                     7
                                                                         Construction     of       the   Islands   Healthcare   Complex   –
                                                                         Rehabilitation Hospital
                                                                           Annual Report 2025           49


                                                    Business Review (continued)




Major Projects in Progress —
Chinese mainland




                                                             2–3
                                                                                   38–41

                                                                               3
                                                                   20–21                   22–28
                                                                                             1
                                                                                   29–36
                                                5                                                      37
                                                                  19                 2

                                                     18                                          1–9


                                                             48
                                                                                           10–17


                                                                       42–47


                                                               6           1
                                                                   4




    Construction Related Investment Project

    Construction Products Plant

    Major Project in Operation and Management
50   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Business Review (continued)




     MAJOR PROJECTS IN PROGRESS – CHINESE MAINLAND

           No.         Project Name
                       Construction Related Investment
                       Housing Construction and Infrastructure Project, Fenghuangwan Block, South Taihu New Area, Huzhou,
            1
                       Zhejiang Province
            2          Urban Renewal and Supporting Facilities Project, Wucheng District, Jinhua, Zhejiang Province
                       Housing Construction Project, Intelligent Sensor Innovation Base, Jiaxing Economic and Technological
            3
                       Development Zone, Zhejiang Province
            4          Housing Construction Project (Plot B-01b), Putao Peng Unit, Lucheng District, Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
                       Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot B-04), Wuqiao Unit, Core Sub-area of Lucheng District,
            5
                       Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
            6          Public Construction and Municipal Project, Zhenxing Street, Zhi Li, Wuxing District, Huzhou, Zhejiang Province
            7          Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot 05-13), Anyang Unit, Ruian, Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
                       Government Targeted Repurchase Project at the South of Donghai Avenue and the East of 5 Guihua Road,
            8
                       Jiaojiang District, Taizhou, Zhejiang Province
                       Housing Construction and Infrastructure Project, Yongningjiang Science and Technology New Town, Huangyan
            9
                       District, Taizhou, Zhejiang Province
                       Shanty Town Redevelopment and Infrastructure Public – Private Partnership Project, Quanzhou, Fujian
            10
                       Province
            11         Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot 2025-42), Gulou District, Fuzhou, Fujian Province




      3                                                                               5
          Housing Construction Project, Intelligent Sensor Innovation Base, Jiaxing        Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot B-04), Wuqiao Unit,
          Economic and Technological Development Zone, Zhejiang Province                   Core Sub-area of Lucheng District, Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province




     10                                                                               11
          Shanty Town Redevelopment and Infrastructure Public – Private                    Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot 2025-42), Gulou
          Partnership Project, Quanzhou, Fujian Province                                   District, Fuzhou, Fujian Province
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   51


                                                                           Business Review (continued)




MAJOR PROJECTS IN PROGRESS – CHINESE MAINLAND (continued)

   No.   Project Name
         Shanty Town Redevelopment and Housing Construction Project, Shouxi Area, Licheng District, Putian, Fujian
   12
         Province
   13    Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot 2024-38), Yinxi Street, Fuqing, Fuzhou, Fujian Province
         Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot B), Huannan New Village, Jin’an District, Fuzhou, Fujian
   14
         Province
   15    Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot 2025-41), Gulou District, Fuzhou, Fujian Province
   16    Government Targeted Repurchase Project, Ninghua New Village, Taijiang District, Fuzhou, Fujian Province
         Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot A), Huannan New Village, Jin’an District, Fuzhou, Fujian
   17
         Province
         Borui Ting Talent Apartment Construction General Contracting Project of Chongqing Economic Development
   18
         Zone
         Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot P(2025)141), Baiyushan Street, Qingshan District, Wuhan,
   19
         Hubei Province
   20    The Yellow River Cultural Tourism Facilities Project, Luoyang, Henan Province
   21    Government Targeted Repurchase Project, Dayun River, Chanhe District, Luoyang, Henan Province
   22    Infrastructure Project, Xianfeng Dadao, Yancheng, Jiangsu Province
         Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot NO.2024G76), Jiangning Development Zone, Nanjing, Jiangsu
   23
         Province
         Urban Renewal and Housing Construction Project, Renju Forest Area, Yuhua Economic and Technological
   24
         Development Zone, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province
   25    Housing Construction Project (Plot F and H), Mingzhu Street, Liangxi District, Wuxi, Jiangsu Province
         Government Targeted Repurchase Project of Shengjiang Huayuan Phase 9 (Plot B), Binjiang Economic
   26
         Development Zone, Jiangning, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province
         Government Targeted Repurchase Project of Shengjiang Huayuan Phase 9 (Plot C), Binjiang Economic
   27
         Development Zone, Jiangning, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province
         Government Targeted Repurchase Project (South of Kangsheng Road and East of Louyan Road), Xiangcheng
   28
         District, Suzhou, Jiangsu Province
         Urban Renewal and Housing Construction Project (Phase III), Longgaozhao Area, Luyang District, Hefei, Anhui
   29
         Province
   30    Housing Construction Project, Hefei Economic Development Zone, Anhui Province
         Urban Renewal and Housing Construction Project (Phase II), Longgaozhao Area, Luyang District, Hefei, Anhui
   31
         Province
   32    Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot 2), Dadian, Yao Hai District, Hefei, Anhui Province
         Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot 7 and Storage Plot), Tongling Road, Yaohai District, Hefei,
   33
         Anhui Province
   34    Government Targeted Repurchase Project, Xiwan Huayuan, Jiangbei New District, Wuhu, Anhui Province
         Urban Renewal (Phase 1) Housing Construction Project, Left Bank of Silihe, Luyang District, Hefei, Anhui
   35
         Province
         New Energy (Hydrogen Energy) Industrial Park Housing Construction Project, Yaohai District, Hefei, Anhui
   36
         Province
52   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Business Review (continued)




     19                                                                       28
          Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot P(2025)141),                Government Targeted Repurchase Project (South of Kangsheng
          Baiyushan Street, Qingshan District, Wuhan, Hubei Province               Road and East of Louyan Road), Xiangcheng District, Suzhou,
                                                                                   Jiangsu Province




     30                                                                       36
          Housing Construction Project, Hefei Economic Development Zone,           New Energy (Hydrogen Energy) Industrial Park Housing Construction
          Anhui Province                                                           Project, Yaohai District, Hefei, Anhui Province




     39                                                                       40
          Housing and Infrastructure Construction Project, Qian Shi Hou Shi        General Contracting for the Design and Construction of the Qingdao
          Sub-area, Lanshan District, Linyi, Shandong Province                     China Electric Power Science and Technology Industrial Park (Phase
                                                                                   1), Chengyang, Shandong Province
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025    53


                                                                                            Business Review (continued)




MAJOR PROJECTS IN PROGRESS – CHINESE MAINLAND (continued)

      No.       Project Name
      37        Xinyefang Project, Hongkou District, Shanghai
      38        Government Targeted Repurchase Project, Kuiwen District, Weifang, Shandong Province
                Housing and Infrastructure Construction Project, Qian Shi Hou Shi Sub-area, Lanshan District, Linyi, Shandong
      39
                Province
                General Contracting for the Design and Construction of the Qingdao China Electric Power Science and
      40
                Technology Industrial Park (Phase 1), Chengyang, Shandong Province
      41        General Contracting (EPC) Project for the Dongjia Sub-area, Kuiwen District, Weifang, Shandong Province
                Housing Construction Project (Plot 2024NJY-7), Hengli Town, Nansha District, Guangzhou, Guangdong
      42
                Province
                Housing Construction Project (Plot 2024NJY-9), Hengli Town, Nansha District, Guangzhou, Guangdong
      43
                Province
                Government Targeted Repurchase Project, South of Cultural and Tourism City, Huadu District, Guangzhou,
      44
                Guangdong Province
                Industrial Resettlement Housing Project, Pingnan Shunli Old Village, Guicheng, Nanhai District, Foshan,
      45
                Guangdong Province
                Government Targeted Repurchase Project, Lighting Factory Plot, Chancheng District, Foshan, Guangdong
      46
                Province
                Government Targeted Repurchase Project, Jinsha South Road, Jianggao Town, Baiyun District, Guangzhou,
      47
                Guangdong Province
      48        Infrastructure and Housing Construction Project, Heishipu, Tianxin District, Changsha, Hunan Province




43                                                                        44
     Housing Construction Project (Plot 2024NJY-9), Hengli Town, Nansha        Government Targeted Repurchase Project, South of Cultural and
     District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province                                   Tourism City, Huadu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province
54   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Business Review (continued)




     MAJOR PROJECTS IN PROGRESS – CHINESE MAINLAND (continued)

           No.       Project Name

                     Construction Products Plant

            1        Shenzhen Hailong Construction Products Plant

            2        Anhui Hailong Construction Products Plant

            3        Shandong Hailong Construction Products Plant

            4        Zhuhai Hailong Construction Products Plant

            5        Chongqing Hailong Construction Products Plant

            6        Jiangmen Hailong Construction Products Plant

                     Major Projects in Operation and Management

            1        Nanjing No. 2 Yangtze River Bridge

            2        Yangquan-Yuxian Section Project, Yangquan-Wutaishan Expressway, Shanxi Province

            3        Shuiyu-Niangziguan Section Project, Yangquan-Niangziguan First-Class Highway, Shanxi Province




      1                                                               1
          Shenzhen Hailong Construction Products Plant                    Nanjing No. 2 Yangtze River Bridge
                                                                              Annual Report 2025   55


                                                        Business Review (continued)




PROJECTS IN PROGRESS AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2025

                                                             31 December 2025
                                                                 Attributable         Value of
                                                                     contract     incompleted
                                                                        value         contract
                                                         No.     RMB’Million       RMB’Million
Chinese mainland                                         280        298,982           196,465
Hong Kong                                                 77        181,837           127,899
Macau                                                     34         42,823            22,962
China State Construction Development Holdings Limited      –         32,774            17,350


Total                                                    391        556,416           364,676
56   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     MAJOR AWARDS AND
     ACCOLADES 2025
                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025          57


                                                                         Major Awards and Accolades 2025 (continued)




GENERAL AWARDS
Award                                                                Awarded company                                              Name of the granting organisation
BBB Rating in MSCI’s ESG rating, ranking first in the industry       China State Construction International Holdings Limited      MSCI Inc.
Selected as a constituent of the FTSE4Good Constituent Index (for    China State Construction International Holdings Limited      FTSE Russell
  nine consecutive years)
“Honored Company”, ranked 2nd in “Best Investor Relations            China State Construction International Holdings Limited      Extel
  Team”, “Best Investor Relations Program”, “Best Corporate
  Board of Directors”, and ranked 1st in “Best ESG” in Industrials
  Small & Midcap Sector
Selected as a constituent of the “Hang Seng Corporate                China State Construction International Holdings Limited      Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited
  Sustainability Benchmark Index”
Selected Companies for S&P Global ‘Sustainability Yearbook           China State Construction International Holdings Limited      S&P Global
  (ChinaEdition)’ 2025
AA Rating in Wind’s ESG rating, ranking first in the industry        China State Construction International Holdings Limited      Wind Information
AA+ Rating in CCXGF’s ESG Rating, ranking first in the industry      China State Construction International Holdings Limited      CCXGF (中誠信綠金)
B Rating in CDP’s Climate Change Questionnaire, ranking first in     China State Construction International Holdings Limited      CDP
  the industry
Top 100 Benchmarks for Chinese Brands Globalisation                  China State Construction International Holdings Limited      International Brand Research Institute,
                                                                                                                                    Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao
                                                                                                                                    Greater Bay Area Entrepreneurs
                                                                                                                                    Alliance
EU NG Gold Certification                                             China State Construction Hailong Technology Company          European Union Innovation Center
                                                                       Limited—Longgang District Intelligent Construction
                                                                       Industrial Park Project
EU Green Transition Contribution Award                               China State Construction Hailong Technology Company          European Commission
                                                                       Limited—Longgang District Intelligent Construction
                                                                       Industrial Park Project
GLOBAL WATER AWARDS 2025—”Desalination Plant of the Year”            China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited     Global Water Intelligence
First Class Award of Excellent Stories of Central Enterprises by     China State Construction International Holdings Limited,     Publicity Department of the SASAC
   the SASAC — “Hong Kong, ‘Mountain-moving Project’ is in             China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited     of the State Council, China Foreign
   Progress”                                                                                                                        Languages Press, People’s Daily Online
Excellent Work (Medium and Long Video) in the 11th “Excellent        China State Construction International Holdings Limited      News Center of the SASAC of the State
  State-owned Enterprise News” Awards— “Hong Kong,                                                                                 Council
  ‘Mountain-moving Project’ is in Progress”
Class A Work in the Micro-documentary Category of Major              China State Construction International Holdings Limited,     Office of the National Archives
  Construction Projects during the “14th Five-Year Plan” Period —      China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company Limited       Administration
  “From Macau to Hengqin: New Neighbourhoods for Macanese
  People”
Class A Work in the Micro-documentary Category of Major              China State Construction International Holdings Limited,     Office of the National Archives
  Construction Projects during the “14th Five-Year Plan” Period        China State Construction Hailong Technology Company          Administration
  — “My 14th Five-Year Plan Answer Sheet — Archives of the             Limited
  Cornerstones of the City”
Gold Award in the ESG and Corporate Image Category of the            China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited     China International Public Relations
 21st China Public Relations Industry Best Case Competition —                                                                       Association
 “Community Emergency Volunteer Team Documentary”
Employer of the Year—Triple Crown                                    China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited     CTgoodjobs
The Most Popular Enterprise for Global Talent Award                  China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited     Innovating Hong Kong — Global Talent
                                                                                                                                    Carnival
APIGBA Renovation Award—GOLD                                         China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company Limited—      Asia-Pacific Intelligent Green Building
                                                                       Londoner Event Centre (Macao) Renovation Project             Alliance
Best Retail Development in Asia Pacific                              China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company Limited—      International Property Awards
                                                                       Macau No.8 project
The 9th Batch of National Manufacturing Single Champion              Far East Intelligent Manufacturing (Zhuhai) Co., Ltd.        General Office of the Ministry of
  Enterprises                                                                                                                      Industry and Information Technology
Macau Good Organisation Award                                        China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company Limited       Corpo de Polícia de Segurança Pública
Outstanding ESG Award                                                China State Construction Development Holdings Limited        Television Broadcasts Limited




CSR AWARDS
Award                                                                Awarded company                                              Name of the granting organisation
Hong Kong Volunteer Award 2025 — Outstanding Corporate Award         China State Construction International Holdings Limited      Home and Youth Affairs Bureau of the
 Corporate — Volunteer Hour Gold Award                                                                                             HKSAR Government and the Agency
                                                                                                                                   for Volunteer Service
Macau Volunteer Alliance Excellent Project Award                     China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company Limited       Macau Volunteer Federation
“Caring Company 10+” Label                                           China State Construction Development Holdings Limited        The Hong Kong Council of Social Service
58   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Major Awards and Accolades 2025 (continued)
                                                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025              59


                                                                                   Major Awards and Accolades 2025 (continued)


TECHNOLOGY AWARDS
Award                                                              Awarded company                                                                 Name of the granting organisation
2025 Enterprise with Outstanding Performance in Digital            China State Construction International Holdings Limited                         Guandian Index Research Institute
   Construction
2025 AI+ Innovative Application Case                               China State Construction International Holdings Limited                         Organizing Committee of 2025 AI
                                                                                                                                                       Intelligence Creates Future CIO Summit
Silver Award, “Building for the Future” First CSCEC Youth          China State Construction International Holdings Limited                         China State Construction Engineering
    Innovation and Entrepreneurship Competition                                                                                                        Corporation
2025 NCE “Tunnelling Project of the Year”, “Tunnelling             China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited — Relocation of Sha    Institution of Civil Engineers
    Project Team of the Year”                                         Tin Sewage Treatment Works to Caverns
National Development and Reform Commission, Green and              China State Construction Hailong Technology Company Limited — Longgang          National Development and Reform
    Low-Carbon Advanced Technology Demonstration Projects             District Intelligent Construction Industrial Park Project                       Commission of the People’s Republic
    (Second Batch)                                                                                                                                    of China
Gold Award for Excellent Residential Community, China Civil        China State Construction Hailong Technology Company Limited                     China Civil Engineering Society
    Engineering Zhan Tianyou Award
Energy Conservation and Emission Reduction Science and             Far East Green Energy Technology (Guangdong) Co., Ltd.                          Carbon Neutrality Committee of China
    Technology Progress Award, Innovation Award of China                                                                                              Energy Conservation Association
    Energy Conservation Association
UHPC Innovation Award (2023–2024) — Architectural                  China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company Limited — Galaxy Phase IV        China Concrete and Cement Products
    Breakthrough Award                                                Superstructure Main Contract Project                                            Association
First Prize for Achievement Transformation, Heilongjiang           China State Construction Hailong Technology Company Limited                     People’s Government of Heilongjiang
    Science and Technology Award
CSCEC Technology Invention Award (Gold)                            China State Construction Hailong Technology Company Limited                     China State Construction Engineering
                                                                                                                                                      Corporation
Second Prize of Guizhou Science and Technology Progress            China State Construction International Investments Limited — Guizhou Company    People’s Government of Guizhou
    Award
First Prize for Scientific and Technological Innovation of China   China State Construction International Investments Limited — Guizhou Company    China Association for Promotion of Science
    Industrial Technology Promotion Association                                                                                                       and Technology Commercialisation
Key Project of Sponge City Construction in Zhejiang, 2024          China State Construction International Investments Limited                      Department of Housing and Urban-Rural
                                                                                                                                                      Development of Zhejiang, Department
                                                                                                                                                      of Finance of Zhejiang, Department of
                                                                                                                                                      Water Resources of Zhejiang
First Prize for Scientific and Technological Progress, China       China State Construction International Asset Management Limited — Nanjing       China Communications and
    Communications and Transportation Association                     Changjiang Second Bridge Company Limited                                        Transportation Association
CSCEC Technology Invention Award (Silver)                          China State Construction Development Holdings Limited                           China State Construction Engineering
                                                                                                                                                      Corporation
“Excellent Defense Unit” in “Guangming — 2025” Macao               China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company Limited                          Cybersecurity Committee of Macao
   Chinese-Funded Enterprises Cybersecurity Joint Offensive                                                                                           Chinese Enterprises Association
   and Defense Exercise
2024 Excellent Audit Case of CSCEC                                 China Overseas Holdings Limited                                                 Audit Department of China State
                                                                                                                                                      Construction Engineering
                                                                                                                                                      Corporation
Construction Industry Council of Hong Kong “MiC”/“MEi”             China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited — Design and           Construction Industry Council of Hong Kong
    Achievement Award                                                 Construction of Olympic Avenue Light Public Housing, Kai Tak
First Prize for Scientific and Technological Progress, China       China State Construction International Investments Limited — Guizhou Company    China Highway and Transportation Society
    Highway and Transportation Society
Best Tall Building Asia Award                                      China State Construction Development Holdings Limited — Far East Facade         Council on Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat
Excellent Award, Science and Technology Award of China             China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company Limited、Far East Facade          China Construction Structure Metal
    Construction Structure Metal Association                          (Macau) Limited — Galaxy Phase IV Superstructure Main Contract Project          Association




SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AWARDS
Award                                                              Awarded company                                                                 Name of the granting organisation
First Prize of the 6th Safety Science and Technology Award of      China State Construction International Investments Limited — Guizhou Company    China Association of Work Safety
   China Occupational Safety and Health Association
2025 Construction Project Safety Production Standardization        China State Construction International Investments Limited — Anhui Company-     China Construction Industry Association —
   Worksite Learning and Exchange Program (2 projects)               General Contracting Project of Phase VI (South Plot) of Hefei Intelligent       Building Safety and Machinery Branch
                                                                     Technology Park and Phase I of Renovation Project of Qingfeng Brick Factory
                                                                     Shantytown, Tianjia’an District, Huainan
ISA International Safety Awards 2024 (Merit)                       China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company Limited — Lot P, New             British Safety Council
                                                                     Reclamation Area, Areia Preta, Macau
ISA International Safety Awards 2024 (Pass)                        China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited — Central Kowloon      British Safety Council
                                                                     Route — Kai Tak East Project
2025 Star-level Project for Green Construction Performance in      China Overseas Supervision Limited — Shenzhen New World Prince Bay              China Construction Enterprise
  Engineering Construction Projects (2 projects)                     Comprehensive Development Project, Zhuhai-Macao Bay Century Center Project      Management Association
The 31st Considerate Contractors Site Award Scheme — 1             China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited — Yuen Long            Development Bureau and Construction
  Gold, 1 Silver, 1 Bronze, 4 Merit Awards in Considerate            Barrage and Nullah Improvement Schemes, Kowloon Our Lady of Maryknoll           Industry Council of Hong Kong
  Contractors Site Awards — 1 Gold, 1 Bronze, 5 Merit                Hospital Redevelopment Project, Residential Redevelopment at 135 Tai
  Awards in Safety & Environmental Excellence Innovation             Hang Road, Heritage Conservation Resource Centre Project, Residential
  Awards — 1 Gold, 1 Bronze, 5 Merit Awards in Outstanding           Development at 391 Chai Wan Road, Design and Construction of Kong
  Environmental Management Awards                                    Ha Po Police Training Facilities, Anderson Road Quarry Joint Use Cavern
                                                                     Development
Demonstration Enterprise for Safety Culture Construction in        China Overseas Construction Company Limited、China State Construction            Guangdong Association of Work Safety
  Guangdong, Special Grade Award for Emergency and Safety            Hailong Technology Company Limited
  Science and Technology Progress Guangdong Association
  of Work Safety
Guangdong Advanced Collective in Work Safety                       China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company Limited                          Department of Emergency Management
                                                                                                                                                     of Guangdong
Best Occupational Safety & Health Award, Excellent                 China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company Limited — Residential            Macau Institute of Project Managers,
  Occupational Safety & Health Award                                 Development at Rua da Praia do Manduco, Macau; Design and Construction          Macau Institute of Construction
                                                                     of Public Housing at Lot A12, New Urban Zone A                                  Engineers, Macau Construction Safety
                                                                                                                                                     Association
Construction Safety Award — Best Lifting Operations Safety         China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited — Project of Yuen      Occupational Safety and Health Council
  Improvement Programme — Gold Award                                 Long Barrage and Nullah Improvement Schemes
Hong Kong Occupational Safety and Health Award Safety              China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited — West New             Occupational Safety and Health Council
  Management System Award (Construction Category) —                  Territories Landfill Rehabilitation Project
  Gold Award
Green Building Awards (3 in total)                                 China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited — Phase 1A             Green Building Council of Hong Kong and
                                                                     Development of the Hong Kong-Shenzhen Innovation and Technology Park,           Professional Green Building Council
                                                                     Anderson Road Quarry Joint Use Cavern Development
2024 Active Promoter of Safety Contractor Award (4 in total)       China State Foundation Engineering Limited                                      Hong Kong Construction Association
Hong Kong Construction Environmental Awards —                      China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited、China Overseas         Hong Kong Construction Association
  Environmental Merit Award (5 in total)                             Building Construction Limited、China State Mechanical and Electrical
                                                                     Engineering Limited、Alchmex Construction、Treasure Construction
Green Factory of Jining                                            China State Construction Hailong Technology Company Limited                     Jining Bureau of Industry and
                                                                                                                                                      Information Technology
60   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




                                                               Corporate
                                                                 Citizenship
                                          Annual Report 2025   61




EXCELLENCE IN
CONSTRUCTION PROJECT DELIVERY
is founded not only on rigorous control over safety,
compliance, quality, cost and progress, but also on the
deep integration of technology-driven innovation and
environmental governance.


AS A SOCIALLY RESPONSIBLE
CONTRACTOR,
the Group has always adhered to a green development
blueprint, embedding sustainability into every process
from planning to construction, and building harmonious
cities that coexist in balance with nature through
craftsmanship.


UPHOLDING ITS COMMITMENT AS A
RESPONSIBLE CORPORATE CITIZEN,
the Group has established platforms for talent
development and translated social responsibility into
concrete actions. It actively responds to public needs,
supports community development efficiently, brings
care and warmth to every corner of the city, and works
with all sectors to expand spaces for well-being and
create a better future together.
62   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Corporate Citizenship (continued)




     BUILDING HAPPINESS AND LEADING
     THE TREND
     The Group, as a member of China Overseas Holdings Limited
     (“COHL”), upholds the core values of “putting customers
     first, guaranteeing quality, and creating value”, consciously
     underwrites the mission of “we are in the business of
     happiness”, and vows to become a world-class service
     provider in investment, construction, and operation.

     The Group vigorously carries forward the entrepreneurial
     spirit of “wholeheartedly striving every day”, and “bringing
     together those who strive and motivate people of action”.
                                                                       The Group is dedicated to building an international
     The entire team has always maintained an enterprising
                                                                       workforce, currently bringing together over 14,000
     creativity and vigor for the implementation of strategies and
                                                                       professionals from more than 22 countries and
     the achievement of goals.
                                                                       regions. To fully implement the instructions and
                                                                       requirements of the Central Government and the
     With its extraordinary craftsmanship and care, the Group has
                                                                       HKSAR Government to “Transform Hong Kong into
     profound insight into the changing needs of our customers.
                                                                       a Prime Hub for International High-caliber Talent”,
     Guided by our motto of “Building Happiness and Leading
                                                                       the Group, in the witness of the SAR Government,
     the Trend”, the Group has continuously led the lifestyle
                                                                       has signed Memoranda of Understanding with top
     and industry trends while actively fulfilling our corporate
                                                                       overseas universities, providing overseas engineering
     responsibilities.
                                                                       students with learning opportunities spanning
                                                                       international perspectives, construction technology,
     TALENT ACQUISITION AND STAFF                                      career development, and community service. Through
     DEVELOPMENT                                                       a collaborative mechanism of “Government-led
                                                                       Platforms, Association Synergy, University Cultivation,
     I.     Extensive Recruitment of Talent                            and Corporate Implementation”, the Group has
            The Group has always maintained a high level of            achieved a full-cycle closed loop of “cultivating,
            investment in talent development, by optimising talent     attracting, and effectively utilising talents”, exploring
            allocation, improving talent training systems, and         a new model for Hong Kong’s development as an
            strengthening talent identification capabilities, with a   international talent hub.
            view to continuously enhancing the competitiveness
            and sustainable development of our talents.

            Adhering to the two-pronged approach of “social
            recruitment” and “campus recruitment”, the Group
            focused on actively introducing corporate governance
            talents, professional talents, R&D talents for
            technology, and outstanding young talents, as well as
            recruiting talents from around the globe, in order to
            build a diversified talent deployment system.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025    63


                                                                Corporate Citizenship (continued)




II.   Talent Training
      Through a comprehensive range of training programs,
      the Group enhanced the employees’ professional
      skills and discovered their development potential. The
      Group has consistently enhanced the implementation
      of tailored training for employees at different
      development stages and positions, and has built a
      competence quality model for key positions to optimise
      the training course system. Key training activities
      include the “High-quality Development (高質量發展)”
      workshop, the project managers growth camp under
      the “Talent Development Programme (築將計劃)”,
      the MiC “Marketing Class (營銷班)”, the “Research
      Pathway Programme (研途計劃)” professional
      workshop, the “GBA Innovation & Technology Study
      Camp for Young Probationers (見習青年人才大灣區創                  The Group insisted on exploring innovative
      新科技研習營)”, the “Star of the Bay Area (灣區之星)”              mechanisms for talent team building, enriching the
      boot camp, and the “Soul of Culture (文化鑄魂)” visits       talent identification methods, and implementing the
      to the 3311 Brand Exhibition Center. Meanwhile, we       “Eight-Minute Agenda” programme to showcase
      continue to enhance the development of the micro-        outstanding employees each month, to build a
      curriculum platform “Leading Trend (領潮)” and the         platform for employees to share and communicate. At
      training brand of “Leading Trend Classroom (領潮學          the same time, the Group has devised comprehensive
      堂)”, so as to enhance the quality of our talent team     talent retention strategies to increase the appeal to
      continuously.                                            talented individuals through a range of initiatives.
64   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Corporate Citizenship (continued)




     Ⅲ.     Youth Development                                           The CSHK Talents Society aims to support newly-
            The Group has deepened the development of the               coming professionals in better integrating into life
            “Hong Kong Management Academy” platform.                    and work in Hong Kong, helping them become
            Leveraging three key pillars – the “Volunteer Team”,        highly integrated and exceptional professionals. It
            “Youth Club”, and “Talents Society” – we actively           has organised various cultural integration and local
            promote mainstream values and continuously                  experience activities, such as Hong Kong volunteer
            enhance the cohesion and sense of belonging among           training and basketball and bowling exchange
            young employees.                                            matches. To date, these efforts have reached nearly
                                                                        800 new talents with remarkable results.

                                                                        Furthermore, to promote cultural exchange among
                                                                        youth from Hong Kong, Macau, and the Chinese
                                                                        mainland, the Group organised the China Overseas
                                                                        Group Mainland Youth Roots-seeking Tour to Hong
                                                                        Kong (中海集團內地青年赴港尋根之旅) in April 2025.
                                                                        Thirty outstanding young participants from the Chinese
                                                                        mainland embarked on a journey to Hong Kong, where
                                                                        they visited iconic projects like Hong Lok Yuen, Hoi
                                                                        Po Garden, and Hong Kong Palace Museum, allowing
                                                                        them to trace the historical legacy of leadership culture.
                                                                        In August of the same year, 70 newly recruited young
                                                                        probationers and summer interns participated in the
                                                                        “GBA Innovation & Technology Study Camp (大灣區創
                                                                        新科技研習營)”. They visited the Group’s technology
                                                                        manufacturing enterprises in Zhuhai and the Chinese
                                                                        mainland Support Center in Shenzhen for observation
                                                                        and exchange, deepening their understanding and
                                                                        endorsement of the “Technology+” strategy.




            The CSCI volunteer team hosted the 2025 “Strive
            Cup” Basketball League. In collaboration with the CSCI
            Youth Club, it organised numerous patriotic education
            activities, including a visit to the PLA Garrison in Hong
            Kong Exhibition Center themed “Joining Hands for
            Brilliance, Writing a New Chapter from Governance to
            Prosperity”, the National Day themed event “Tracing
            Glorious Footsteps”, the flag-raising ceremony
            celebrating the 76th Anniversary of the founding of
            the People’s Republic of China, and a screening of
            the patriotic film Dead to Rights. Collectively, over
            10 events were held to deepen employees’ sense of
            national pride and belonging.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025      65


                                                                  Corporate Citizenship (continued)




Ⅳ.   Employee Care                                               In 2022, the Happy Committee established the CSCI
     The Group adheres to the philosophy of “we are in           Employees’ Children Scholarship. This initiative reflects
     the business of happiness” by rolling out various           the Group’s sincere care for employees’ families
     employee care initiatives through the Happy                 and its support for their children’s development. It
     Committee, enhancing the sense of fulfillment and           has since evolved into a well-loved permanent care
     well-being of its staff and workers.                        program. In 2025, a total of 44 outstanding children of
                                                                 employees were awarded this scholarship.
     The Group strived to create a healthy workplace
     ecosystem where employees can develop both                  Regarding the caring for the employees, the Group
     physically and mentally in tandem with their careers.       has organised celebrations of the “Si Fu Festival “for
     The Group regularly organised various employee              several consecutive years. Furthermore, through
     care activities, including festival-themed workshops,       the “Happiness Stations” at our site, we launched a
     traditional Chinese medicine therapies, and movie           series of activities, including “Delivering Coolness in
     screenings. It also organised employee sports clubs         Summer” and a “Safety and Health Workshop”, to
     and regular recreational and sports activities such as      show our care for our frontline staff and workers.
     basketball, football, track and field, hiking, badminton,
     etc. We continuously organised “Fun Site” (繽 fun 樂
     地盤), a caring activity for our frontline staff, which
     offered a variety of health and wellness activities
     across our sites. Over 400 employees participated
     throughout 2025.
66   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Corporate Citizenship (continued)




     THE GROUP AND COMMUNITY                                          II.   Youth Education and Development
     Under the leadership of the “Caring for the Society” Voluntary         The Group has been advancing the growth of young
     Services Federation of COHL, the Company officially                    individuals in Hong Kong by launching and deepening
     established the CSCI “Caring for the Society” Volunteer                the “Constructing the Future: China State Construction
     Branch (hereinafter referred to as “3311 Volunteer Branch”)            Hong Kong Student Growth Programme”. This
     in June 2019 for the implementation of our corporate mission           initiative seeks to boost the growth of the young in
     of “We are in the business of happiness”. Over 2,600                   Hong Kong by actively involving tertiary institutions,
     volunteers have joined since the Branch’s establishment. In            as well as primary and secondary school students,
     2025, the 3311 Volunteer Branch continued to improve the               in the Company’s study exchanges, internships, and
     “4+x” (namely Care for the elderly, Adult employment, Care             STEAM workshops, with a view to boosting students’
     for the youth, House maintenance and Innovative Space) for             technology know-how and hands-on skills.
     Employees volunteer service system. There were over 4,500
     participating volunteers with more than 21,000 volunteering            Continuous Support for Government Youth
     hours throughout the year. The Group also received the                 Development Initiatives
     highest honor in the enterprise category of the Hong Kong              In support of the government’s youth development
     Volunteer Award for two consecutive years.                             efforts, the Group provides members of the Security
                                                                            Bureau Youth Uniformed Group Leaders Forum with
     I.     Full Support for the HKSAR Government’s                         continuous opportunities for GBA study tours and
            “Strive and Rise Programme”                                     internship training.
            The Group fully supports the HKSAR Government’s
            “Strive and Rise Programme (共創明「TEEN」)”.
            In its third phase, the Group provided 50 mentors.
            Through mentorship pairing and systematic activity
            arrangements, including diverse group activities and
            exchanges, we aim to broaden mentees’ horizons
            and foster a positive outlook on life. Notably, three
            employees were presented with the “Warm Care
            Award” and the “Mentorship Award” by the Chief
            Secretary for Administration, Mr. Chan Kwok-ki.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025     67


                                                            Corporate Citizenship (continued)




                                                           Promoting STEAM Education for Primary and
                                                           Secondary Students
                                                           To promote STEAM education, the Group launched
                                                           the “CSHK Dream STEAM Learning Programme”.
                                                           Utilizing iconic livelihood projects, we established
                                                           seven STEAM education bases and held 17 learning
                                                           activities throughout the year to inspire interest in
                                                           STEAM and strengthen the foundation for future
                                                           talent.




Construction Technology Study Tour
In August 2025, the Group organised the “Construction
Technology Shanghai Study Tour”, selecting 32
outstanding students majoring in construction-related
disciplines from the University of Hong Kong, Hong
Kong University of Science and Technology, The Hong
Kong Polytechnic University and City University of Hong
Kong for a four-day study trip to Shanghai. Adopting
an innovative model of “Professional Enhancement +
National Pride”, the initiative integrated the resources
of leading enterprises and universities, focusing on       Looking ahead, the Group will continue to optimise
two main themes: a “Tech-Innovation Journey” and a         its talent cultivation models and innovate persistently
“Cultural-Historical Journey”.                             to nurture more young leaders equipped with
                                                           professional excellence, national pride, and a global
                                                           perspective.
68   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Corporate Citizenship (continued)




     III.   Three Major Voluntary Housing Repair Pillars             Ⅳ.   Establishment of CSCI Community Urgent
            The Group continued to enhance the “4+X” volunteer            Response Volunteer Team
            activity system, which encompasses Care for the               The CSCI Community Urgent Response Volunteer Team
            elderly, Adult employment, Care for the youth, House          was officially established in 2024. We have formed seven
            maintenance and Innovative Space. Drawing on years            volunteer teams consisting of over 650 professionals,
            of practical experience in voluntary housing repair           spanning five key areas: Hong Kong Island, Kowloon,
            services, the Group has established three key areas           New Territories East, New Territories West, and the
            of focus for our voluntary repair efforts: “small home        Outlying Islands, and two specialised fields: electrical
            repairs”, “community beautification and repairs”, and         and mechanical services and curtain wall systems. It
            “community emergency repairs”. These initiatives              operates under the “3–6–0 Management System”,
            have garnered widespread acclaim from all sectors of          which included a three-tier coordination system, six
            society.                                                      management mechanisms, and a commitment to zero
                                                                          safety incidents during operations.

                                                                          In 2025, during the emergency support efforts for
                                                                          Typhoon Wipha and Jaxa – including the high-profile
                                                                          clearance of a 50-year-old banyan tree in Siu Lek
                                                                          Yuen Village, Sha Tin, and the restoration of a century-
                                                                          old Albizia lebbeck in Kowloon Park – as well as the
                                                                          power outage at I-Feng Mansion in To Kwa Wan and
                                                                          the relocation support for residents affected by a fire
                                                                          in Tai Po, the Group mobilised over 2,100 volunteer
                                                                          man-hours in total. Our professionalism earned the
                                                                          commendation from Chief Executive John Lee.
                                                                          Furthermore, the volunteer team received letters of
                                                                          appreciation and commemorative silk banners from
                                                                          various sectors, including the Development Bureau,
                                                                          the Home and Youth Affairs Bureau, the Culture, Sports
                                                                          and Tourism Bureau, the Home Affairs Department,
                                                                          relevant District Offices for Home Affairs, as well as
                                                                          various sectors of the community, including Standing
                                                                          Committee members of the National People’s
                                                                          Congress, local community groups, and schools.




                                                                          The Company collaborated with the Auxiliary Medical
                                                                          Service to co-organise community emergency
                                                                          volunteer training. The Auxiliary Medical Service shared
                                                                          rescue experiences and first-aid skills to enhance
                                                                          employees’ emergency response capabilities.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025     69


                                                              Corporate Citizenship (continued)




                                                             In 2025, the Group collaborated with the ADCC to host
                                                             the “CSHK Anti-Fraud Ambassadors Appointment
                                                             Ceremony and Training”. A total of 30 employees
                                                             underwent professional training and passed
                                                             knowledge tests provided by the ADCC, subsequently
                                                             being appointed as CSHK Anti-Fraud Ambassadors.
                                                             The Company encourages these ambassadors to
                                                             actively share anti-fraud information and case studies
                                                             within their respective departments as volunteers,
                                                             organise related volunteer activities, and assist
                                                             colleagues who suspect they have been scammed in
V.   Anti-Fraud Education and Promotion                      reporting to the police promptly.
     Since 2024, CSHK has established a close partnership
     with the Anti-Deception Coordination Centre (“ADCC”)
     of the Hong Kong Police Force. Through diversified
     forms such as internal anti-fraud education, joint
     specialised seminars, and the promotion of the “Anti-
     Scam Online Learning Package”, we have effectively
     enhanced our employees’ ability to identify and
     prevent scams.
70   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Corporate Citizenship (continued)




     SUSTAINED RECOGNITION OF TALENT                                   Meanwhile, CSHK, a subsidiary of the Group, has been
                                                                       widely commended for its excellence in human resources
     BRAND VALUE
                                                                       management, garnering several prestigious awards during the
                                                                       year. CSHK was named “Outstanding Employer of the Year”
     With its outstanding contributions to volunteer services,
                                                                       by CTgoodjobs for the third consecutive year and received the
     community support, and youth education, the Group has
                                                                       “Best Employer for Global Talent” award at the International
     been honored with the highest corporate accolade at the
                                                                       Talent Carnival for three years running. Additionally, CSHK
     Hong Kong Volunteer Award for two consecutive years,
                                                                       secured four awards from the Hong Kong Institute of Human
     jointly presented by the Home and Youth Affairs Bureau and
                                                                       Resource Management, including the “Change Management
     the Agency for Volunteer Service.
                                                                       Gold Award” and the “Policy Pioneer Gold Award”. These
                                                                       accolades serve as a powerful testament to the Company’s
     In 2025, the Group received the “Hong Kong Volunteer
                                                                       effectiveness in talent cultivation, policy innovation, and
     Award 2025 – Outstanding Corporate – Excellence Award”
                                                                       change management capabilities.
     and the “Corporate – Volunteer Hours Gold Award”. The
     Outstanding Corporate – Excellence Award was presented by
     Mrs. Janet Lee, wife of the Chief Executive, underscoring the
     high recognition from the HKSAR Government and society
     for the Company’s volunteer achievements. It also highlights
     the Group’s significant success in mobilising employees to
     actively participate in social services and give back to the
     community.




                           企業 - 義工時數金獎
                              （10,000 - 29,999小時）
                          Corporate - Volunteer Hour Gold Award
                                   (10,000 - 29,999 hours)


                  中國建築國際集團有限公司
             CHINA STATE CONSTRUCTION INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      71


                                                                         Corporate Citizenship (continued)




ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY                                            The S&EP Department is responsible for providing technical
                                                                supports as well as monitoring the sites ensuring all sites
The Group has set up and implemented its ISO14001:2015          are complying with statutory and contractual environmental
Environmental Management System and formulated                  requirements. For instance, the management of noise issue
environmental objectives. The Group endeavors to review and     which is our top priority concern, in addition to our Restricted
continually improve the environmental management system         Hours Permit-to-Work System implementing on site, we
to enhance its environmental performance. It is mandatory       require all project management to provide weekly restricted
that all employees shall fully conform to the environmental     hours’ work schedules to our S&EP department in advance
policy.                                                         to facilitate our planning of surprise checks. The Group
                                                                continued to introduce and apply innovative pollution control
                                                                measures, for example, the Real Time Air Quality Monitoring
Environmental Risks and Control Measures
                                                                with Automatic Dust Suppression System to further enhance
The Group’s environmental related risks mainly come from
                                                                the performance in pollution control. In addition to the
the operations of construction sites. If the site’s operation
                                                                control measures mentioned, S&EP Department issues
deviates from statutory requirements, it may lead to
                                                                “Environmental Alert” regularly to alert all construction sites
prosecutions and in turn affect the Group’s reputation and
                                                                be vigilant on potential environmental issues and take proactive
chances of awarding new projects.
                                                                action to avoid deviating from statutory requirements. In 2025,
                                                                there was no prosecution for environmental violations at the
In order to prevent project sites from violating the
                                                                company’s projects. The external audit of the company’s
environmental laws, the Group has to identify project related
                                                                ISO14001:2015 environmental management system did not
significant environmental aspects of all projects through
                                                                find any non-conformities or areas for improvement.
conducting compliance obligation and risk assessment at
project commencement then follow strictly the operating
                                                                In terms of overall energy conservation and carbon reduction
procedures stipulated in the Group’s Standard Operating
                                                                in projects, the Group continues to pursue excellence, and
Procedures Manual No.12 to operate the project. In addition,
                                                                its subsidiaries CSHK, China Overseas Building Construction
in order to strengthen the safety and environmental
                                                                Limited (“China Overseas Building Construction”) and
management of new projects, each new project have
                                                                China State Foundation Engineering Limited (“Foundation
to prepare a project specific Safety and Environmental
                                                                Company”) have obtained and implemented ISO50001:2018
Construction Plan within the first month of construction
                                                                energy management system for years. The companies
and reviewed by the Safety and Environmental Protection
                                                                through application of innovative energy-saving facilities, such
Department (“S&EP Department”) to ensure that various
                                                                as Battery Electricity Storage System to replace traditional
safety and environmental risks of the project are effectively
                                                                diesel generators continually improved the project’s energy
controlled. In 2025, 14 Safety and Environmental Construction
                                                                performance. In 2025, there was no non-conformities or
Plans for new projects were approved.
                                                                areas for improvement in the company’s energy management
                                                                system external audits.
72   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Corporate Citizenship (continued)




     In line with the rising concern of the community on building   Same as previous years, the Group is actively committed to
     environmental performance and expectation of clients on        environmental promotional activities. In the annual “China
     green building construction, CSHK joint the Hong Kong Green    State Environmental Protection Day”, the Group organised a
     Building Council (“HKGBC”) as an Institutional Member          “Guided Tour to the iHub”. The “iHub” guided tours connect
     since 2015 and gradually upgrade its membership to Silver      3 exhibition centers of Construction Industry Council (“CIC”),
     Patron Member to further promote the development of green      including Construction Innovation and Technology Application
     buildings in Hong Kong. The Company nominated three staff      Centre, CIC-Zero Carbon Park and MiC Resources Centre.
     and successfully joined the HKGBC Standing Committees as       The event enable participants to learn more about the latest
     co-opted members to strengthen the communication with          technologies and developments in the construction industry,
     the industry. The Group encouraged and sponsored its staff     stimulate their innovative thinking, and recognise the
     to participate in BEAM Pro Training and gain the BEAM Pro      importance of green building in energy conservation. Besides,
     (“BEAM Pro”) status to provide endless professional inputs     all the Group’s construction sites participated the “Expired
     to project management. Currently, more than 100 staff          Helmets Recycling Activity” in June. The activity raised the
     members have acquired the BEAM Pro qualification.              awareness of workers on the expiry of safety helmets and
                                                                    reduced disposal of recyclable materials.
     With the concerted efforts of the Group, the results were
     remarkable. The Main Contract of Redevelopment of Our Lady     The Group also requires subcontractors to comply with
     of Maryknoll Hospital Project and the Yuen Long Barrage and    the Environmental Policy, and holds regular meetings
     Nullah Improvement Schemes Project of CSHK, a subsidiary of    with subcontractors during the project to jointly resolve
     the Group, won the Gold Award of Outstanding Environmental     the environmental issues and improve the overall
     Management and the Gold Award of Innovation Awards for         environmental performance. In addition, in order to have a
     Safety and Environmental Excellence respectively in the        deeper understanding of mosquito and rodent related legal
     31st Considerate Contractors Site Award Scheme. Besides,       requirements and control methods, the group invited officials
     the Group’s subsidiaries including CSHK, China Overseas        from the Food and Environmental Hygiene Department of
     Building Construction, China State Mechanical and Electrical   HKSAR to hold mosquito and rodent control seminar for
     Engineering Limited and Alchmex International won the Hong     colleagues to strengthen the effectiveness of mosquito and
     Kong Construction Environmental Awards — Environmental         rodent control works on project sites to improve the overall
     Merit Award 2024 organised by the Hong Kong Construction       work environment.
     Association. Those awards fully recognised our efforts in
     promoting green construction in Hong Kong.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025      73


                                                                            Corporate Citizenship (continued)




Safety and Health                                                  At the end of 2025, CSHK has 30 valid Safety Smart
The Group’s commitment to protecting the safety and health         Construction Site System labels.
of employees of the company and its subcontractors prompts
us to continually review and provide sufficient resources to       With the joint efforts of all divisions within the Group, several
continually optimise the Group’s safety management system,         construction projects have won multiple awards from the
improve the Group’s safety management rules and guidance,          industry, including 2 Gold, 1 Silver and 2 Bronze awards
promote safety culture and continuously improve our                in the 31st Considerate Contractors Site Award Scheme
safety management level. The Group’s safety management             (New Works), Construction Industry Council — “Life First”
system is based on ISO 45001:2018, and we will continue            — “Construction Safety — Innovation Technologies and
to implement and improve our safety management system.             Design for Safety” Competition Gold award, 2 Gold and 2
                                                                   Silver Awards at the Hong Kong Occupational Safety and
The Group is committed to promoting the implementation             Health Awards, 1 Gold, 1 Silver and 1 Bronze Award at
of safety management system to ensure compliance with              the Construction Safety Promotional Campaign along with
safety and health legal requirements and contracts with client.    a Silver Award at the Site Safety and Cleanliness Award
Each operation unit has conducted a series of specific risk        2024 organised by the Drainage Services Department. This
assessments to strengthen site supervision for specific task       demonstrates that the Group’s safety and health policies
and has provided sufficient training and promotion to relevant     and its implementation have been widely recognised in the
employees. These measures effectively control construction         industry.
risks, prevent accidents, and avoid serious accidents from
happening. CSHK, which is under the Group, has actively
promoted the Smart Site Safety System in recent years.
Through a self-developed C-smart platform, utilises advanced
technologies such as the Internet of Things (IoT) and artificial
intelligence (AI) to achieve on-site management, enhance
monitoring and alert so as to minimise the construction risk
and occurrence of accidents. CSHK requires all construction
sites to participate in and obtain the Smart Site Safety System
label issued by the Construction Industry Council.
74   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Corporate Citizenship (continued)




     INVESTOR RELATIONS                                               Outstanding Performance Recognised by Global
     Management Highly Values Investor Relations                      Investors
     The management of the Group believes that actively               The Group actively participates in investment strategy
     promoting investor relations can improve corporate               conferences held by domestic institutions and investor
     governance and strengthen the Group’s capability to create       conferences held by overseas institutions. While continuously
     value. Therefore, investor relations is regarded as one of key   attracting Chinese mainland investors, the Group maintains
     tasks, and with the strong support from the management           close communication with overseas investors and effectively
     level and increasing advocacy efforts at the executive level,    keeps a stable structure of overseas shareholders.
     the year 2025 has achieved outstanding performance.
                                                                      The Group’s efforts in corporate governance and stakeholder
     Apart from results announcement conferences, the                 engagement over the years have been well recognised by
     management of the Group also attended a number of                the market, it was awarded as the Honored Company at Asia
     roadshows and investors forums to directly respond               Industrials Small & Midcap sector in 2025 by Extel, it also
     to investors’ questions and expectations. The investor           ranked first in “Best ESG”, and achieved excellent results in
     survey was conducted to listen to investors’ opinions and        numerous other subcategories.
     suggestions, which served as an important consideration in
     formulating the development strategy of the Group.               Distribution of Meetings with Shareholders and
                                                                      Investors by Region:
     Diversified Communication Approach
     The Group adheres to a transparent, efficient, proactive and                                  Other
                                                                              Other Asia
     comprehensive attitude, and maintains regular and efficient                                   European Region
                                                                                 Pacific Britain
     communications with shareholders and investors. In 2025,
                                                                                 Region 2%         2%
     the Group participated in a number of investor conferences
     and forums, meeting more than 200 investors, to share                           7%
     its insights on the market and industry in a timely manner,       Singapore
     as well as to introduce its development strategies and
     operations, thereby enhancing investors’ understanding of                8%
     and confidence in the Group.                                        United
                                                                       States of
     In addition, the Group held an investor reverse roadshow,         America
     inviting investors to visit its production bases and landmark        10%                                           Hong
     projects to gain an understanding of the Group’s automated                                                         Kong
     production techniques, smart manufacturing and digital
     control processes, as well as the R&D, production and project                                                      42%
     application of its construction echnology products. Relevant              Chinese
     principals of the Group briefed investors on business                    mainland
     progress, strategic layout and other developments.                            29%
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   75


                                                                Corporate Citizenship (continued)




Major Investor Relations Activities in 2025:


                       JANUARY                                                     JULY
          2025 UBS Greater China Conference              China State Construction International Holdings Limited’s
                                                                 20th Anniversary of Listing Investor Day


                      FEBRUARY                                                   AUGUST
               CICC Strategy Conference                    2025 Interim Results Investors and Analysts Briefing
                                                                    GF Securities Strategy Conference
                                                                 Sinolink Securities Strategy Conference
                                                                  Huatai Securities Strategy Conference
                        MARCH
   2024 Annual Results Investors and Analysts Briefing
       Changjiang Securities Strategy Conference                              SEPTEMBER
         Huatai Securities Strategy Conference
         HSBC Global Investment Summit 2025                          The 12th HSBC China Conference
                                                                  Northeast Securities Strategy Conference
                                                                  Tianfeng Securities Strategy Conference
                                                                     BofA 2025 Asia Pacific Conference
                        APRIL                            Citi 2025 Annual Investor Conference for China Industrial,
                                                                 Small & Medium and Transportation Sector
   Investor Telephone Conference for 2025 Q1 Results      Offline Roadshow to Far East Facade Zhuhai Production
       Changjiang Securities Strategy Conference                   Base and Qianhai Snow World Project
            CITIC Securities Offline Roadshow


                                                                                OCTOBER
                         MAY
                                                           Investor Telephone Conference for 2025 Q3 Results
          JPMorgan Global China Summit 2025
           UBS Asia Investment Forum 2025
          CITIC Securities Strategy Conference
                                                                               NOVEMBER
                                                                  Huatai Securities Strategy Conference
                         JUNE                                          The 20th Citi China Summit
                                                                  CITIC Securities Strategy Conference
          Huatai Securities Strategy Conference
         Sinolink Securities Strategy Conference

                                                                               DECEMBER
                                                                  Northeast Securities Offline Roadshow
                                                                                                                                                                                        76

                       China Construction Engineering
                          (Macau) Company Limited


 Zhejiang Companies       China State Construction
                      Engineering (Hong Kong ) Limited
                                                                                                                                                                        DIRECTORS AND
                         China State Construction
Shandong Companies     Development Holdings Limited


                           China State Construction
  Anhui Companies     International Investments Limited


                               General Office
                                                                                                                                                                        ORGANISATION
 Jiangsu Companies

                       Human Resources Department

  Fujian Companies
                           Finance and Treasury
                               Department
                                                                                                                                                                                        China State Construction International Holdings Limited




Guangdong Companies
                       Corporate Finance Department         Executive Directors            Chief Executive                                                  Board of
                          Corporate Planning and                                                                      Chairman
  Hubei Companies         Investment Department
                                                                                               Officer                                                      Directors
                                                          and Senior Management
                             Legal Department
  Henan Companies


                           Marketing Department

  Hunan Companies

                       Overseas Business Department

 Jiangxi Companies
                      Safety Management Department


 Sichuan Companies        Technology Management
                               Department                                         Sustainability             Nomination          Remuneration     Audit

                          Information Technology                                                                                                Committee
 Other subsidiaries             Department                                         Committee                 Committee            Committee

                             Audit Department
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      77


                                                                 Directors and Organisation (continued)




BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                              Mr. WANG Xiaoguang
                                                                Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer
Mr. ZHANG Haipeng                                               Chairman of the Sustainability Committee
Chairman and Executive Director
Sustainability Committee Member                                 Aged 43, was appointed as Executive Director and Chief
                                                                Executive Officer of the Company in 2023 and the Chairman
Aged 50, was appointed as Executive Director of China State     and Non-executive Director of CSC Development in 2025.
Construction International Holdings Limited (the “Company”)     Mr. Wang graduated from Tongji University, and obtained a
in 2017, was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of        degree of Master of Construction and Real Estate from The
the Company on 21 August 2018 and was appointed as              Hong Kong Polytechnic University and was awarded the title
the Chairman of the Company and ceased to be the Chief          of Senior Engineer. Mr. Wang has over 21 years’ experience
Executive Officer of the Company on 24 February 2023. Mr.       in investment and construction engineering management.
Zhang graduated from Harbin Institute of Technology, and
obtained a degree of Master of Business Administration          Mr. HUNG Cheung Shew JP
from Hong Kong Baptist University and a degree of Executive     Executive Director and Vice President
Master of Business Administration from Nankai University
and was awarded the title of Senior Engineer. He is currently   Aged 67, was appointed as Executive Director of the Company
Director and President of China Overseas Holdings Limited       in 2011. Mr. Hung graduated from Plymouth Polytechnic
(“COHL”, a substantial shareholder of the Company). He          (UK). He is a member of The Hong Kong Institution of
was the Chairman and Non-executive Director of China            Engineers and The Institution of Structural Engineers (UK).
State Construction Development Holdings Limited (“CSC           He is currently a director of certain subsidiaries of the Group,
Development”, a subsidiary of the Company listed in Hong        vice president of The Hong Kong Construction Association,
Kong). Mr. Zhang has over 26 years’ experience in investment    Limited, a member of Construction Industry Council and a
and construction engineering management.                        director of The Hong Kong Construction Association Charity
                                                                Fund Limited. Mr. Hung has over 44 years’ experience in
Mr. YAN Jianguo BBS, JP                                         construction management and planning.
Non-executive Director
                                                                Mr. Ye Nan
Aged 59, was appointed as the Chairman and Non-executive        Non-executive Director
Director of the Company in 2019 and resigned as the
Chairman of the Company and continued to act as Non-            Aged 45, was appointed as a Non-executive Director of the
executive Director of the Company in 2023. Mr. Yan holds        Company on 22 March 2025. Mr. Ye graduated from University
a PhD degree in Management. He is currently the Chairman        of Science and Technology Beijing with a Bachelor’s degree of
of COHL and the Chairman and Executive Director of China        Accounting. He is a certified public accountant of the Chinese
Overseas Land & Investment Ltd. (listed in Hong Kong).          Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He has been elected
He was the Chairman and Non-executive Director of China         for the Ministry of Finance’s high-level financial accounting
Overseas Property Holdings Limited (listed in Hong Kong) and    talent quality improvement project in 2024 (Guangdong-
China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited (listed in Hong       Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area high-end class). Mr. Ye
Kong). Mr. Yan has over 30 years’ experience in construction    is currently the Financial Controller of China Orient Asset
business and real estate general management. He was             Management (International) Holdings Co., Limited. From 2003
elected as a member of the 14th National Committee of the       to 2021, Mr. Ye held different positions in China Orient Asset
Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference in 2023.     Management Co., Ltd., including deputy general manager of
                                                                the shared management center, assistant to general manager
                                                                of the financial accounting department, senior manager of the
                                                                financial accounting department system office, and served as
                                                                senior audit manager of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Certified
                                                                Public Accountants.
78   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Directors and Organisation (continued)




     Ms. WONG Wai Ching GBS, JP                                     Mr. Chan Tze Ching Ignatius BBS, JP
     Independent Non-executive Director                             Independent Non-executive Director
     Chairlady of the Audit Committee                               Chairman of the Nomination Committee
     Remuneration Committee Member                                  Audit Committee Member
     Nomination Committee Member                                    Remuneration Committee Member
     Sustainability Committee Member                                Sustainability Committee Member

     Aged 65, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive         Aged 69, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive
     Director of the Company on 25 March 2022. Ms. Wong             Director of the Company on 8 June 2023. Mr. Chan obtained
     graduated from The University of Manchester, United            a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from University
     Kingdom, with a Bachelor’s degree (Honours) of Science in      of Hawaii, United States and obtained a Master of Business
     the Faculty of Technology in 1985 and a Master’s degree of     Administration degree from the same university. He is a
     Science in the Faculty of Technology in 1986. She served       Certified Public Accountant with the American Institute of
     Bank of China from 1987 to 1992 as a deputy manager of         Certified Public Accountants.
     the Hong Kong branch and a dealer of the Australia branch
     respectively. Ms. Wong has joined her family business in       From 1980 to 2007, Mr. Chan held various positions in
     1993, its scope covering investment, retailing, hotels and     Citigroup, including Management Associate, Country
     mixed complex projects. Ms. Wong is currently acting as the    Treasurer and Head of Sales and Trading, Head of Corporate
     managing director of Wong Sun Hing Limited.                    Banking Business for Hong Kong, Country Officer for Taiwan,
                                                                    Chief Operating Officer for Greater China, Country Officer
     Ms. Wong has, over the years, devoting untiringly efforts in   for Hong Kong and Head of Corporate and Investment
     public and community services. She is currently serving as a   Banking Business for Greater China. Mr. Chan worked
     standing committee member of The National Committee of the     briefly as Deputy Chief Executive for Bank of China (Hong
     Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, member     Kong) Limited in 2008. He also held various board seats in
     of Standing Committee of All-China Women’s Federation,         listed companies, government statutory bodies and non-
     member of Committee of Hong Kong Business Ethics               governmental organizations. In particular, Mr. Chan served as
     Development Advisory Committee, member of Committee            the chairman of Hong Kong Polytechnic University Council, a
     on Community Support for Rehabilitated Offenders, member       senior adviser of CVC Capital Partners Limited, a member of
     of the Working Group on Patriotic Education of Constitution    The Financial Reporting Council, a member of the Standing
     and Basic Law Promotion Steering Committee member              Committee on Judicial Salaries and Conditions of Service and
     of The Court of Hong Kong Baptist University, president of     an independent non-executive director, the chairman of Panel
     Kowloon Federation of Associations, vice chairperson of        Member Selection Committee, member of Audit Committee,
     Friend of Hong Kong Association, chairperson of Presidium of   Nomination and Governance Committee, Risk Committee
     Friend of Hong Kong Association Development Foundation,        and Risk Management Committee (statutory) of Hong Kong
     deputy secretary general of Hong Kong Coalition, honorary      Exchanges and Clearing Limited (listed in Hong Kong).
     chairperson of Hong Kong Poverty Alleviation Association
     Ltd., deputy chairman of Hong Kong Volunteers Federation,      Mr. Chan is currently a senior adviser of The Bank of East
     advisor of Our Hong Kong Foundation, permanent chairman of     Asia Limited, a non-independent non-executive director of
     Federation of Hong Kong Guangxi Community Organizations,       Affin Bank Berhad (listed in Malaysia), an independent non-
     and permanent chairman of All-China Women’s Federation         executive director of Mongolian Mining Corporation (listed in
     Hong Kong Delegates Association Limited, among others.         Hong Kong), a board member of The Community Chest of
                                                                    Hong Kong, the chairman of Hospital Governing Committee
                                                                    of Hong Kong Red Cross Blood Transfusion Service, board
                                                                    adviser of Hong Kong New Territories General Chamber of
                                                                    Commerce and honorary advisory vice president of Hong
                                                                    Kong Institute of Bankers.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      79


                                                               Directors and Organisation (continued)




Mr. Chan Fan GBS, JP                                          Corporation Limited (listed in Hong Kong) while serving as
Independent Non-executive Director                            a board member of Airport Authority Hong Kong and Hong
Chairman of the Remuneration Committee                        Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited. Prior to that, Mr. Chan
Audit Committee Member                                        was the Director of Electrical and Mechanical Services of
Nomination Committee Member                                   the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region government,
Sustainability Committee Member                               spearheading policy initiatives and law enforcement on
                                                              energy efficiency and safety of railway, tramway, ropeway,
Aged 68, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive        gas, electricity, lift, escalator and nuclear power; and providing
Director of the Company on 6 June 2024. Mr. Chan obtained     professional advice and engineering services.
a Bachelor in Science (Engineering) and Master in Business
Administration from The University of Hong Kong, and Master   SENIOR MANAGEMENT
in Medical Physics from University of Aberdeen, United
Kingdom. He attended Advanced Management Programme            Mr. YANG Weidong
at Harvard Business School, Strategic Management of           Senior Vice President
Regulatory and Enforcement Agencies at Harvard Kennedy
School, and National Studies at Tsinghua University and       Aged 56, graduated from Anhui Jianzhu University, and
Chinese Academy of Governance. Mr. Chan is a Fellow           obtained a degree of Master of Business Administration from
of the Hong Kong Academy of Engineering and the Hong          University of South Australia and was awarded the title of
Kong Institution of Engineers and an Honorary Fellow of the   Senior Engineer. Mr. Yang joined the Group in 1999. He has
Institution of Mechanical Engineers, United Kingdom.          been a director of certain subsidiaries of the Group since
                                                              2007. Mr. Yang has over 36 years’ experience in investment,
Mr. Chan is currently a Hong Kong Deputy to the National      construction engineering and project management.
People’s Congress, a Senior Vice President of the Hong
Kong Institution of Engineers, an Honorary Professor of the
                                                              Mr. ZHANG Jie
University of Hong Kong and an Honorary Advisor of the Hong
                                                              Senior Vice President
Kong Federation of Electrical and Mechanical Contractors.
Mr. Chan is the Founding Chairman of the Association for
                                                              Aged 42, graduated from Tianjin University, and obtained
Engineering and Medical Volunteer Services, Vice-Chairman
                                                              a degree of Master of Business Administration from the
of Admissions, Budgets and Allocations Committee of The
                                                              University of Macau and was awarded the title of Senior
Community Chest of Hong Kong, Member of the Advisory
                                                              Engineer. Mr. Zhang joined the Group in 2007. He has been
Committee for Innovation and Technology for Aging of the
                                                              a director of certain subsidiaries of the Group since 2018.
Hong Kong Council of Social Service. Mr. Chan also serves
                                                              Mr. Zhang has over 19 years’ experience in construction
as an independent non-executive director, the chairman of
                                                              engineering, investment and human resources management.
remuneration committee, and member of audit committee,
nomination committee and corporate governance committee
                                                              Mr. LUO Haichuan
of China Resources Land Limited (listed in Hong Kong),
                                                              Vice President, Chief Auditor
and an independent non-executive director, and member of
remuneration committee and overseas risk control committee
                                                              Aged 46, graduated from Harbin Institute of Technology,
of Beijing Urban Construction Design & Development Group
                                                              and obtained a degree of Master of Business Administration
Co., Limited (listed in Hong Kong).
                                                              from Hong Kong Baptist University and was awarded the
                                                              title of Senior Engineer. Mr. Luo joined the Group in 2003.
From July 2017 to June 2022, Mr. Chan was the Secretary
                                                              He has been a director of certain subsidiaries of the Group
for Transport and Housing of the Hong Kong Special
                                                              since 2011. Mr. Luo acted as an executive director of CSC
Administrative Region government, overseeing policy and
                                                              Development from September 2015 to August 2018. He has
strategy, development and implementation of housing,
                                                              over 23 years’ experience in human resources management
logistics, air services, land and maritime transport, the
                                                              and investment and financing.
Chairman of Hong Kong Housing Authority, Hong Kong
Maritime and Port Board, Hong Kong Logistics Development
Council and Aviation Development and Three-runway System
Advisory Committee; and a non-executive director of MTR
80   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Directors and Organisation (continued)




     Mr. ZHAO Xiaoqi                                                   Mr. HUANG Jiang
     Vice President, General Legal Counsel, Chief Compliance           Vice President
     Officer
                                                                       Aged 51, graduated from Chongqing Jianzhu University (now
     Aged 51, graduated from Tsing Hua University, and obtained        known as Chongqing University), and obtained a degree
     a degree of Master of Business Administration from                of Master in Project Management from The Hong Kong
     Renmin University of China and was awarded the title of           Polytechnic University and a degree of Executive Master
     Senior Economist. Mr. Zhao joined CSCEC in 1997 and was           of Business Administration from Nankai University and was
     seconded to the Group in 2001. He has been a director of          awarded the title of Senior Engineer. Mr. Huang joined
     certain subsidiaries of the Group since 2010. Mr. Zhao has        CSCEC in 1997 and was seconded to the Group in 2000. He
     over 29 years’ experience in human resources management           has been a director of certain subsidiaries of the Group since
     and legal affairs.                                                2007. Currently, Mr. Huang is a non-executive director of CSC
                                                                       Development. He has over 29 years’ experience in contract
     Mr. ZHAO Shaoran                                                  and project management.
     Financial Controller
                                                                       Mr. CHAN Han Pan BBS, JP
     Aged 45, graduated from Zhongnan University of Economics          Vice President
     and Law in Accounting, and obtained a degree of Master
     of Management. Mr. Zhao joined the Group in 2006. He              Aged 50, graduated from the School of Engineering of The
     served successively as the head of Finance and Treasury           Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, and
     Department and the head of Corporate Finance Department           obtained a degree of Master of Science in Materials of
     of COHL during the period from 2018 to 2023. He has been          Science and Engineering from The Hong Kong University of
     the Financial Controller and a director of certain subsidiaries   Science and Technology and a doctorate degree in Laws from
     of the Group since 2023. Mr. Zhao has over 20 years’              Tsinghua University. Mr. Chan joined the Group in 2020. He
     experience in corporate finance, accounting and investment        has been a director of a subsidiary of the Group since 2020.
     management.                                                       Mr. Chan has, over the years, devoted untiring efforts in public
                                                                       and community services and holds multiple public offices. He
     Mr. LIU Guobing                                                   is currently serving as a member of Legislative Council of the
     Vice President                                                    Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, and a member of
                                                                       Hong Kong region of Anhui Province of the 10th, 11th and
     Aged 48, graduated from Southeast University and was              13th Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference.
     awarded the title of Senior Engineer. Mr. Liu joined CSCEC        Mr. Chan has over 22 years’ experience in innovation and
     in 2000 and was seconded to COHL Group in 2005. He has            technology, engineering consulting and community affairs.
     been a director of certain subsidiaries of COLI for the period
     from December 2008 to March 2014 and a director of certain
     subsidiaries of COGO for the period from March 2014 to July
     2018, and was seconded to the Group in 2023. Mr. Liu has
     over 25 years’ experience in investment, planning and real
     estate development.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   81


                                                                   Directors and Organisation (continued)




Mr. ZHANG Zongjun
Chief Engineer

Aged 50, graduated from Chang’an University, and was
awarded the title of Senior Engineer. Mr. Zhang joined CSCEC
in 2001 and was seconded to the Group in 2005. He has been
a director of certain subsidiaries of the Group since 2014.
Mr. Zhang has over 24 years’ experience in prefabricated
building, intelligent building, modular integrated construction
and engineering management.


Mr. ZHOU Zhike
Investor Relations Director

Aged 42, graduated from Huazhong University of Science
and Technology and University of Nottingham in UK, and
obtained a degree of Master of Management. Mr. Zhou is
a CFA (Chartered Financial Analyst) charterholder. Mr. Zhou
joined COHL Group in 2007 and was seconded to the Group
in 2014. He has been a director of a subsidiary of the Group
since 2019. Mr. Zhou has over 18 years’ experience in capital
market, corporate finance and corporate strategy. He had
been selected among the top-ranked “Best Investor Relations
Officers” in All-Asia Executive Team poll (Industrial Sector) by
Institutional Investors for 11 consecutive years.


Mr. MI Xiang
Assistant President

Aged 50, graduated from Northwest Institute of Architecture
Engineering (now known as Chang’an University), and
obtained a degree of Master of Project Management in Xi’an
Jiaotong University and was awarded the title of Senior
Engineer. Mr. Mi joined the Group in 2003. He has been a
director of certain subsidiaries of the Group since 2009. Mr.
Mi has over 28 years’ experience in construction engineering
and project management.
82   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     REPORT

     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

     The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) recognises that good corporate governance is essential to the success of
     the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) and enhances shareholders’ value. The Board is committed to maintain a high
     standard of business ethics, a healthy corporate culture and a good corporate governance practice.

     Throughout the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company has applied and complied with all the code provisions of the
     Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange
     of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (the “Listing Rules”).


     CORPORATE STRATEGY, BUSINESS MODEL AND CULTURE

     The Group adheres to the core values of “Customer-oriented, Quality Assurance, Value Creation” and inherits the business
     concept of “Exercising Caution in Details and Implementation; Building a Strong Foundation to Seek Greater Success”, strictly
     abides by the industry standard, upholds the heart of dedication, consciously shoulders the corporate mission of “We Manage
     Happiness”, and strives for growth and continuous innovation. With the continuous enhancement of individuals’ values and the
     perfect release of team creative energy, the Group aims to developing into an international enterprise and becoming a new role
     model of “harmonious and win-win” with shareholders, employees and society in the new era. The Group will continuously
     move towards the goal of becoming a world-class comprehensive enterprise group integrating “Technology, Investment,
     Construction and Asset Operation”.

     Adhering to the corporate spirit of “Integrity, Innovation, Transcendence, Win-win Solution” after more than 40 years of
     development, the Group has developed businesses in four major segments of “Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Macau and
     Overseas”, implemented technology-empowered strategy and built a four-in-one business model integrating “Technology
     + Investment + Construction + Asset Operation” which fully utilized the advantages of the whole industrial chain and
     comprehensively promoted high-quality corporate development.


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS

     The Board governs the Group and is responsible for overall management of the Group’s business. It focuses on the
     overall strategies, policies and business plans of the Group, and monitors the financial performance, internal controls and
     risk management (including sustainability risk management) of the Group. Executive directors and senior management are
     responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Group while non-executive directors are responsible for scrutinizing the Group’s
     performance in achieving agreed corporate goals and objectives, and monitoring the reporting of performance.

     The current composition of the Board reflects an appropriate mix of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives among its
     members that are relevant to the Company’s strategy, governance and business and contribute to the Board’s effectiveness.
     The Board comprises eight directors (three executive directors, two non-executive directors and three independent non-
     executive directors representing more than one-third of the Board) who have diverse educational background, professional
     experience, knowledge and culture. The Board members possess Chinese mainland/Hong Kong/Macau construction and
     related industry experience, global market experience, other listed companies’ board roles experience, corporate executive
     experience, public and community services experience, professional investment, construction and engineering management
     experience, professional accounting, banking and finance experience, and transport and housing services experience. Seven
     directors are male and one director is female. Three directors are under the age group of 41 to 50; one director is under the age
     group of 51 to 60; and four directors are over 60. Five directors have served the Board below 5 years and three directors have
     served the Board between 5 and 15 years. There is no family or other material relationships among members of the Board.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     83


                                                              Corporate Governance Report (continued)




The Board adopted Director Nomination Policy on 25 March 2020 which sets out the criteria and process in the nomination
and appointment of directors and ensures that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives
appropriate to the Company.

The Board also adopted Board Diversity Policy on 14 August 2013 and revised Board Diversity Policy on 25 October 2022
which sets out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board. The Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as
an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. In designing the
Board’s composition, Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age,
educational background, professional experience, knowledge, cultural background and length of service. All Board appointments
will be based on meritocracy and selection of candidates will be based on a range of diversity factors.

Other than non-executive directors, all executive directors are appointed on a full-time basis and have sufficient time to deal
with the affairs of the Company. All directors are required to discharge their responsibilities as directors of the Company and
their common law duties as directors. The Board/Nomination Committee will review the Board composition regularly to ensure
that it has a balance of expertise, skills and experience appropriate for the requirements of the business of the Company.

The composition of the Board and the attendance of each director in the Board meetings and annual general meeting (“AGM”)
during the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out below:

                                                                                       Attended/Eligible to Attend
 Name                                                                               Board meetings                 AGM
 Chairman and Executive Director
 Zhang Haipeng                                                                                    4/4                     1/1

 Non-executive Directors
 Yan Jianguo                                                                                      4/4                     1/1
 Ye Nan (appointed with effect from 22 March 2025)                                                3/3                     1/1

 Executive Directors
 Wang Xiaoguang (Chief Executive Officer)                                                         4/4                     1/1
 Hung Cheung Shew                                                                                 4/4                     1/1

 Independent Non-executive Directors
 Wong Wai Ching                                                                                   4/4                     1/1
 Chan Tze Ching Ignatius                                                                          4/4                     1/1
 Chan Fan                                                                                         4/4                     1/1


Biographical information of the directors is set out in the “Directors and Organisation” section of the 2025 Annual Report.
An updated list of directors containing biographical information and identifying the independent non-executive directors is
published on the website of the Company. The Company has also published an updated list of directors and their roles and
functions on the websites of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (“HKEx”) and the Company.

Directors have disclosed their number and nature of offices held in public companies or organisations and other significant
commitment in their biographical information.

Mr. Ye Nan was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 22 March 2025. Mr. Ye has obtained
the legal advice pursuant to Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on 21 March 2025 and has confirmed that he understood his
obligations as a director of the Company. As a newly-appointed director, Mr. Ye was given appropriate introduction about the
Group’s policies.
84   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Corporate Governance Report (continued)




     During the year, four Board meetings were held. Board meetings were held to approve the annual, interim and quarterly results
     of the Group; to discuss the operational status and business outlook of the Group; to consider the payment of final dividends;
     and to consider and approve the payment of interim dividends, forfeiture of unclaimed dividends, connected transactions,
     appointment of a non-executive director, establishment of Executive Committee and adoption of its terms of reference,
     framework and contents of sustainability report, revised Anti-Corruption Policy, revised Health and Safety Policy and revised
     Code of Conduct of Suppliers. Throughout the year, the Board also participated in the consideration and approval of subscription
     of new shares under general mandate, factoring arrangements, revised terms of reference of Nomination Committee and other
     non-routine issues of the Company by way of circulated resolutions with supporting explanatory write-up. Senior management
     at all times answered the non-routine issues enquiries made by the Board.

     Notice of at least fourteen days is served for regular Board meetings and reasonable notice is given for all other Board
     meetings. The Chairman of the Board, assisted by the company secretary, is responsible for drawing up and approving the
     agenda for each Board meeting. Agendas and accompanying Board papers in sufficient details are circulated to all directors at
     least three days before the intended date of meetings so as to allow them to have sufficient time to prepare before meetings.

     All directors keep contact with the company secretary and can obtain the services provided by the company secretary so
     as to ensure compliance with the procedure of the Board meetings and all applicable laws, rules and regulations. In case of
     any changes in the governance and compliance laws, rules and regulations, the company secretary will release the latest
     information to the Board.

     The company secretary is responsible for compiling and drafting minutes of the Board and the Board committee meetings, and
     will send the draft minutes within reasonable time after each meeting to all participated directors for comments. The minutes
     of meetings are prepared with details of the decisions reached, any concerns raised and dissenting views expressed. All
     directors are entitled to inspect the minutes of the Board and the Board committee meetings. Directors can seek independent
     professional advice for performing their duties at the expense of the Company. If the subject under discussion at a Board
     meeting involves conflict of interests of substantial shareholders or directors and the Board considers that the conflict of
     interests is material, the matter would be dealt with by a physical meeting rather than a written resolution. The Board will
     ensure that there are sufficient independent directors participating in discussing about and voting on the relevant resolution.
     Those interested directors shall abstain from voting on the relevant resolution.

     The Company has arranged directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in respect of any legal action against directors and officers
     of the Company.

     Directors at all times have full access to information of the Company. The Board is provided monthly operating information
     which contain the up-to-date performance and information of the Company. Directors can access information from senior
     management independently.

     As part of the continuous professional development programme, the directors of the Company namely Mr. Zhang Haipeng, Mr.
     Yan Jianguo, Mr. Wang Xiaoguang, Mr. Hung Cheung Shew, Mr. Ye Nan, Ms. Wong Wai Ching, Mr. Chan Tze Ching Ignatius
     and Mr. Chan Fan read materials in relation to (i) the roles, functions and responsibilities of the Board, its committees and its
     directors, and Board effectiveness; (ii) issuers’ obligations and directors’ duties under Hong Kong law and the Listing Rules,
     and key legal and regulatory developments (including Listing Rules updates) relevant to the discharge of such obligations and
     duties; (iii) corporate governance and environmental, social and governance matters (including developments on sustainability
     or climate-related risks and opportunities relevant to the Company and its business); (iv) risk management and internal controls;
     and (v) updates on industry-specific developments, business trends and strategies relevant to the Company during the year. In
     addition, individual directors also participated in other seminars and/or read relevant materials relating to the roles, functions
     and duties of a listed company director, environmental, social and governance, and further enhancement of their professional
     developments. Directors had provided the company secretary with their training records for the year.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025      85


                                                                Corporate Governance Report (continued)




The Company is aware that effective communication can increase productivity and improve teamwork and therefore
convened regular meetings for the executive directors, senior management, middle management, worksites management and
management of overseas subsidiaries (by video-conference). During the meetings, the relevant parties reported the Company’s
overall work progress, delivered the Company’s strategy, reviewed the strength and weakness of the Company’s work-in-
progress and provided sufficient time for the participants to raise questions and express their opinions, ensuring adequate
communication between different levels of management.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Chairman and chief executive officer are two key aspects of the management of the Company. Chairman performs the
management of the Board and chief executive officer performs the day-to-day management of the business. Clear division of
these responsibilities is in place to ensure balance of power and authority so as to avoid concentration of power on the same
individual.

Mr. Zhang Haipeng is the Chairman and Executive Director of the Company. He is responsible for leading the Board and ensures
all directors are provided with appropriate and sufficient information before Board meetings so that the Board can operate
effectively and perform its duties. Mr. Zhang promotes culture of openness and encourages directors to voice their views.
He also meets independent non-executive directors without other executive directors present and ensures good corporate
governance practices and procedures of the Company.

Mr. Wang Xiaoguang is Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. He is responsible for the operations
of the Group. Mr. Wang together with other executive directors jointly implement the policies adopted by the Board and are
responsible to the Board for the overall operation and administration of the Group. He also works with senior management in
deciding the Group’s risk level and risk appetite; developing risk management strategies and implementing appropriate action
plans for managing and monitoring risks.


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
All non-executive directors of the Company were not appointed for a specific term. Pursuant to the Articles of Association of
the Company, all directors (including non-executive directors) appointed by the Board shall hold office only until the first annual
general meeting of the Company after his/her appointment and shall be eligible for re-election at that meeting. All directors
shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years and retiring directors shall be eligible for re-election.

The Company established board independence evaluation mechanism on 25 October 2022 which is designed to ensure a strong
independent element on the Board and allows the Board to effectively exercise independent judgment to better safeguard
shareholders’ interests.

During the year, the Board as well as the Nomination Committee have reviewed the independence of all independent non-
executive directors and have concluded that all of them are independent within the definition of the Listing Rules, and the
Company has complied with Rules 3.10, 3.10A and 3.13A of the Listing Rules. Non-executive directors possess appropriate
professional qualifications and experience or appropriate accounting or relevant financial management expertise. All independent
non-executive directors comply with the maximum concurrent holding of directorships under Rule 3.12A of the Listing Rules
and the independence guideline and annual confirmations of independence under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.
86   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Corporate Governance Report (continued)




     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

     The Company established a Remuneration Committee on 9 June 2005. The major responsibilities of the Remuneration
     Committee include approving the overall remuneration policy of the Group, reviewing and approving the remuneration of
     individual executive directors and senior management of the Company, and ensuring that no director participates in the
     discussion on his/her own remuneration. The Board has adopted written terms of reference for the Remuneration Committee,
     which defined the role, authority and function of the Remuneration Committee. The terms of reference are published on the
     websites of HKEx and the Company.

     During the year, one Remuneration Committee meeting was held and the individual attendance of each director is set out
     below:

                                                                                                                    Attended/
      Name                                                                                                  Eligible to Attend
      Chan Fan (Chairman)                                                                                                   1/1
      Wong Wai Ching                                                                                                        1/1
      Chan Tze Ching Ignatius                                                                                               1/1


     During the meeting, the Remuneration Committee considered and approved remuneration proposal and annual bonus proposal
     of the employees of the Group. During the year, remuneration proposal of the executive directors and senior management of
     the Company was reviewed and approved by the Remuneration Committee by way of circulated resolutions in writing.

     The human resources department reviews the remuneration data of the market and formulates the remuneration policy of
     the Group and then proposes to the Remuneration Committee for consideration and approval. The remuneration of directors
     and senior management of the Company is determined with reference to the remuneration policy of the Group and based
     on individual skills, knowledge, performance and contribution, the overall performance of the Group, the prevailing economic
     environment and the market trend.

     The remuneration payable to directors and members of senior management by band are set out in the notes to the consolidated
     financial statements of the Company’s 2025 Annual Report.


     NOMINATION COMMITTEE

     The Company established a Nomination Committee on 20 March 2006. The major responsibilities of the Nomination Committee
     include reviewing the structure, size and composition of the Board, developing and maintaining nomination and diversity
     policies and making recommendation to the Board on matters relating to directors’ nomination, appointment or re-appointment
     and succession on regular basis. The Board has adopted written terms of reference for the Nomination Committee, which
     defined the role, authority and function of the Nomination Committee. The terms of reference are published on the websites
     of HKEx and the Company.

     During the year, one Nomination Committee meeting was held and the individual attendance of each director is set out below:

                                                                                                                    Attended/
      Name                                                                                                  Eligible to Attend
      Chan Tze Ching Ignatius (Chairman)                                                                                    1/1
      Wong Wai Ching                                                                                                        1/1
      Chan Fan                                                                                                              1/1
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025     87


                                                               Corporate Governance Report (continued)




During the meeting, the Nomination Committee reviewed the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge
and experience) of the Board; assessed the independence of the independent non-executive directors; considered Board
diversity and relevant disclosure; reviewed, considered and made recommendation to the Board on the appointment of a non-
executive director and the re-election of the retiring directors at the annual general meeting. During the year, the revised terms
of reference of the Nomination Committee was reviewed and recommended for Board approval by the Nomination Committee
by way of circulated resolutions in writing.

The Nomination Committee strives to enhance the level of Board diversity and governance when refreshing and renewing
Board membership. The Nomination Committee will continue to consider Board diversity and governance and identify suitable
candidates based on merit, skill and experience and the development of the Group in accordance with Director Nomination
Policy and Board Diversity Policy.

The Company also values diversity in its workforce and is committed to creating a free and open work environment enabling
all employees to excel at their positions regardless of gender, age or race. As at 31 December 2025, the male-to-female ratio
of the Group’s employees (including senior management) was approximately 4:1. The Group will continue to conduct its
recruitment based on the principles of diversity and equal opportunities.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties of the Company. The Board has adopted written
terms of reference for its corporate governance functions which include:

(a)    to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;

(b)    to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management;

(c)    to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

(d)    to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and
       directors; and

(e)    to review the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the Corporate Governance
       Report.

The Company understands that corporate governance is an important part of sustainable development. It is committed to
improving its governance standards and fully understands that good corporate governance is closely related to environmental,
social and governance performance. The Group is led by the Board which is responsible for formulating the Group’s overall
strategy to oversee business development, financial performance and governance effectiveness.

During the year, the Board reviewed the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the
Corporate Governance Report and considered and adopted revised Anti-Corruption Policy, revised Health and Safety Policy and
revised Code of Conduct of Suppliers.

With a view to maintaining good corporate governance, the Board has adopted various policies and has been overseeing their
effectiveness during the past years.

The Board adopted inside information disclosure policy on 14 August 2013 to ensure potential inside information is being
captured and maintained confidentiality until disclosure and disseminated properly.
88   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Corporate Governance Report (continued)




     The Board adopted Whistleblowing Policy on 25 October 2022 and revised Whistleblowing Policy on 6 March 2026 which aims
     to enable the employees of the Group and those who deal with the Group to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with
     the Company about possible improprieties in matters related to the Group, in order to help detect and deter misconduct or
     malpractice or unethical acts in the Group. The Company encourages reporting of concerns and actual or suspected misconduct
     or malpractice or unethical acts (e.g. corruption) by any employee of the Group and/or external parties in any matter related to
     the Group.

     The Board adopted Anti-corruption Policy on 25 October 2022 and revised Anti-corruption Policy on 25 April 2025 and 6 March
     2026 respectively. The Company takes a zero-tolerance approach towards all forms of bribery and corruption and is committed
     to observing and upholding high standards of business integrity, honesty, fairness, impartiality and transparency in all its
     business dealings at all times. The Company strictly prohibits any form of fraud or bribery, and is committed to prevention,
     deterrence, detection, reporting and investigation of all forms of fraud and bribery.


     AUDIT COMMITTEE

     The Company established an Audit Committee on 1 June 2005. The major responsibilities of the Audit Committee include
     reviewing the financial information of the Company, overseeing the financial reporting system and the risk management
     and internal control system of the Company, and overseeing the relationship between the Company and auditor. The Board
     has adopted written terms of reference for the Audit Committee, which defined the role, authority and function of the Audit
     Committee. The terms of reference are published on the websites of HKEx and the Company.

     During the year, four Audit Committee meetings were held and the individual attendance of each director is set out below:

                                                                                                                        Attended/
      Name                                                                                                      Eligible to Attend
      Wong Wai Ching (Chairlady)                                                                                                4/4
      Chan Tze Ching Ignatius                                                                                                   4/4
      Chan Fan                                                                                                                  4/4


     During the meetings, the Audit Committee reviewed and considered the Group’s audited accounts and Audit Committee
     Report for the year ended 31 December 2024; connected transactions report, internal audit report, 2025 unaudited quarterly
     results, unaudited accounts for the six months ended 30 June 2025 and the audit services fees in respect of the financial
     year ended 31 December 2025, and made recommendation to the Board on the re-appointment of auditor of the Company
     and the fixing of its remuneration as well as change of presentation currency for the consolidated financial statements of the
     Group. The external auditor, Ernst & Young, Hong Kong (“EY”), was invited to attend 2024 annual results meeting and 2025
     unaudited third quarter results meeting and discussed audit plan for 2025 Group results with the Audit Committee. During the
     year, a compliance management report and a risk management report were reviewed by the Audit Committee, and proposed
     non-assurance service provided by EY was reviewed and approved by the Audit Committee, by way of circulated resolutions
     in writing.

     During the year, the Company conducted a review and considered that the Company maintained adequate qualified accountants
     to oversee its accounting and financial reporting function and other accounting related issues in accordance with the relevant
     laws, rules and regulations.


     AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

     The Company’s external auditor is EY. For the financial year ended 31 December 2025, the fees paid or payable to EY and other
     firms of the worldwide network of EY in respect of services provided to the Group amounted to approximately RMB12,584,000,
     including audit services fee of the Group of approximately RMB12,144,000 and non-audit services fee of approximately
     RMB440,000. The non-audit fees included tax services and other services for ad hoc projects.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025     89


                                                                Corporate Governance Report (continued)




SUSTAINABILITY COMMITTEE

The Company established a Sustainability Committee on 25 March 2020. The major responsibilities of the Sustainability
Committee include monitoring and reviewing the sustainability goals, priorities and policies, reviewing the Group’s risk appetite,
tolerance and strategy, reviewing and assessing sustainability performance and risks of the Group, and considering and making
recommendation to the Board on sustainability reporting and assurance. The Board has adopted written terms of reference
for the Sustainability Committee, which defined the role, authority and function of the Sustainability Committee. The terms of
reference are published on the websites of HKEx and the Company.

During the year, two Sustainability Committee meetings were held and the individual attendance of each director is set out
below:

                                                                                                                     Attended/
 Name                                                                                                        Eligible to Attend
 Wang Xiaoguang (Chairman)                                                                                                    2/2
 Zhang Haipeng                                                                                                                2/2
 Wong Wai Ching                                                                                                               2/2
 Chan Tze Ching Ignatius                                                                                                      2/2
 Chan Fan                                                                                                                     2/2


During the meetings, the Sustainability Committee considered and made recommendation to the Board on the framework
and the contents of sustainability report of the Company, revised Anti-Corruption Policy, revised Health and Safety Policy and
revised Code of Conduct of Suppliers. During the year, the appointments and fees of external independent consultants of the
Company were reviewed and approved by the Sustainability Committee by way of circulated resolutions in writing.


EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE

The Company established an Executive Committee on 25 April 2025. The major responsibilities of the Executive Committee
include reviewing, approving and dealing with bank loans and facilities, debt financing matters, projects occurring in the ordinary
course of business of the Company and any other matters authorized by the Board. The Board has adopted written terms of
reference for the Executive Committee, which defined the role, authority and function of the Executive Committee.

For the period from 25 April 2025 to 31 December 2025, twenty-seven Executive Committee meetings were held. During the
meetings, the Executive Committee reviewed and approved various bank loans and facilities, provision of corporate guarantees
and projects occurring in the ordinary course of business of the Company.


DIRECTORS’ SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted a model code for securities transactions by directors and relevant employees (the “Securities
Code”) on terms no less exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
of Listed Issuers set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules. Directors and relevant employees of the Company are required
to comply with the Securities Code. Reminders are sent to directors and relevant employees that they should not deal in the
securities of the Company during the “black-out-period” specified in the Securities Code and before publishing any inside
information announcement. Directors and relevant employees are required to notify the Company and obtained a dated written
acknowledgement before dealing in the securities of the Company. After making enquiries by the Company, all directors and
relevant employees confirmed that they have complied with the Securities Code during the year.
90   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Corporate Governance Report (continued)




     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

     It is the responsibility of the Board to present a balanced, clear and comprehensible assessment of the Company’s performance,
     position and prospects.

     The management provided sufficient explanation and information to the Board to enable the Board to make an informed
     assessment of the financial and other information put before the Board for approval.

     The directors acknowledge that they are responsible for preparing accounts for each financial period which give a true and fair
     view of the state of affairs of the Group. In preparing the accounts for the year ended 31 December 2025, the directors have
     selected appropriate accounting policies and applied them consistently; made judgements and estimates that are prudent and
     reasonable; and prepared accounts on a going concern basis.

     The reporting responsibilities of EY, the external auditor of the Company, are stated in the Independent Auditor’s Report of the
     2025 Annual Report.

     The Board presents a balanced, clear and comprehensible assessment on annual and interim reports, inside information
     announcements and other financial disclosures required under the Listing Rules, and reports to regulators as well as discloses
     information required to be disclosed pursuant to statutory requirements. The Board confirmed that the Company has an
     effective process for financial reporting and Listing Rules compliance.


     COMPANY SECRETARY

     The company secretary supports the chairman, Board and Board committees by ensuring good information flow and Board
     policies and procedures are followed. The company secretary is an employee of the Company and is appointed by the Board.
     The company secretary reports to the chairman and all directors may call upon him for advice and assistance at any time in
     respect of his duties.

     During the year, the company secretary of the Company attended sufficient professional training as required under Rule 3.29
     of the Listing Rules.


     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

     The Board is responsible for the Company’s risk management and internal control system. The Company reviewed the
     effectiveness of its risk management and internal control system and considered the system is effective and adequate. The
     Company ensures that the system can withstand changes in its operation and the external environment in respect of strategic
     risk, financial risk, operational risk, compliance risk and sustainability risk, and mitigate the Company’s risk exposure so as to
     safeguard the shareholders’ investment and the Company’s assets. Risk management and internal control system is designed
     to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not
     absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025     91


                                                               Corporate Governance Report (continued)




The Company recognises that risk management is the responsibility of all of our people. The Company has established an
organisation structure with defined levels of responsibility which facilitates the Company to assign roles and responsibilities at
strategic level and operational level of risk management clearly. It makes the Company’s process used to identify, assess and
manage risks effectively. The Board is responsible for determining the business strategies and objectives of the Company, and
evaluating and determining the nature and extent of risk it is willing to take in achieving the Company’s strategy and objective.
The Board oversees management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management and internal control
system. Executive directors review the change in the nature and extent of the Company’s significant risks from time to time,
and the Company’s ability to respond to change in its business and external environment. Senior management is responsible
for evaluating, managing and reviewing potential risks. Ensuring the Company’s risks be managed properly, it communicates,
consulates and provides guidance to business segment. Senior management is also responsible to track progress of mitigation
plan of material risks. Business segment is responsible to identify, analyse and evaluate potential operational risk. It monitors
and implements mitigating activity to minimise the operational risk.

The Company’s Risk and Compliance Management Committee focuses on strategic risk, market risk, financial risk, operational
risk and legal risk of the Company. The Committee is supervised by the Chief Executive Officer and comprises of members of
senior management. The Committee aims to continually identify and strengthen the risk management of the Company, and
build up a risk aware and control conscious culture throughout the Company. Departmental reports and periodical reports are
submitted to the Risk and Compliance Management Committee for review.

The Company’s Audit Department reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal
control system. The Audit Department is independent of all business segment and is directly responsible for the chairman or
chief executive officer of the Company so as to ensure the neutrality of control. It adopts a risk-based approach and control-
based approach, operates on an on-going basis and covers all major operations of the Company on a rotational basis. It sets
audit planning yearly, and focus on auditing business segments’ financial management, operation management and internal
control. It assists business segment to implement risk management and better its system. The Audit Department reports and
makes recommendation to the chairman or chief executive officer of the Company if there is material system deficiency or
control weakness identified. It records the results and reports to the Audit Committee.

Executive directors and senior management convene meetings periodically to evaluate and review potential risks. In respect of
identified risks, they make remedial action plan and promptly follow up to ensure that risks are properly managed and defects
are mitigated. Through division of works and periodic meetings, the Company is informed of material risks which may affect
the performance regularly.

The Audit Department presents at least one consolidated summary report to the Audit Committee annually. The consolidated
summary report covers any significant control failure or weakness identified during the year (including impact). The Audit
Department member attends Audit Committee meeting at least once a year; and reports its works during the year to the Audit
Committee members. The Risk and Compliance Management Committee presents to the Audit Committee annually a risk
management report. The report covers risk management status, potential major risks in the future and corresponding control
measures.

The Company establishes a holistic risk management and internal control system. It requires each business segment to adopt
its own risk management and internal control system based on its local business environment and review and evaluate the
effectiveness of the system on a continuous basis to ensure its effectiveness. The Audit Department performs on-going
monitoring on each main business segment, and evaluates the procedure and action of its risk management and internal
control system to enhance the quality and effectiveness.
92   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Corporate Governance Report (continued)




     During the year, the Audit Department inspected, investigated and assessed several subsidiaries of the Group. It reviewed and
     assessed their systems on investment and operation management; contracting and cost management; financial management;
     administrative management, etc. It issued independent and objective internal audit report with recommendation to the
     chairman or chief executive officer of the Company and relevant business segments to improve deficiencies. Corrective
     actions were taken on findings and no significant control failure which might affect shareholders’ interests was identified.
     Amongst them, in order to further improving and monitoring the quality of the Group’s risk management and internal control
     system, the Audit Department performed economic responsibility audit on the senior management of several subsidiaries,
     comprehensive management audit on several subsidiaries and investment projects, and financial revenue and expenditure
     audit as well as risk management and internal control audit on insurance business. The Audit Department also reviewed the
     Group’s continuing connected transactions for the year ended 31 December 2025 and confirmed that the transactions were
     conducted in accordance with the pricing policies and framework agreements; and on normal commercial terms. A continuing
     connected transactions report was prepared by the Audit Department and reported to the Audit Committee.

     The Company considered that the risk management and internal control system has adequacy of resources, staff qualifications
     and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial reporting function.
     The Company will continue to conduct a review of the effectiveness of its risk management and internal control system at least
     once a year. The review covers all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance controls.


     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

     Convening of Extraordinary General Meeting on Requisition by Shareholders
     The Board may whenever it thinks fit call extraordinary general meetings. Any one or more shareholders holding at the date of
     deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general
     meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Secretary of the Company,
     to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such
     requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such
     deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself/herself (themselves) may do so in
     the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be
     reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.


     Procedures for Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings by Shareholders
     There are no provisions allowing shareholders to propose new resolutions at general meetings under the Cayman Islands
     Companies Laws or the Articles of Association of the Company. Shareholders who wish to propose a resolution may request
     the Company to convene a general meeting following the procedures set out in the preceding paragraph.

     The procedures for appointment, election and removal of directors are published on the website of the Company.


     Procedures for Directing Shareholders’ Enquiries to the Board
     The annual report and the Company’s website provide the contact details of the Company. Shareholders may at any time
     send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing. Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the general
     meetings of the Company.


     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS

     The Board has adopted Shareholders’ Communication Policy on 30 March 2012 and revised Shareholders’ Communication
     Policy on 25 October 2022 which sets out the various channels and platforms adopted by the Company to communicate with
     the shareholders. The Company believes that effective communication with its shareholders is essential for ensuring that
     shareholders are provided with timely access to important information about the Company, including its financial performance,
     strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile, in order to enable shareholders to exercise their
     rights in an informed manner.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     93


                                                              Corporate Governance Report (continued)




The Company has established various communication channels with shareholders including general meetings, annual report
and interim report, notice, announcement and circular. In addition, the Company updates its website (www.csci.com.hk) from
time to time to keep the shareholders updated information of the Company’s recent development. Investors’ presentations are
also published on the Company’s website for all stakeholders’ perusal. For any queries, shareholders may send their enquiries
to Tricor Investor Services Limited, the branch share registrar of the Company in Hong Kong, by email at is-enquiries@vistra.
com or to the Corporate Finance Department of the Company by email at csci.ir@cohl.com.

General meeting is a main channel of communication between directors and shareholders. During the year of 2025, the
Company held one general meeting by electronic means where shareholders were allowed to raise questions through online
meeting system, and the Board would answer questions in a timely manner after receiving them.

An AGM was held on 13 June 2025. The notice of meeting, the Company’s annual report and the circular containing information
on the proposed resolutions were published on the websites of HKEx and the Company more than 20 clear business days
prior to the meeting. Members of the Board were available to answer questions from the shareholders at the meeting. At the
meeting, separate resolution was proposed by the chairman of the meeting in respect of each substantially separate issue
and voting on each resolution was conducted by poll. The results of the poll were published on the websites of HKEx and the
Company on the same date of the meeting.

The Board considered that the implementation of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy is effective.

During the year, there was no amendment to the memorandum and articles of association of the Company.


INVESTOR RELATIONS

The Company has been striving to maintain high transparency and communications with shareholders and investors through
diversified communication channels. The Company holds press conferences and analyst briefing sessions from time to time to
provide the latest business information of the Company to investors. The latest data and information of the Group are published
on the website of the Company (www.csci.com.hk) so that shareholders, investors and the public can obtain the information
about the Company in a timely manner.

Hong Kong, 26 March 2026
94   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     DIRECTORS’
     REPORT

     The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) present their report together with the audited consolidated financial statements
     of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2025.


     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND GEOGRAPHICAL ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS

     The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and providing corporate management services. The activities of its
     principal subsidiaries are set out in the audited consolidated financial statements.

     The performance of the Group for the year by segments is set out in the audited consolidated financial statements.


     RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the audited consolidated financial statements.

     An interim dividend of HK34 cents per share amounting to approximately HK$1,795,954,000 was paid to the shareholders of
     the Company on 10 October 2025. The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) recommended the payment of a final
     dividend of HK28.5 cents per share to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on Thursday, 18
     June 2026, amounting to approximately HK$1,505,432,000. Subject to the approval of the shareholders of the Company at the
     forthcoming annual general meeting, the final dividend will be payable on or about Friday, 10 July 2026.


     DIVIDEND POLICY

     The dividend policy of the Company is to allow shareholders of the Company to participate in the profits of the Group whilst
     retaining adequate reserves for its future growth. Subject to compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and the articles
     of association of the Company, in deciding whether to propose any dividend payout, the Board will take into account, among
     other things, financial results, cash flow situation, business conditions and strategies, future operations and earnings, capital
     requirements and expenditure plans, interests of shareholders, any restrictions on payment of dividends and any other factors
     that the Board may consider relevant.


     BUSINESS REVIEW AND PERFORMANCE

     The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out in the sections headed“Chairman’s
     Statement”, “Management Discussion and Analysis” and “Business Review” of the 2025 Annual Report of the Company.

     The environmental and social matters of the Group together with an account of the key relationships with its employees,
     customers and suppliers for the year ended 31 December 2025 are set out in the 2025 Sustainability Report of the Company,
     which is published on the websites of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company on the same date as
     that of the publication of 2025 Annual Report of the Company. The Company complied with all the provisions set out in the
     Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide.


     MAJOR RISK MANAGEMENT

     Under the internal control and risk management framework of the Group, the Risk Management Control Committee identifies
     major risks in each operation segment, assesses its likely impact and evaluates the risk in order to develop effective control
     activities to mitigate the risks. The Group established a more detailed project risk rating system, and discussed and supervised
     implementation at regular monthly management meetings to ensure that operational risks are within controllable limits. Other
     than the financial risk management policies of the Group set out in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis”
     of the 2025 Annual Report of the Company, the Group was also exposed to major risks including construction risk, infrastructure
     investment risk, overseas business risk and compliance risk.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025     95


                                                                                   Directors’ Report (continued)




(1)    Construction risk
       The Group was exposed to construction risk in relation to technology, costs, duration of works, environmental
       protection and safety involved in the construction business. The Group monitored and evaluated the price of key
       materials regularly, conducted timely analyses and made bold decisions. With effective cooperation between tender,
       procurement, construction and other departments, the Group kept updating the procurement plans and efficiently
       controlled the scale and procedures of procurement in line with construction progress. The Group controlled its material
       cost of tender projects through centralised procurement and mitigated price risk by setting fixed unit price for auxiliary
       materials. As for special construction process and materials, the construction defects risk and price risk had been shifted
       to the sub-contractors who are responsible for assigned works with material supply. Materials involving significant
       safety and social influence were managed by the Group directly so as to strictly control the quality risks. Under the
       unique management model of “5+3” (i.e. coordinated management by the five elements of safety, environmental
       protection, quality, progress and cost, and the three systems of flow guarantee system, procedure guarantee system
       and liability guarantee system), the Group was able to control the construction risks efficiently.


(2)    Infrastructure investment risk
       In respect of the infrastructure investment business, the Group carried out comprehensive risk control regarding the
       whole cycle towards project development, implementation, buy-back and operation. For new development projects,
       the Group adhered to the selection criteria, conducted thorough researches, investigation and strict decision making
       processes to control the investment risks from scratch. For projects in progress, the Group monitored project progress
       and quality along with the implementation of the buy-back guarantee conditions. In respect of the forthcoming buy-
       back projects, the Group conducted preparation works in advance to ensure the recovery of investments as planned.
       For operating projects, the Group focused on safety management and proactively communicated with the government
       authorities for favorable policy terms.


(3)    Overseas business risk
       The Group undertook various projects overseas and hence was exposed to certain overseas political and regulatory
       risks. The Group had taken initiative to review cautiously the overseas operations and focused its resources on the
       exploration of core cities in order to avoid political and regulatory risks.


(4)    Compliance risk
       The Group paid high attention to the enactment and amendment of laws and regulations of each operation region which
       may cause legal risks to the business of the Group and reviewed the compliance status of relevant business of the
       Group in a timely manner to ensure that all business operations are in compliance with laws and regulations.


COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The construction industry is regulated by the local authorities in which the business units operate. In general, contractors must
comply with certain requirements mandated by the applicable laws and regulations and may be required to obtain permits or
licences in order to carry on certain businesses such as general contracting, façade contracting, design and manufacturing, and
construction supervision in certain countries or regions. Apart from the specific laws and regulations, the Group is also subject
to the general laws and regulations governing the environment, employment, anti-competition and anti-corruption regardless
of its nature of business.

In addition, the Company, as a listed company, is subject to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”), the Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs and the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong).
96   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Directors’ Report (continued)




     The Group seeks to ensure compliance with all relevant laws and regulations through various measures such as internal
     controls and approval procedures, trainings and oversight of various business units with the designated resources at different
     levels of the Group.

     As far as the Board is aware, the Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact on
     the Group in all material respects throughout the year ended 31 December 2025.


     CHARITABLE DONATIONS

     Charitable donations made by the Group during the year amounted to approximately RMB11,203,000.


     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

     Details of investment properties of the Group are set out in the audited consolidated financial statements.


     SHARE CAPITAL

     Details of the share capital of the Company during the year are set out in note 40 to the audited consolidated financial
     statements.

     On 14 March 2025, the Company allotted and issued 244,600,000 ordinary shares of the Company under the general mandate
     granted to the directors of the Company pursuant to a Subscription Agreement dated 11 March 2025 (details of which are set
     out in the announcements of the Company dated 11 March 2025 and 14 March 2025 respectively). Accordingly, the total issued
     share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2025 was 5,282,216,668 ordinary shares of HK$0.025 each.


     SHARE PREMIUM AND RESERVES

     Details of movements during the year in the share premium and reserves of the Group are set out in the audited consolidated
     financial statements.


     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

     Distributable reserves of the Company as at 31 December 2025 amounted to approximately RMB20,005,513,000.


     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENT

     No equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing shares nor require the Company to enter into
     any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing shares were entered into by the Company during the year or
     subsisted at the end of the year.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025     97


                                                                                  Directors’ Report (continued)




PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the articles of association of the Company and the laws of Cayman Islands,
being the jurisdiction in which the Company is incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata
basis to existing shareholders.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the shareholders of the Company by reason of their
holding of the securities of the Company.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the past five financial years is set out in the section headed
“Five Year Financial Summary” of the 2025 Annual Report of the Company.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF THE GROUP

Issue of Listed Securities
During the year, a subsidiary of the Company completed the public issuance of the following listed securities which were
issued and listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market. The net proceeds, after deducting relevant fees and commission,
amounted to approximately RMB11,500 million and were used by the subsidiaries of the Company to repay corporate debts
and as general working capital:

                                                                                       Principal
                                                                                       Amount         Coupon
                                                                                          (RMB           Rate
 Issue Date                      Securities                                             million)   per annum         Maturity
 9 January 2025                  Super short-term commercial papers                       1,000         1.67%         77 days
 10 January 2025                 Medium-term notes                                        2,000         1.83%         3 years
 29 May 2025                     Super short-term commercial papers                       1,000         1.64%        119 days
 30 May 2025                     Super short-term commercial papers                       1,500         1.64%        119 days
 16 July 2025                    Super short-term commercial papers                       1,000         1.50%        166 days
 8 August 2025                   Medium-term notes                                        2,000         1.81%         3 years
 17 September 2025               Super short-term commercial papers                       1,000         1.53%         71 days
 18 September 2025               Super short-term commercial papers                       2,000         1.53%         70 days
98   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




     Directors’ Report (continued)




     Redemption of Listed Securities
     During the year, a subsidiary of the Company redeemed all the following outstanding securities which were issued and listed
     on the China Inter-bank Bond Market upon their maturity:

                                                                                        Principal
                                                                                        Amount         Coupon
                                                                                           (RMB           Rate
      Redemption Date                 Securities                                         million)   per annum        Maturity
      28 March 2025                   Super short-term commercial papers issued on          1,000        1.67%         77 days
                                        9 January 2025
      2 April 2025                    Medium-term notes issued on 31 March 2022               960        2.98%        3 years
      27 April 2025                   Medium-term notes issued on 25 April 2022             1,500        3.09%        3 years
      19 August 2025                  Medium-term notes issued on 17 August 2022            1,040        2.70%        3 years
      26 September 2025               Super short-term commercial papers issued on          1,000        1.64%       119 days
                                        29 May 2025
      26 September 2025               Super short-term commercial papers issued on          1,500        1.64%       119 days
                                        30 May 2025
      28 November 2025                Super short-term commercial papers issued on          1,000        1.53%         71 days
                                        17 September 2025
      28 November 2025                Super short-term commercial papers issued on          2,000        1.53%         70 days
                                        18 September 2025
      30 December 2025                Super short-term commercial papers issued on          1,000        1.50%       166 days
                                        16 July 2025


     Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed
     securities of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2025.


     DIRECTORS

     The Directors during the year and up to the date of this report were:


     Chairman and Executive Director
     Mr. Zhang Haipeng


     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Yan Jianguo
     Mr. Ye Nan (appointed with effect from 22 March 2025)


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Wang Xiaoguang (Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. Hung Cheung Shew


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Ms. Wong Wai Ching
     Mr. Chan Tze Ching Ignatius
     Mr. Chan Fan
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025     99


                                                                                  Directors’ Report (continued)




Pursuant to articles 87(1) and 87(2) of the articles of association of the Company, Mr. Zhang Haipeng, Mr. Wang Xiaoguang and
Mr. Hung Cheung Shew will retire by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and, all being eligible,
have offered themselves for re-election.

The Directors’ biographical information is set out in the section headed “Directors and Organisation” of the 2025 Annual Report
of the Company.

Information regarding Directors’ emoluments is set out in the audited consolidated financial statements.


CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors confirmation of his/her independence
pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and still considers such Directors independent.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract which is not determinable
by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation). All Directors (including
non-executive Directors) are subject to retirement from office and re-election at the annual general meeting of the Company in
accordance with the articles of association of the Company.


DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
CONTRACTS
No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance in relation to the business of the Group to which the Company or any of
its subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent company was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether
directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES
As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company and their
respective associates in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and any of its associated corporations
(within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong) (the “SFO”))
as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”) were as follows:
100   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Directors’ Report (continued)




      (a)    Long positions in shares of the Company

                                                                                                            Number of               Approximate
                                                                                                              ordinary               % of shares
               Name of director                   Capacity                                                 shares held                in issue(Note)
               Zhang Haipeng                      Personal interest/beneficial owner                             50,000                      0.0009
               Wang Xiaoguang                     Personal interest/beneficial owner                             30,000                      0.0006
               Hung Cheung Shew                   Personal interest/beneficial owner                            591,584                        0.01
               Chan Tze Ching Ignatius            Personal interest/beneficial owner                            200,000                       0.004


             Note:


             The percentage was calculated based on the total number of ordinary shares of the Company (“Shares”) in issue as at 31 December 2025 (i.e.
             5,282,216,668 Shares).


      (b)    Long positions in shares of associated corporations of the Company
             (i)     China Overseas Land & Investment Limited (“COLI”)

                                                                                                                Number of    Approximate%
                                                                                                                  ordinary      of shares in
                       Name of director                     Capacity                                           shares held issue of COLI(Note 1)
                       Hung Cheung Shew                     Personal interest/beneficial owner                         7,095                 0.0001

                       Chan Tze Ching Ignatius              Personal interest/beneficial owner                      100,000                  0.0009


             (ii)    China State Construction Development Holdings Limited (“CSCD”)

                                                                                                                Number of    Approximate%
                                                                                                                  ordinary       of shares in
                       Name of director                     Capacity                                           shares held issue of CSCD (Note 2)
                       Zhang Haipeng                        Personal interest/beneficial owner                    4,100,000                     0.18

                       Wang Xiaoguang                       Personal interest/beneficial owner                    4,100,000                     0.18
                                                            Interest of spouse                                    1,080,000                     0.05

                       Hung Cheung Shew                     Personal interest/beneficial owner                       30,000                   0.001


             (iii)   China Overseas Property Holdings Limited (“COPL”)

                                                                                                                Number of    Approximate%
                                                                                                                  ordinary       of shares in
                       Name of director                     Capacity                                           shares held issue of COPL(Note 3)
                       Hung Cheung Shew                     Personal interest/beneficial owner                         2,365                 0.0001
                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025     101


                                                                                                   Directors’ Report (continued)




                  Notes:


                  1.       The percentage was calculated based on the total number of ordinary shares of COLI in issue as at 31 December 2025 (i.e.
                           10,944,883,535 shares).


                  2.       The percentage was calculated based on the total number of ordinary shares of CSCD in issue as at 31 December 2025 (i.e.
                           2,255,045,000 shares).


                  3.       The percentage was calculated based on the total number of ordinary shares of COPL in issue as at 31 December 2025 (i.e.
                           3,283,960,460 shares).


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company or their respective
associates had any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

Save as disclosed above, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2025 was the Company, its holding company, or any
of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of
acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate. Save as disclosed above, during the year
ended 31 December 2025, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company (including their spouses and children
under the age of 18) had any interests in or was granted any right to subscribe for the securities of the Company or any of its
associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), or had exercised any such rights.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’/OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the substantial shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of
the Company (other than Directors and chief executive of the Company) and other persons in the shares or underlying shares
of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, or as
otherwise notified to the Company, were as follows:


Long positions of substantial shareholders in the shares of the Company

                                                                                                            Number of         Approximate%
    Name of shareholder                              Capacity                                              Shares held of Shares in issue (Note 1)
    China Overseas Holdings Limited                  Beneficial owner/Interest of a                    3,264,976,136                        61.81
      (“COHL”)                                         controlled corporation(Note 2)

    China State Construction Engineering             Interest of a controlled                          3,264,976,136                        61.81
      Corporation Limited (“CSCECL”)                   corporation(Note 3)

    中國建築集團有限公司                                       Interest of a controlled                          3,264,976,136                        61.81
    (China State Construction Engineering              corporation(Note 4)
      Corporation*) (“CSCEC”)


*        The English name is a translation from its Chinese name and is for identification purpose only.
102   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Directors’ Report (continued)




      Long positions of other persons in the shares of the Company

                                                                                                               Number of        Approximate%
       Name of shareholder                                Capacity                                            Shares held of Shares in issue (Note 1)
       China Orient Asset Management                      Interest of a controlled corporation                423,824,000                           8.02
         (International) Holding Limited

       GIC Private Limited                                Investment manager                                  369,346,547                           6.99


      Notes:


      1.       The percentages were calculated based on the total number of ordinary shares of the Company (“Shares”) in issue as at 31 December 2025 (i.e.
               5,282,216,668 Shares).


      2.       Amongst the total number of 3,264,976,136 Shares held by COHL, 3,146,188,492 Shares were held as beneficial owner while the balance of
               118,787,644 Shares were interests of its controlled corporation.


      3.       COHL was a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of CSCECL, thus CSCECL was deemed to be interested in 3,264,976,136 Shares directly and
               indirectly owned by COHL under the SFO.


      4.       CSCECL was approximately 57.70% held by CSCEC, thus CSCEC was deemed to be interested in 3,264,976,136 Shares indirectly owned by
               CSCECL under the SFO.


      Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, no other person (other than Directors and chief executive of the Company)
      had any interest or short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to
      be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company.


      MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

      No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
      Company were entered into or existed during the year.


      MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

      During the year, sales to the five largest customers of the Group accounted for less than 30% of the total sales of the Group
      for the year.

      During the year, purchases from the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for less than 30% of the total purchases of
      the Group for the year.

      At no time during the year did a Director, a close associate of a Director or a shareholder of the Company (which to the
      knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company) have an interest in any of the five
      largest customers or suppliers of the Group.


      CONNECTED AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      Details of connected transactions are set out in the section headed “Connected Transactions” of the 2025 Annual Report of
      the Company. The related party transactions are disclosed in the audited consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025     103


                                                                                    Directors’ Report (continued)




PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the date of
this report, there is sufficient public float of the issued shares of the Company as required under the Listing Rules.


DIRECTORS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

Pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules, during the year and up to the date of this report, Mr. Zhang Haipeng, the Chairman
and executive Director and Mr. Yan Jianguo, non-executive Director, held directorship in the Company’s holding company and/
or its subsidiaries which are engaged in construction, property development, property management and related businesses.

The Board operates independently of the boards of directors of the above-mentioned companies. With the presence of
independent non-executive Directors in the Board, the Group is capable of carrying on its business independently of, and at
arm’s length from, the businesses of these companies.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

Pursuant to the articles of association of the Company, subject to the statutes, every Director shall be entitled to be indemnified
out of the assets and profits of the Company against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and expenses which he may
sustain or incur in the execution of his duty, or supposed duty, or in relation thereto, provided that such indemnity does not
extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty by such Director. The Company has maintained directors and officers
liability insurance during the year.


EMOLUMENT POLICY

The emolument policy of the employees of the Group was approved by the Remuneration Committee. The remuneration of
employees was determined in accordance with individual’s responsibility, competence and skills, experience, performance and
market pay level.

The emoluments of the executive Directors are determined by the Remuneration Committee, having regard to the operating
results of the Company, individual performance and comparable market trend. The emoluments of the independent non-
executive Directors are in line with market practice. No individual should determine his/her own remuneration.


RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEME
With effect from 1 December 2000, the Group has joined a mandatory provident fund scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) for all
employees in Hong Kong. The MPF Scheme is registered with the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority under the
Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in
funds under the control of an independent trustee. Under the MPF Scheme, the employer and its employees are each required
to make contributions to the MPF Scheme at rates specified in the rules. The employees of the subsidiaries of the Company
established in the Chinese mainland are required to participate in a state-managed retirement scheme operated by the PRC
government. These subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of payroll costs to the retirement scheme. The
only obligation of the Group with respect to these schemes is to make the required contributions under these schemes. During
the year, the Group made contribution to the retirement schemes amounting to approximately RMB459,564,000. No forfeited
contributions under these schemes is available to reduce the contribution payable in future years.
104   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Directors’ Report (continued)




      AUDITOR

      Ernst & Young (“EY”) has acted as auditor of the Company for the past three years. EY will retire and, being eligible, offer itself
      for re-appointment as auditor of the Company.

      A resolution to re-appoint EY as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the
      Company.




      On behalf of the Board
      China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Zhang Haipeng
      Chairman and Executive Director

      Hong Kong, 26 March 2026
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025     105



                                                                                         CONNECTED
                                                                                      TRANSACTIONS

A.   CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS UNDER THE LISTING RULES

     A.1   Factoring Arrangement with 中建商業保理有限公司(China Construction Commercial
           Factoring Company Limited*) (“CCCF”) regarding 温州海新建設發展有限公司(Wenzhou Haixin
           Construction Development Co., Ltd.*) (“Wenzhou Haixin”)
           On 30 May 2025, 中建國際投資集團有限公司(China State Construction International Investments Limited*)
           (“CSC International Investments”) (an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of China State Construction International
           Holdings Limited (the “Company”)) entered into Factoring Arrangement, pursuant to which, on the same date,
           CSC International Investments (1) entered into Account Receivable Transfer Contracts with Wenzhou Haixin;
           and (2) entered into Factoring Contracts with CCCF, in respect of transfer of Account Receivables to CCCF
           for granting of (a) account receivable factoring service in a principal sum of RMB260 million at a discount rate
           of 95.1% to CSC International Investments for a term of not exceeding 12 months from the drawdown date
           under Factoring Contract 1, and (b) account receivable factoring service in a principal sum of RMB230 million
           at a discount rate of 95.1% to CSC International Investments for a term of not exceeding 12 months from the
           drawdown date under Factoring Contract 2 (the “Wenzhou Haixin Transaction”).

           The considerations of the Account Receivables under the Account Receivable Transfer Contracts were
           determined on arm’s length negotiations between CSC International Investments and Wenzhou Haixin with
           reference to, among other things, the book values of the Account Receivables, the repayment periods of the
           Account Receivables, the terms of the Factoring Contracts and the credit worthiness of 温州市鹿城區國有控股
           集團有限公司(Wenzhou Lucheng District State-owned Holding Group Co., Ltd.*) (the “Debtor”).

           The considerations of the Account Receivables under the Factoring Contracts were determined on arm’s length
           negotiations between CSC International Investments and CCCF with reference to, among other things, the
           book values of the Account Receivables, the repayment periods of the Account Receivables, the terms of the
           Factoring Contracts and the credit worthiness of the Debtor.

           The Wenzhou Haixin Transaction together with the connected transactions as stipulated in the announcements
           of the Company dated 28 June 2024 and 6 December 2024 were related and to be completed within a 12-month
           period. Accordingly, these transactions were aggregated and treated as if they were one transaction, and the
           aggregate figures of the aggregate transactions were used for calculating the applicable percentage ratios.

           As all the applicable percentage ratios in respect of the aggregate transactions exceeded 0.1% but were less
           than 5%, the Wenzhou Haixin Transaction itself or the aggregate transactions were subject to reporting and
           announcement requirements but exempted from shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the
           Listing Rules.

           An announcement containing details of the Wenzhou Haixin Transaction was made on 30 May 2025.
106   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Connected Transactions (continued)




             A.2    Factoring Arrangement with CCCF regarding 湖州海創建設有限公司 (Huzhou Haichuang
                    Construction Co., Ltd.*) (“Huzhou Haichuang”)
                    On 20 August 2025, CSC International Investments entered into Factoring Arrangement, pursuant to which,
                    on the same date, CSC International Investments (1) entered into Account Receivable Transfer Contract with
                    Huzhou Haichuang; and (2) entered into Factoring Contract with CCCF, in respect of transfer of Account
                    Receivable to CCCF for granting of account receivable factoring service in a principal sum of RMB200 million
                    at a discount rate of 92.8% to CSC International Investments for a term of not exceeding 18 months from the
                    drawdown date under the Factoring Contract (the “Huzhou Transaction”).

                    The consideration of the Account Receivable under the Account Receivable Transfer Contract was determined
                    on arm’s length negotiations between CSC International Investments and Huzhou Haichuang with reference to,
                    among other things, the book value of the Account Receivable, the repayment period of the Account Receivable,
                    the terms of the Factoring Contract and the credit worthiness of 浙江湖州環太湖集團有限公司(Zhejiang Huzhou
                    Huantaihu Group Co., Ltd.*) and 湖州經開投資發展集團有限公司(Huzhou Economic Development Investment
                    Development Group Co., Ltd.*) (the “Joint Debtors”).

                    The consideration of the Account Receivable under the Factoring Contract was determined on arm’s length
                    negotiations between CSC International Investments and CCCF with reference to, among other things, the book
                    value of the Account Receivable, the repayment period of the Account Receivable, the terms of the Factoring
                    Contract and the credit worthiness of the Joint Debtors.

                    The Huzhou Transaction together with the connected transaction as stipulated in the announcement of the
                    Company dated 6 December 2024 and the Wenzhou Haixin Transaction were related and to be completed
                    within a 12-month period. Accordingly, these transactions were aggregated and treated as if they were one
                    transaction, and the aggregate figures of the aggregate transactions were used for calculating the applicable
                    percentage ratios.

                    As all the applicable percentage ratios in respect of the aggregate transactions exceeded 0.1% but were less than
                    5%, the Huzhou Transaction itself or the aggregate transactions were subject to reporting and announcement
                    requirements but exempted from shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

                    An announcement containing details of the Huzhou Transaction was made on 20 August 2025.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025    107


                                                             Connected Transactions (continued)




A.3   Factoring Arrangement with CCCF regarding 温州海勝置業有限公司(Wenzhou Haisheng Real
      Estate Co., Ltd.*) (“Wenzhou Haisheng”)
      On 19 December 2025, CSC International Investments entered into Factoring Arrangement, pursuant to which,
      on the same date, CSC International Investments (1) entered into Account Receivable Transfer Contract with
      Wenzhou Haisheng; and (2) entered into Factoring Contract with CCCF, in respect of transfer of Account
      Receivable to CCCF for granting of account receivable factoring service in a principal sum of RMB300 million
      at a discount rate of 91% to CSC International Investments for a term of not exceeding 24 months from the
      drawdown date under the Factoring Contract (the “Wenzhou Haisheng Transaction”).

      The consideration of the Account Receivable under the Account Receivable Transfer Contract was determined
      on arm’s length negotiations between CSC International Investments and Wenzhou Haisheng with reference to,
      among other things, the book value of the Account Receivable, the repayment period of the Account Receivable,
      the terms of the Factoring Contract and the credit worthiness of 温州市鹿城區國有控股集團有限公司(Wenzhou
      Lucheng District State-owned Holding Group Co., Ltd.*) (the “Debtor”).

      The consideration of the Account Receivable under the Factoring Contract was determined on arm’s length
      negotiations between CSC International Investments and CCCF with reference to, among other things, the book
      value of the Account Receivable, the repayment period of the Account Receivable, the terms of the Factoring
      Contract and the credit worthiness of the Debtor.

      The Wenzhou Haisheng Transaction together with the Wenzhou Haixin Transaction and the Huzhou Transaction
      were related and entered into within a 12-month period. Accordingly, these transactions were aggregated and
      treated as if they were one transaction, and the aggregate figures of the aggregate transactions were used for
      calculating the applicable percentage ratios.

      As all the applicable percentage ratios in respect of the aggregate transactions exceeded 0.1% but were less
      than 5%, the Wenzhou Haisheng Transaction itself or the aggregate transactions were subject to reporting and
      announcement requirements but exempted from shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the
      Listing Rules.

      An announcement containing details of the Wenzhou Haisheng Transaction was made on 19 December 2025.
108   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Connected Transactions (continued)




      B.     CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS UNDER THE LISTING RULES

             B.1    CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement (dated 20 October 2023)
                    (1 January 2024 to 31 December 2026)

                    On 20 October 2023, the Company and China State Construction Engineering Corporation Limited (“CSCECL”,
                    an intermediate holding company of the Company) entered into CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement
                    whereby (i) the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) may engage CSCECL and its subsidiaries (the
                    “CSCECL Group”) as contractors for a term of three years commenced from 1 January 2024 and ending on 31
                    December 2026. Upon successful tender, the maximum total contract sum that may be awarded by the Group
                    to the CSCECL Group under the CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement for each of the financial years
                    ended/ending 31 December 2024, 2025 and 2026 shall not exceed RMB10,000 million, RMB11,000 million and
                    RMB12,000 million respectively (the “CSCECL Construction Engagement Caps”); and (ii) the CSCECL Group
                    may engage the Group as contractors for a term of three years commenced from 1 January 2024 and ending
                    on 31 December 2026. Upon successful tender, the maximum total contract sum that may be awarded by the
                    CSCECL Group to the Group under the CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement for each of the financial
                    years ended/ending 31 December 2024, 2025 and 2026 shall not exceed RMB2,000 million, RMB2,500 million
                    and RMB3,000 million respectively (the “CSC Construction Engagement Caps”).

                    In determining the pricing terms, the Group will review the costs information maintained in its in-house
                    computer database for materials supplied and contract prices from contractors for the Group’s previous projects
                    and peripheral operation. Such information will assist the Group to conduct quantitative comparison between
                    quotations obtained from contractors and materials suppliers.

                    As each of the CSCECL Construction Engagement Caps and the CSC Construction Engagement Caps exceeded
                    5% of the applicable percentage ratios as defined under the Listing Rules, the transactions contemplated under
                    the CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement were subject to annual review, reporting, announcement
                    and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

                    An announcement containing details of the CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement was made on 20
                    October 2023 and a circular dated 14 December 2023 containing details of the CSCECL Construction Engagement
                    Agreement was despatched to the shareholders of the Company. The CSCECL Construction Engagement
                    Agreement was duly approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at an extraordinary general
                    meeting held on 3 January 2024.


             B.2    CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction Engagement Agreement (dated 20 October 2023)
                    (1 January 2024 to 31 December 2026)

                    On 20 October 2023, China States Construction Development Holdings Limited (“CSC Development”, a listed
                    subsidiary of the Company) and CSCECL entered into CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction Engagement Agreement
                    whereby the CSCECL Group may engage CSC Development and its subsidiaries (the “CSC Development
                    Group”) as its subcontractor for provision of exterior facade works to the CSCECL Group’s construction works
                    for a term of three years commenced from 1 January 2024 and ending on 31 December 2026. Upon successful
                    tender, the maximum total contract sum that may be awarded by the CSCECL Group to the CSC Development
                    Group under the CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction Engagement Agreement for each of the financial years ended/
                    ending 31 December 2024, 2025 and 2026 shall not exceed HK$1,200 million, HK$1,500 million and HK$1,500
                    million respectively (the “CSCD-CSCECL Works Caps”).

                    In determining the pricing terms, the CSC Development Group will review the costs information maintained in
                    its in-house database for materials supplied and contract prices from subcontractors for the CSC Development
                    Group’s previous projects and peripheral operation. Such information will assist the CSC Development Group
                    in implementing quantitative comparison between preliminary quotations obtained from sub-contractors and
                    materials suppliers.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025     109


                                                             Connected Transactions (continued)




      On an aggregation basis, the applicable percentage ratios as defined under the Listing Rules in respect of the
      CSCD-CSCECL Works Caps exceeded 5%. As such, the transactions contemplated under the CSCD-CSCECL
      Sub-construction Engagement Agreement were subject to annual review, reporting, announcement and
      independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      A joint announcement and a joint supplemental announcement containing details of the CSCD-CSCECL Sub-
      construction Engagement Agreement were made on 20 October 2023 and 31 October 2023 respectively, and
      a circular dated 14 December 2023 containing details of the CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction Engagement
      Agreement was despatched to the shareholders of the Company. The CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction
      Engagement Agreement was duly approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at an extraordinary
      general meeting held on 3 January 2024.


B.3   CSCD-COLI Works Framework Agreement (dated 29 April 2024)
      (1 July 2024 to 30 June 2027)

      On 29 April 2024, CSC Development and China Overseas Land & Investment Limited (“COLI”, an associate of
      the Company) entered into CSCD-COLI Works Framework Agreement whereby each of COLI and its subsidiaries
      (the “COLI Group”) and the companies which respective share capital is held as to not less than 30% and not
      more than 50% by the COLI Group which are not members of the COLI Group, and their respective subsidiaries
      from time to time (excluding China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited (“COGO”) and its subsidiaries (the
      “COGO Group”)) (the “Minority Controlled Group”) may engage the CSC Development Group for the provision
      of exterior facade works for the respective property development projects of the COLI Group and the Minority
      Controlled Group, and provision of project supervision service for the respective property development projects
      of the COLI Group and the Minority Controlled Group in the Chinese mainland from time to time for a term of
      three years commenced from 1 July 2024 and ending on 30 June 2027. Upon successful tender, the maximum
      total contract sum that may be awarded by the COLI Group and the Minority Controlled Group to the CSC
      Development Group under the CSCD-COLI Works Framework Agreement for the period from 1 July 2024 to
      31 December 2024 shall not exceed HK$505 million, for the year ended 31 December 2025 shall not exceed
      HK$110 million, for the year ending 31 December 2026 shall not exceed HK$660 million, and for the period from
      1 January 2027 to 30 June 2027 shall not exceed HK$110 million (the “CSCD-COLI Works Cap(s)”).

      As all the applicable percentage ratios in respect of the highest CSCD-COLI Works Cap were more than 0.1% but
      less than 5%, the transactions contemplated under the CSCD-COLI Works Framework Agreement were subject
      to annual review, reporting and announcement requirements but exempted from independent shareholders’
      approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      A joint announcement containing details of the CSCD-COLI Works Framework Agreement was made on 29
      April 2024.
110   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Connected Transactions (continued)




             B.4    CSCECL Framework Agreement (dated 4 November 2024)
                    (1 January 2025 to 31 December 2027)

                    On 4 November 2024, the Company and CSCECL entered into CSCECL Framework Agreement whereby the
                    parties agree that they (or their respective subsidiaries) may cooperate to enter into government or public
                    sector contracts, or contracts for large-scale construction with single contract sum of exceeding HK$2 billion
                    awarded by tender (“Construction Main Contracts”) as joint venture main contractor for a term of three years
                    commenced from 1 January 2025 and ending on 31 December 2027. It is expected that the award of the
                    Construction Main Contracts will generally be subject to a tendering process or such other prescribed contract
                    award process as may be implemented by the relevant third-party developer/owner client in order to determine
                    the contract sum of the relevant Construction Main Contracts. Upon successful tender, the maximum total
                    contract sum that may be awarded jointly to the Company and CSCECL (or their respective subsidiaries) as joint
                    venture main contractor for the financial year ended 31 December 2025 shall not exceed HK$28,000 million, for
                    the financial year ending 31 December 2026 shall not exceed HK$30,000 million and for the financial year ending
                    31 December 2027 shall not exceed HK$32,000 million (the “CSCECL Annual Caps”).

                    In assessing the tender or contract award documents, the Group or the CSCECL Group will take into account
                    factors including the technical requirements, quantity specifications, expected completion time, customer’s
                    expectations and possible risk factors associated with the Construction Main Contract.

                    As the CSCECL Annual Caps exceeded 5% of the applicable percentage ratios as defined under the Listing
                    Rules, the transactions contemplated under the CSCECL Framework Agreement were subject to annual review,
                    reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the
                    Listing Rules.

                    An announcement containing details of the CSCECL Framework Agreement was made on 4 November 2024 and
                    a circular dated 29 November 2024 containing details of the CSCECL Framework Agreement was despatched to
                    the shareholders of the Company. The CSCECL Framework Agreement was duly approved by the independent
                    shareholders of the Company at an extraordinary general meeting held on 18 December 2024.


             B.5    Financial Services Agreement (dated 6 December 2022)
                    (1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025)
                    New Financial Services Agreement (dated 17 December 2025)
                    (1 January 2026 to 31 December 2028)

                    On 6 December 2022, the Company and 中建財務有限公司 (China State Construction Finance Limited*)
                    (“CSCF”, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of CSCECL) entered into Financial Services Agreement whereby CSCF
                    agreed to provide the Group with a) deposit services, b) loan services, c) bill acceptance and discount services,
                    and d) other financial services on a non-exclusive basis for a term of three years commenced from 1 January
                    2023 and ended on 31 December 2025. Each of the maximum daily deposit balance (including interests accrued
                    thereon) of the aggregated deposits placed by the Group with CSCF and the aggregate transaction amount
                    of bill acceptance and discount services provided by CSCF to the Group shall not exceed RMB1,200 million
                    respectively (the “CSCF Annual Cap”) for each of the three years ended on 31 December 2025.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025     111


                                                         Connected Transactions (continued)




In determining the pricing terms, for a) deposit services: When determining the interest rates for deposits to be
placed by the Group with CSCF, the Group shall obtain the interest rate from CSCF, and make reference to the
interest rates of the same type of deposits quoted by not less than three major commercial banks in the Chinese
mainland; b) loan services: The terms of loans provided to the Group by CSCF shall be no less favourable than
the terms of the same type of loans provided by independent third party commercial banks which have existing
cooperative relationships with the Group. When determining the interest rates for loans to be granted to the
Group by CSCF, the Group shall obtain the interest rate from CSCF, and make reference to the interest rates
of the same type of loans quoted by not less than three major commercial banks in the Chinese mainland; c)
bill acceptance and discount services: When determining the service fees for bill acceptance services to be
provided to the Group by CSCF, the Group shall obtain the service fees quotes from CSCF, and make reference
to the service fees of the same type of services quoted by not less than three major commercial banks in the
Chinese mainland; and d) other financial services: CSCF will offer other financial services to the Group, including
centralized fund monitoring, entrusted loans, cross-border capital pooled-transmittance, other bill services,
supply-chain financing services and guarantee services, and these services (except guarantee services) shall be
free of charge. For guarantee services, the terms of guarantee services provided to the Group by CSCF shall be
no less favourable than the terms of the same type of services provided by independent third party commercial
banks which have existing cooperative relationships with the Group. When determining the service fees to be
paid by the Group to CSCF, the Group shall obtain service fees quotes from CSCF, and make reference to the
service fees of the same type of services quoted by not less than three major commercial banks in the Chinese
mainland. All other financial services will not be subject to any security over the assets of the Group.

Since one or more of the applicable percentage ratios as defined under the Listing Rules in respect of the CSCF
Annual Cap under the Financial Services Agreement exceeded 0.1% but were less than 5%, the provision of
each of the deposit services and bill acceptance and discount services by CSCF to the Group under the Financial
Services Agreement was subject to annual review, reporting and announcement requirements but exempted
from independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The loan services to be provided by CSCF to the Group are on normal commercial terms or better (i.e. terms
that are similar or more favourable than those offered by at least three major commercial banks in the Chinese
mainland for the provision of comparable services) and are in the interest of the Group. No security over the
assets of the Group is granted to CSCF in respect of the loan services. They were therefore exempt from
all reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Rule 14A.90 of the
Listing Rules.

The guarantee services to be provided by CSCF to the Group are on normal commercial terms or better (i.e.
terms that are similar or more favourable than those offered by at least three major commercial banks in the
Chinese mainland for the provision of comparable services) and are in the interest of the Group. No security over
the assets of the Group is granted to CSCF in respect of the guarantee services. They were therefore exempt
from all reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Rule 14A.90 of
the Listing Rules.

CSCF will provide other financial services, including centralized fund monitoring, entrusted loans, cross-border
capital pooled-transmittance, other bill services and supply-chain financing services, to the Group for free under
the Financial Services Agreement. All of the applicable percentage ratios as defined under the Listing Rules in
respect of the total fees payable by the Group to CSCF for the provision of other financial services by CSCF
under the Financial Services Agreement fell within the de minimis threshold and the provision of other financial
services was therefore exempt from all reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval
requirements under Rule 14A.76 of the Listing Rules.

An announcement containing details of the Financial Services Agreement was made on 6 December 2022.
112   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Connected Transactions (continued)




                    On 17 December 2025, the Company and CSCF entered into New Financial Services Agreement whereby CSCF
                    agreed to provide the Group with deposit services, loan services and other financial services on a non-exclusive
                    basis for a term of three years commenced from 1 January 2026 and ending on 31 December 2028. Each of the
                    maximum daily deposit balance (including interests accrued thereon) of the aggregated deposits placed by the
                    Group with CSCF shall not exceed RMB1,200 million (the “New CSCF Annual Cap”) for each of the three years
                    ending 31 December 2028.

                    In determining the pricing terms, for a) deposit services: When determining the interest rates for deposits to
                    be placed by the Group with CSCF, the Group shall obtain the interest rate from CSCF, and make reference
                    to the interest rates of the same type of deposits quoted by not less than three major commercial banks in
                    the Chinese mainland; b) loan services: The terms of loans provided to the Group by CSCF shall be no less
                    favourable than the terms of the same type of loans provided by independent third party commercial banks
                    which have existing cooperative relationships with the Group. When determining the interest rates for loans to
                    be granted to the Group by CSCF, the Group shall obtain the interest rate from CSCF, and make reference to the
                    interest rates of the same type of loans quoted by not less than three major commercial banks in the Chinese
                    mainland; c) other financial services: CSCF will offer other financial services to the Group, including centralized
                    fund monitoring, entrusted loans, cross-border capital pooled-transmittance, supply-chain financing services
                    and guarantee services, and these services (except guarantee services) shall be free of charge. For guarantee
                    services, the terms of guarantee services provided to the Group by CSCF shall be no less favourable than the
                    terms of the same type of services provided by independent third party commercial banks which have existing
                    cooperative relationships with the Group. When determining the service fees to be paid by the Group to CSCF,
                    the Group shall obtain service fees quotes from CSCF, and make reference to the service fees of the same type
                    of services quoted by not less than three major commercial banks in the Chinese mainland. All other financial
                    services will not be subject to any security over the assets of the Group.

                    Since one or more of the applicable percentage ratios as defined under the Listing Rules in respect of the
                    New CSCF Annual Cap under the New Financial Services Agreement exceeded 0.1% but were less than 5%,
                    the provision of the deposit services by CSCF to the Group under the New Financial Services Agreement
                    was subject to annual review, reporting and announcement requirements but exempted from independent
                    shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

                    The loan services to be provided by CSCF to the Group are on normal commercial terms or better (i.e. terms
                    that are similar or more favourable than those offered by at least three major commercial banks in the Chinese
                    mainland for the provision of comparable services) and are in the interest of the Group. No security over the
                    assets of the Group is granted to CSCF in respect of the loan services. They were therefore exempt from
                    all reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Rule 14A.90 of the
                    Listing Rules.

                    The guarantee services to be provided by CSCF to the Group are on normal commercial terms or better (i.e.
                    terms that are similar or more favourable than those offered by at least three major commercial banks in the
                    Chinese mainland for the provision of comparable services) and are in the interest of the Group. No security over
                    the assets of the Group is granted to CSCF in respect of the guarantee services. They were therefore exempt
                    from all reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Rule 14A.90 of
                    the Listing Rules.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025     113


                                                              Connected Transactions (continued)




      CSCF will provide other financial services, including centralized fund monitoring, entrusted loans, cross-border
      capital pooled-transmittance and supply-chain financing services, to the Group for free under the New Financial
      Services Agreement. All of the applicable percentage ratios as defined under the Listing Rules in respect of the
      total fees payable by the Group to CSCF for the provision of other financial services by CSCF under the New
      Financial Services Agreement fell within the de minimis threshold and the provision of other financial services
      was therefore exempt from all reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements
      under Rule 14A.76 of the Listing Rules.

      An announcement containing details of the New Financial Services Agreement was made on 17 December
      2025.


B.6   CSCD-COLI Connection Services Framework Agreement (dated 25 October 2022)
      (1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025)

      On 25 October 2022, COLI and CSC Development entered into CSCD-COLI Connection Services Framework
      Agreement for a term of three years commenced from 1 January 2023 and ended on 31 December 2025,
      whereby the CSC Development Group (through 瀋陽皇姑熱電有限公司 (Shenyang Huanggu Thermoelectricity
      Company Limited*), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of CSC Development) may provide heating pipes
      connection services for real estate project(s) located in the Chinese mainland and developed by COLI Group.
      Upon successful tender, the maximum total contract sum that may be awarded by the COLI Group to the CSC
      Development Group for each of the three years ended 31 December 2025 shall not exceed HK$50 million (the
      “Engagement Cap”).

      In determining the pricing terms, the CSC Development Group will take into account the other comparable
      services providers, coverage, location, size and development status, capacity and cost of the connection.

      As the Engagement Cap was more than 0.1% but less than 5% of the applicable percentage ratios as defined
      under the Listing Rules, the transactions contemplated under the CSCD-COLI Connection Services Framework
      Agreement were subject to annual review, reporting and announcement requirements but exempted from
      independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      An announcement containing details of the CSCD-COLI Connection Services Framework Agreement was made
      on 25 October 2022.


B.7   COLI Master Engagement Agreement (dated 25 October 2022)
      (1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025)
      New COLI Master Engagement Agreement (dated 31 October 2025)
      (1 January 2026 to 31 December 2028)

      On 25 October 2022, the Company and COLI entered into COLI Master Engagement Agreement, pursuant to
      which (i) the Group may tender for construction works of the COLI Group and the Minority Controlled Group in
      the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Macau as construction contractor from time to time for three financial
      years ended on 31 December 2025; and (ii) the COLI Group may engage the Group as construction contractor
      for construction works of the COLI Group and the Minority Controlled Group in the Chinese mainland, Hong
      Kong and Macau upon the Group’s successful tender. Upon successful tender, the maximum total contract sum
      that may be awarded by the COLI Group to the Group for each of the three financial years ended 31 December
      2025 shall not exceed HK$9,000 million (the “COLI Sub-cap”), and upon successful tender, the maximum total
      contract sum that may be awarded by the Minority Controlled Group to the Group for each of the three financial
      years ended 31 December 2025 shall not exceed HK$11,000 million (the “Minority Controlled Group Sub-cap”,
      together with COLI Sub-cap, the “COLI Works Annual Cap”).
114   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Connected Transactions (continued)




                    In determining the pricing terms, the Group will review the costs information maintained in its in-house
                    computer database for materials supplied and contract prices from contractors for the Group’s previous projects
                    and peripheral operation. Such information will assist the Group to conduct quantitative comparison between
                    quotations obtained from contractors and materials suppliers.

                    As the COLI Works Annual Cap exceeded 5% of the applicable percentage ratios as defined under the Listing
                    Rules, the transactions contemplated under the COLI Master Engagement Agreement were subject to annual
                    review, reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of
                    the Listing Rules.

                    An announcement containing details of the COLI Master Engagement Agreement was made on 25 October
                    2022 and a circular dated 25 November 2022 containing details of the COLI Master Engagement Agreement
                    was despatched to the shareholders of the Company. The COLI Master Engagement Agreement was duly
                    approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at an extraordinary general meeting held on 21
                    December 2022.

                    On 31 October 2025, the Company and COLI entered into New COLI Master Engagement Agreement to renew
                    the COLI Master Engagement Agreement for a term of three financial years commenced from 1 January 2026
                    and ending on 31 December 2028, pursuant to which (i) the Group may tender for construction works of the
                    COLI Group in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Macau as construction contractor from time to time
                    for the three financial years ending on 31 December 2028; and (ii) the COLI Group may engage the Group as
                    construction contractor for construction works of the COLI Group in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and
                    Macau upon the Group’s successful tender. Upon successful tender, the maximum total contract sum that may
                    be awarded by the COLI Group to the Group for the financial year ending 31 December 2026 shall not exceed
                    HK$1,000 million, for the financial year ending 31 December 2027 shall not exceed HK$2,400 million and for
                    the financial year ending 31 December 2028 shall not exceed HK$2,400 million (the “New COLI Works Annual
                    Caps”).

                    In determining the pricing terms, the Group will review the costs information maintained in its in-house computer
                    database for materials supplied and sub-contractors from the Group’s previous projects and peripheral operation.
                    Such information will assist the Group in implementing quantitative comparison between preliminary quotations
                    obtained from sub-contractors and materials suppliers.

                    As all the applicable percentage ratios as defined under the Listing Rules in respect of the New COLI Works
                    Annual Caps exceeded 0.1% but were less than 5%, the transactions contemplated under the New COLI
                    Master Engagement Agreement were subject to reporting, announcement and annual review requirements but
                    exempted from independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

                    An announcement containing details of the New COLI Master Engagement Agreement was made on 31 October
                    2025.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025     115


                                                              Connected Transactions (continued)




B.8   COGO Master Engagement Agreement (dated 20 October 2023)
      (1 January 2024 to 31 December 2026)

      On 20 October 2023, the Company and COGO entered into COGO Master Engagement Agreement whereby
      the Group may tender for construction works of the COGO Group in the Chinese mainland as construction
      contractor in accordance with the tendering procedures of the COGO Group from time to time for a term of
      three years commenced from 1 January 2024 and ending on 31 December 2026. Upon successful tender, the
      maximum total contract sum that may be awarded by the COGO Group to the Group under the COGO Master
      Engagement Agreement shall not exceed (i) RMB1,800 million for the year commenced from 1 January 2024
      and ended on 31 December 2024; (ii) RMB1,800 million for the year commenced from 1 January 2025 and
      ending on 31 December 2025; and (iii) RMB1,800 million for the year commencing from 1 January 2026 and
      ending on 31 December 2026 (the “COGO Works Caps”).

      In determining the pricing terms, the Group will review the costs information maintained by its in-house
      computer database for materials supplied and contract prices from contractors for the Group’s previous projects
      and peripheral operation. The information will assist the Group to conduct quantitative comparison between
      quotations obtained from contractors and materials suppliers.

      On an aggregation basis, the applicable percentage ratios as defined under the Listing Rules in respect of the
      COGO Works Caps exceeded 5%. As such, the transactions contemplated under the COGO Master Engagement
      Agreement were subject to annual review, reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval
      requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      An announcement and a supplemental announcement containing details of the COGO Master Engagement
      Agreement were made on 20 October 2023 and 31 October 2023 respectively, and a circular dated 14 December
      2023 containing details of the COGO Master Engagement Agreement was despatched to the shareholders of
      the Company. The COGO Master Engagement Agreement was duly approved by the independent shareholders
      of the Company at an extraordinary general meeting held on 3 January 2024.


B.9   COPL Services Agreement (dated 28 April 2023)
      (1 July 2023 to 30 June 2026)

      On 28 April 2023, the Company and China Overseas Property Holdings Limited (“COPL”, an associate of the
      Company) entered into COPL Services Agreement whereby the COPL Group may participate from time to time in
      competitive tender in accordance with the tendering procedures of the Group to provide property management
      services and value-added services (including engineering, pre-delivery, move-in assistance, delivery inspection,
      engineering services quality monitoring and consulting services, as well as gardening, interior fine finishing
      and vetting of building plans) (the “Services”) to the properties (including residential communities, commercial
      properties and other properties) owned and/or held by the Group in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Macau
      and other locations; and the work sites owned and/or held by the Group in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and
      Macau for a term of three years commenced from 1 July 2023 and ending on 30 June 2026. Upon successful
      tender, the maximum total amounts payable for the Services by the Group to the COPL Group under the COPL
      Services Agreement for the period from 1 July 2023 to 31 December 2023 shall not exceed HK$133 million, for
      the financial year ending 31 December 2024 shall not exceed HK$308 million, for the financial year ending 31
      December 2025 shall not exceed HK$493 million and for the period from 1 January 2026 to 30 June 2026 shall
      not exceed HK$299 million (the “COPL Services Caps”).

      As the COPL Services Caps were more than 0.1% but less than 5% of the applicable percentage ratios as defined
      under the Listing Rules, the transactions contemplated under the COPL Services Agreement were subject
      to annual review, reporting and announcement requirements but exempted from independent shareholders’
      approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

      An announcement containing details of the COPL Services Agreement was made on 28 April 2023.
116   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Connected Transactions (continued)




             B.10 COLI Supply of Materials Framework Agreement (dated 30 April 2024)
                    (1 July 2024 to 30 June 2027)

                    On 30 April 2024, the Company and COLI entered into COLI Supply of Materials Framework Agreement whereby
                    (i) the COLI Group may supply civil-works, electromechanical and renovation items, goods or materials (the
                    “Materials”) for the construction projects of the Group (the “Projects”) upon the Group’s request in accordance
                    with the tendering procedures of the Group from time to time for a term of three years commenced from 1 July
                    2024 and ending on 30 June 2027; and (ii) the Group may engage the COLI Group as supplier of the Materials
                    for the Projects upon the COLI Group’s successful tender. Upon successful tender, the maximum total contract
                    sums in respect of the supply of the Materials for the Projects that may be awarded by the Group to the COLI
                    Group under the COLI Supply of Materials Framework Agreement shall not exceed RMB500 million for the
                    period between 1 July 2024 and 31 December 2024, RMB1,200 million for the year ended 31 December 2025,
                    RMB1,400 million for the year ending 31 December 2026, and RMB900 million for the period between 1 January
                    2027 and 30 June 2027 (the “Supply of Materials Cap(s)”).

                    As all the applicable percentage ratios as defined under the Listing Rules in respect of the highest Supply of
                    Materials Cap were more than 0.1% but less than 5%, the transactions contemplated under the COLI Supply
                    of Materials Framework Agreement were subject to annual review, reporting and announcement requirements
                    but exempted from independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

                    An announcement containing details of the COLI Supply of Materials Framework Agreement was made on 30
                    April 2024.


             B.11 CSCECL-CSCD Facade Construction Contracts Framework Agreement (dated 31 October
                  2024)
                    (1 December 2024 to 31 December 2026)

                    On 31 October 2024, CSCECL and CSC Development entered into CSCECL-CSCD Facade Construction
                    Contracts Framework Agreement whereby the parties agree that they (or their respective subsidiaries) may
                    cooperate to enter into contract(s) for the facade construction awarded by tenderee, which is a third-party
                    developer/owner client, as joint venture contractor or joint contractors (the “Facade Construction Contract(s)”)
                    upon and subject to the terms of the CSCECL-CSCD Facade Construction Contracts Framework Agreement and
                    other agreements contemplated in the CSCECL-CSCD Facade Construction Contracts Framework Agreement.

                    Pursuant to the CSCECL-CSCD Facade Construction Contracts Framework Agreement, the maximum total
                    contract sum that may be awarded jointly to CSCECL and CSC Development (or their respective subsidiaries)
                    as joint venture contractor or joint contractors for the period from 1 December 2024 to 31 December 2024 and
                    the financial years ended 31 December 2025 and ending 31 December 2026 shall not exceed HK$1,200 million,
                    HK$1,200 million and HK$1,200 million respectively (the “CSCECL-CSCD Facade Construction Contracts Cap”).

                    In assessing the tender or contract award documents, CSCECL (or its subsidiary) or CSC Development (or its
                    subsidiary) (as the case may be) will take into account factors including the technical requirements, quantity
                    specifications, expected completion time, customer’s expectation, possible risk factors associated with the
                    Facade Construction Contract and the scoring criteria of the tendering process or contract award process.

                    As all the applicable percentage ratios as defined under the Listing Rules in respect of the CSCECL-CSCD Facade
                    Construction Contracts Cap were more than 0.1% but less than 5%, the transactions contemplated under the
                    CSCECL-CSCD Facade Construction Contracts Framework Agreement were subject to annual review, reporting
                    and announcement requirements but exempted from independent shareholders’ approval requirement under
                    Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025         117


                                                                            Connected Transactions (continued)




        A joint announcement containing details of the CSCECL-CSCD Facade Construction Contracts Framework
        Agreement was made on 31 October 2024.

*       The English names of the entities referred to above are translations from their Chinese names and are for identification purpose only. If
        there is any inconsistency, the Chinese name shall prevail.


Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the above continuing connected transactions have been approved by the
Board and have been reviewed by the independent non-executive directors of the Company, who confirmed that these
continuing connected transactions were entered into:

(i)     in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(ii)    on normal commercial terms or better; and

(iii)   according to the terms of the relevant agreements governing each of the continuing connected transactions on
        terms that were fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.

In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised)
“Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to
Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

The auditor has confirmed in a letter to the Board that:

(1)     nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
        transactions have not been approved by the Board;

(2)     for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention
        that causes them to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the
        pricing policies of the Group;

(3)     nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the transactions were not entered into, in
        all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and

(4)     with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions, nothing has come to
        their attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded
        the relevant annual cap during the financial year ended 31 December 2025.

The Board confirms that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements as required by the Listing Rules
in relation to the aforementioned connected transactions/continuing connected transactions.

The continuing connected transactions disclosed above also constitute related party transactions under the Hong Kong
Financial Reporting Standards. A summary of significant related party transactions made during the year was disclosed
in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Certain items also constitute connected/continuing connected
transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
118   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      INDEPENDENT
      AUDITOR’S REPORT




      To the shareholders of China State Construction International Holdings Limited
      (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


      OPINION

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China State Construction International Holdings Limited (the
      “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 124 to 224, which comprise the consolidated statement
      of financial position as at 31 December 2025, and the consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of
      comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the
      year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
      Group as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then
      ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
      (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance.


      BASIS FOR OPINION

      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our
      responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
      financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics
      for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have
      also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
      obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


      KEY AUDIT MATTERS
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
      consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
      on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

      We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
      statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance
      of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
      statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide
      the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025     119


                                                             Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

Key audit matter                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Revenue recognition from construction works

For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group               Our audit procedures to assess the revenue recognition from
recognised revenue from construction works of                construction works included the following:
approximately RMB94,311 million, including revenue from
construction contracts, construction related investment      •     understanding and evaluating the Group’s process and
projects and facade contracting business.                          control over contract revenue recognition and budget
                                                                   estimation;
The Group’s revenue from construction works is
recognised over time using the input method of which the     •     testing the calculation of the revenue and profit
progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance          recognised from construction contracts;
obligation is measured based on the Group’s efforts or
inputs to the satisfaction of the performance obligation     •     discussing with management and the respective
relative to the total expected efforts or inputs.                  project teams about the progress of major projects and
                                                                   the assumptions adopted in the forecast of contract
Most of the construction works take several years to               costs, including estimated costs to completion and
complete and the scope of work may change during the               assessment of potential liquidated damages for major
construction period. Management estimates the revenue              contracts;
and budgeted costs at the commencement of the contracts
and regularly assesses the progress of construction works    •     testing, on a sample basis, the actual costs incurred on
as well as the financial impact of scope changes, claims,          construction works during the reporting period;
disputes and liquidated damages.
                                                             •     testing, on a sample basis, the supporting documents of
Significant management judgements were required                    the budgets, which include sub-contracting contracts,
for estimations of revenue, budgeted costs as well as              material purchase contracts/invoices and price
the progress of related construction works and these               quotations, etc.; and
estimations had significant impact on the amount and
timing of revenue recognised.                                •     comparing last year’s budget against the current year’s
                                                                   budget or actual costs incurred for major contracts on a
The accounting policies and disclosures in relation to the         sampling basis.
revenue recognition from construction works are included
in notes 4.27, 6.1 and 7 to the consolidated financial
statements.
120   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

       Key audit matter                                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter

       Impairment assessment of trade receivables and
       contract assets

       As at 31 December 2025, the Group had trade receivables           Our audit procedures to assess the recoverability of trade
       and contract assets (including retention receivables)             receivables and contract assets included the following:
       amounted to approximately RMB146,802 million in
       aggregate, representing approximately 52% of the Group’s          •     understanding and evaluating the design and operating
       total assets.                                                           effectiveness of management control over the
                                                                               collection and the impairment assessment of the trade
       Significant management judgement and estimates                          receivables and contract assets;
       were required in assessing the recoverability of trade
       receivables and contract assets, including the assessment         •     testing, on a sample basis, the ageing of trade
       of the collectability from individual customers after taking            receivables at year end;
       into account their creditworthiness, whether they have
       financial difficulties, experience of default or delinquency in   •     testing, on a sample basis, subsequent settlements
       interest or principal payments, ageing analysis and forecast            and the latest amounts certified by quantity surveyors
       of future events and economic conditions.                               appointed by customers;

       Management judgements have a significant impact on the            •     in respect of material trade receivable and contract
       level of loss allowance required for trade receivables and              asset balances, inspecting relevant contracts and
       contract assets.                                                        correspondence with the customers, and assessing
                                                                               their creditworthiness with reference to publicly
       The accounting policies and disclosures in relation to the              available information, where applicable;
       recoverability of trade receivables and contract assets are
       included in notes 4.10, 4.17, 4.32, 6.3, 27 and 32 to the         •     in respect of material trade receivable balances
       consolidated financial statements.                                      which are past due, inspecting correspondence with
                                                                               the customers, evaluating their historical progress
                                                                               payment records, assessing whether the customers
                                                                               are experiencing financial difficulties, and any default
                                                                               or delinquency in interest or principal payments, where
                                                                               applicable; and

                                                                         •     obtaining and reviewing the expected credit loss
                                                                               calculation prepared by management.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025     121


                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)

 Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Impairment assessment of concession operating rights

 The Group’s concession operating rights represent the           Our audit procedures to assess impairment of concession
 rights to operate and charge for usage of toll expressways      operating rights included the following:
 in Chinese mainland and are recognised as non-current
 assets with a net carrying amount of approximately              •      obtaining and reviewing the valuation reports prepared
 RMB2,411 million as at 31 December 2025.                               by the external valuers engaged by the Group;

 Management performs an impairment assessment of                 •      assessing the external valuer’s qualifications,
 the carrying amount of concession operating rights when                experience and expertise and consider its objectivity
 impairment indicators exist. Significant management                    and independence;
 judgement is required to determine the recoverable
 amounts of the concession operating rights. The Group           •      involving our internal valuation specialists to assist us
 engaged external valuer to perform valuation of the                    in the assessment of the valuation methodology and
 recoverable amounts of the concession operating rights as              discount rates adopted in the valuation; and
 at 31 December 2025 and which considered information
 from a variety sources such as expectations of future           •      assessing the key assumptions adopted by management
 traffic volumes, expected future toll fee levels, length of            in the calculation of value-in-use, including the expected
 operating rights, maintenance costs and discount rates.                future traffic volumes, toll fee level projections, length
                                                                        of operating rights, and maintenance costs.
 The accounting policies and disclosures in relation to the
 impairment of concession operating rights are included
 in notes 4.9, 6.5 and 22 to the consolidated financial
 statements.



OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing
to report in this regard.
122   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)




      RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
      and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements
      of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
      preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s
      ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
      basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no
      realistic alternative but to do so.

      The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
      Group’s financial reporting process.


      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
      from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our report
      is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any
      other person for the contents of this report.

      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs
      will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
      material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
      taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
      throughout the audit. We also:

      •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
             or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
             and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from
             fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
             misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
             in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal
             control.

      •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
             disclosures made by the directors.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025     123


                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)




AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (continued)
•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
       evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
       on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
       to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
       disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
       date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
       concern.

•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
       manner that achieves fair presentation.

•      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information
       of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial
       statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of
       the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Mr. Tsang Chiu Hang (practicing certificate
number: P06370).




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
27/F, One Taikoo Place
979 King’s Road
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

26 March 2026
124   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      CONSOLIDATED
      INCOME STATEMENT
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                       Notes     RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                (restated)
       Revenue                                                          7      100,448,500    105,322,671
       Costs of sales                                                          (84,466,801)   (88,993,099)
       Gross profit                                                             15,981,699     16,329,572
       Investment income, other income and other gains/(losses), net    9          248,706        211,693
       Administrative, selling and other operating expenses                     (2,651,743)    (2,582,026)
       Share of profits of
         Joint ventures                                                            846,409        583,499
         Associates                                                                 12,068        244,813
       Finance costs                                                    10      (2,469,668)    (2,948,312)
       Profit before tax                                                        11,967,471     11,839,239
       Income tax expenses, net                                         12      (2,962,098)    (2,618,957)
       Profit for the year                                              13       9,005,373      9,220,282

       Profit for the year attributable to:
         Owners of the Company                                                   8,588,443      8,565,331
         Holders of perpetual capital securities                                   228,808        339,297
         Non-controlling interests                                                 188,122        315,654
                                                                                 9,005,373      9,220,282

       Earnings per share (RMB)                                         15
         Basic                                                                        1.64           1.70

         Diluted                                                                      1.64           1.70
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   125



                                                 CONSOLIDATED
                             STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                               2025                   2024
                                                                 Note       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                 (restated)
Profit for the year                                                         9,005,373            9,220,282
Other comprehensive income/(loss)
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in
   subsequent periods
   Gain on fair value changes of debt securities at fair value
     through other comprehensive income                                        3,925                 4,551
   Release of investment revaluation reserve to consolidated
     income statement upon disposal of debt securities at fair
     value through other comprehensive income                                 (2,675)                    –
   Exchange differences on translation of subsidiaries                       244,046              (127,256)
   Exchange differences on translation of joint ventures                       1,996                11,212
   Exchange differences on translation of associates                         (36,005)               20,450
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in
   subsequent periods
   Remeasurement loss on defined benefit obligations             44            (5,433)              (4,667)
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax                   205,854               (95,710)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                     9,211,227            9,124,572

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                     8,789,310            8,454,945
  Holders of perpetual capital securities                                     228,808              339,297
  Non-controlling interests                                                   193,109              330,330
                                                                            9,211,227            9,124,572
126   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      CONSOLIDATED
      STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
      As at 31 December 2025




                                                                        31 December    31 December        1 January
                                                                               2025             2024           2024
                                                                Notes       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                           (restated)     (restated)
       Non-current Assets
        Property, plant and equipment                            16        6,505,429      5,747,119       5,143,662
        Right-of-use assets                                      17          799,497        645,778         545,101
        Investment properties                                    18        6,738,116      6,437,453       6,286,855
        Interests in infrastructure project investments          19        3,247,527      3,075,945       3,315,382
        Interests in joint ventures                             20(a)     16,344,908     15,713,298      15,359,944
        Interests in associates                                  21        5,585,917      6,049,544       5,553,626
        Concession operating rights                              22        2,411,087      2,639,624       2,784,161
        Deferred tax assets                                      23          114,660        104,379         111,838
        Trademark, project backlogs and licences                 24          164,258        182,452         196,233
        Goodwill                                                 24          519,898        537,228         524,519
        Financial assets at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                  25          496,307        227,928         352,948
        Amounts due from investee companies                      26           13,193         13,632         201,619
        Trade and other receivables                              27       53,621,833     50,405,363      50,485,568
        Loans to joint ventures                                  28        1,021,852        999,497       1,165,619
        Loan receivables                                         29           37,530              –               –
                                                                          97,622,012     92,779,240      92,027,075
       Current Assets
         Interests in infrastructure project investments         19          220,466        612,492         477,235
         Inventories                                             30          460,093        421,714         474,750
         Properties under development                            31        6,690,654      7,029,266       5,711,081
         Properties held for sale                                          4,045,723      3,580,739       3,703,719
         Contract assets                                         32       30,752,495     26,241,434      19,607,039
         Trade and other receivables                             27      102,867,305     96,355,321      76,850,749
         Deposits and prepayments                                            822,976        985,833         881,002
         Financial assets at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                  25                –          7,165               –
         Amounts due from joint ventures                         28        5,665,536      5,818,712       8,162,066
         Amounts due from associates                             33          263,610        451,987         512,745
         Amounts due from related companies                      34            7,706         27,233          97,038
         Loan to a joint venture                                 28           12,339              –               –
         Loan to an associate                                    33            1,348              –               –
         Loan receivables                                        29            6,994              –               –
         Tax recoverable                                                     913,646        537,588         367,340
         Bank balances and cash                                  35       30,328,604     28,589,158      25,844,303
                                                                         183,059,495    170,658,642     142,689,067
       Assets classified as held for sales                       36            7,792              –               –
                                                                         183,067,287    170,658,642     142,689,067
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   127


                                         Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (continued)
                                                                                        As at 31 December 2025




                                                            31 December       31 December             1 January
                                                                   2025                2024                2024
                                                    Notes       RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                  (restated)          (restated)
 Current Liabilities
   Contract liabilities                              32        9,001,131         8,324,669            9,013,482
   Trade payables, other payables and accruals       37       96,447,267        94,119,227           76,369,898
   Deposits received                                             191,627            36,746               44,609
   Amounts due to joint ventures                     28        1,092,957           978,670            1,075,373
   Amounts due to associates                         33           60,058            61,450              122,250
   Amounts due to related companies                  34          398,968           320,130              320,130
   Tax payables                                                6,230,032         5,988,281            5,572,242
   Bank borrowings                                   38       15,096,365        13,295,756           14,995,626
   Corporate bonds                                   43        1,099,759         2,460,000            2,500,000
   Loan from a fellow subsidiary                     39          155,000           251,100              600,000
   Loan from a joint venture                                           –                 –            2,400,000
   Lease liabilities                                 17          111,097           124,532              103,907
                                                             129,884,261       125,960,561         113,117,517
 Net Current Assets                                           53,183,026        44,698,081           29,571,550
 Total Assets less Current Liabilities                       150,805,038       137,477,321         121,598,625

 Capital and Reserves
   Share capital                                     40          123,804           118,098              118,098
   Share premium and reserves                        41       70,278,728        61,737,271           56,130,230
   Equity attributable to owners of the Company               70,402,532        61,855,369           56,248,328
   Perpetual capital securities                      42        6,741,713         6,738,982            8,892,683
   Non-controlling interests                                   3,232,830         2,478,669            2,303,068
                                                              80,377,075        71,073,020           67,444,079
 Non-current Liabilities
  Bank borrowings                                    38       57,061,597        54,780,476           46,589,894
  Guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds       43       12,144,635        10,342,598            6,363,801
  Contract liabilities                               32          391,481           486,414              537,057
  Defined benefit obligations                        44           34,534            28,037               21,388
  Deferred tax liabilities                           23          592,585           585,125              536,388
  Lease liabilities                                  17          203,131           181,651              106,018
                                                              70,427,963        66,404,301           54,154,546
                                                             150,805,038       137,477,321         121,598,625


On behalf of the Board




                         Zhang Haipeng                                     Wang Xiaoguang
                            Director                                          Director
128   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      CONSOLIDATED
      STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                               Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                   Share                   Perpetual           Non-
                                                                   Share        premium                       capital    controlling
                                                                  capital   and reserves           Total   securities      interests         Total
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                               (restated)      (restated)     (restated)   (restated)     (restated)    (restated)
                                                               (Note 40)       (Note 41)                   (Note 42)
       At 1 January 2024                                        118,098      56,130,230     56,248,328     8,892,683     2,303,068     67,444,079
       Profit for the year                                             –      8,565,331      8,565,331       339,297       315,654      9,220,282
       Gain on fair value changes of debt securities at fair
          value through other comprehensive income                     –           4,551          4,551             –            –          4,551
       Exchange differences on translation of subsidiaries             –        (141,932)      (141,932)            –       14,676       (127,256)
       Exchange differences on translation of joint ventures           –          11,212         11,212             –            –         11,212
       Exchange differences on translation of associates               –          20,450         20,450             –            –         20,450
       Remeasurement loss on defined benefit obligations
          (Note 44)                                                    –          (4,667)        (4,667)            –             –        (4,667)
       Total comprehensive income for the year                         –      8,454,945      8,454,945       339,297       330,330      9,124,572
       Issuance of perpetual capital securities                        –               –               –   1,498,500              –     1,498,500
       Capital contribution relating to share-based payment
          borne by an intermediate holding company
          (Note 45)                                                    –           6,564          6,564             –           204         6,768
       Contribution from non-controlling interests of
          subsidiaries                                                 –               –               –            –       74,458         74,458
       Redemption of perpetual capital securities                      –               –               –   (3,657,429)           –     (3,657,429)
       Distribution paid on perpetual capital securities               –               –               –     (334,069)           –       (334,069)
       Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders
          of subsidiaries                                              –               –              –             –     (114,908)      (114,908)
       Disposal of subsidiaries                                        –               –              –             –     (114,483)      (114,483)
       2023 final dividend paid                                        –      (1,339,097)    (1,339,097)            –            –     (1,339,097)
       2024 interim dividend paid                                      –      (1,515,124)    (1,515,124)            –            –     (1,515,124)
       Transfer from special reserve                                   –            (347)          (347)            –            –           (347)
       Unclaimed dividends forfeited                                   –             100            100             –            –            100
       Total transactions with owners,
         recognised directly in equity                                 –      (2,847,904)    (2,847,904)   (2,492,998)    (154,729)    (5,495,631)
       At 31 December 2024                                      118,098      61,737,271     61,855,369     6,738,982     2,478,669     71,073,020
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     129


                                              Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (continued)
                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                          Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                             Share                       Perpetual          Non-
                                                             Share       premium                            capital   controlling
                                                            capital   and reserves        Total          securities     interests      Total
                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                          (Note 40)      (Note 41)                       (Note 42)
At 1 January 2025 (restated)                                118,098     61,737,271    61,855,369         6,738,982     2,478,669    71,073,020
Profit for the year                                               –      8,588,443     8,588,443           228,808       188,122     9,005,373
Gain/(loss) on fair value changes of debt securities at
   fair value through other comprehensive income                  –          5,304         5,304                 –        (1,379)        3,925
Release of investment revaluation reserve to
   consolidated income statement upon disposal
   of debt securities at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                           –         (2,675)       (2,675)                –             –       (2,675)
Exchange differences on translation of subsidiaries               –        237,680       237,680                 –         6,366      244,046
Exchange differences on translation of joint ventures             –          1,996         1,996                 –             –        1,996
Exchange differences on translation of associates                 –        (36,005)      (36,005)                –             –      (36,005)
Remeasurement loss on defined benefit obligations
   (Note 44)                                                      –         (5,433)        (5,433)               –             –        (5,433)
Total comprehensive income for the year                           –      8,789,310     8,789,310           228,808       193,109     9,211,227
Issuance of ordinary shares                                   5,706      2,792,171     2,797,877                 –             –     2,797,877
Contribution from non-controlling interests of
   subsidiaries                                                   –              –                –              –       437,391       437,391
Acquisition of subsidiaries                                       –              –                –              –       178,315       178,315
Distribution paid on perpetual capital securities                 –              –                –       (226,077)            –      (226,077)
Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of
   subsidiaries                                                   –              –                –              –       (54,174)      (54,174)
Repurchase and cancellation of shares                             –              –                –              –          (198)         (198)
Change in shareholding in a subsidiary after share
   repurchased                                                    –            282            282                –          (282)            –
2024 final dividend paid                                          –     (1,398,546)    (1,398,546)               –             –    (1,398,546)
2025 interim dividend paid                                        –     (1,648,685)    (1,648,685)               –             –    (1,648,685)
Transfer from special reserve                                     –          6,925          6,925                –             –         6,925
Total transactions with owners,
  recognised directly in equity                               5,706       (247,853)     (242,147)         (226,077)      561,052       92,828
At 31 December 2025                                         123,804     70,278,728    70,402,532         6,741,713     3,232,830    80,377,075
130   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      CONSOLIDATED
      STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                (restated)
       Operating activities
       Profit before tax                                                        11,967,471    11,839,239
       Adjustments for:
         Finance costs                                                           2,469,668     2,948,312
         Interest income                                                          (301,427)     (301,385)
         Dividend income                                                           (23,244)      (10,870)
         Loss on fair value changes of investment properties, net                   65,786       145,793
         Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, net                   (111,853)      (19,972)
         Gain on disposal of debt securities at FVOCI, net of tax                     (160)            –
         Gain on acquisition of subsidiaries                                       (23,068)            –
         Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                –       (62,312)
         Gain on disposal of investment properties                                  (6,442)         (908)
         Share of profits of joint ventures                                       (846,409)     (583,499)
         Share of profits of associates                                            (12,068)     (244,813)
         Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                             515,238       540,072
         Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                       203,662       175,889
         Amortisation of concession operating rights                               144,537       144,537
         Amortisation of trademark and licences                                     15,857        15,805
         Allowance for doubtful debts on trade and other receivables, net           28,589        17,647
         Impairment of concession operating rights, net                             84,000             –
         Share-based payment                                                             –         6,768
         Provision for defined benefit obligations                                   5,993         5,017
       Operating cash flows before working capital changes                      14,176,130     14,615,320
       Decrease in income receivables from infrastructure project investments      220,444         95,471
       (Increase)/decrease in inventories                                          (19,470)        56,970
       Increase in properties under development                                 (1,623,700)    (3,407,105)
       Decrease in properties held for sale                                      1,154,070        775,497
       Changes in net balances in contract assets/liabilities                   (4,334,758)    (6,450,504)
       Increase in trade and other receivables                                  (8,228,782)   (19,322,768)
       Decrease/(increase) in deposits and prepayments                              86,853        (83,144)
       Increase in trade payables, other payables and accruals                   2,635,715     17,894,896
       Increase/(decrease) in deposits received                                    157,761         (8,338)
       Net cash from operations                                                  4,224,263      4,166,295
       Income taxes paid                                                        (3,344,190)    (2,377,290)
       Income taxes refunded                                                       173,100         47,818
       Net cash from operating activities                                        1,053,173     1,836,823
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   131


                                               Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued)
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                          (restated)
Investing activities
Interest received                                                                       294,672             283,114
Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                             (968,840)           (975,568)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                 550,987              66,470
Purchase of trademark                                                                      (123)                  –
Proceeds from disposal of subsidiaries                                                        –             179,886
Proceeds from acquisition of subsidiaries                                               215,069                   –
Net movement of current accounts with joint ventures                                 (1,008,770)          1,109,431
Net movement of loans to joint ventures                                                   2,032             197,926
Increase in investments in joint ventures                                              (103,081)             (4,674)
Dividends received from joint ventures                                                  235,610             246,032
Net movement of current accounts with associates                                            601             (62,338)
Decrease/(increase) in investments in associates                                         50,636            (117,470)
Dividends received from associates                                                      270,870             209,544
Net movement of current accounts with related companies                                  77,059                   –
Repayment from an investee company                                                            –               9,328
Purchases of an investment property                                                           –             (24,674)
Payments for right-of-use assets                                                              –             (78,074)
Proceeds from disposal of investment properties                                          15,604               3,644
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income          (284,671)                  –
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                                                   14,366                   –
Dividends received from equity securities at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                                                   23,244              10,870
Increase in pledged bank deposits and non-pledged time deposits with original
  maturity of over three months                                                        (198,311)            (18,000)
Net cash (used in)/from investing activities                                           (813,046)          1,035,447
132   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                    2025             2024
                                                                        Note     RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                (restated)
       Financing activities
       Finance costs paid                                                       (2,568,819)    (2,994,391)
       Dividends paid to owners of the Company                                  (3,047,231)    (2,854,221)
       Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries              (54,174)      (114,908)
       Contribution from non-controlling interests, net                            437,193         74,458
       Proceeds from issuance of perpetual capital securities, net                       –      1,498,500
       Distribution paid on perpetual capital securities                          (226,077)      (334,069)
       Redemption of perpetual capital securities                                        –     (3,657,429)
       Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares                                 2,797,877              –
       Proceeds from issuance of corporate bonds, net                   47      11,500,000      7,377,574
       Redemption of guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds       47     (11,000,000)    (3,483,871)
       New bank borrowings raised                                       47      45,031,461     44,832,299
       Repayment of bank borrowings                                     47     (41,068,691)   (37,835,140)
       Loan from a fellow subsidiary                                    47         155,000        247,050
       Repayment of loans from a fellow subsidiary                      47        (247,860)      (600,000)
       Repayment of loan from a joint venture                           47               –     (2,400,000)
       Principal elements of lease payments                             47        (208,537)      (159,278)
       Net cash from/(used in) financing activities                             1,500,142        (403,426)
       Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                    1,740,269      2,468,844
       Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                  28,506,290     25,779,607
       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                   (198,873)       257,839
       Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                        30,047,686     28,506,290

       Analysis of the balances of cash and cash equivalents
       Bank balances and cash                                                  30,328,604     28,589,158
       Less: Pledged bank deposits                                               (280,918)       (82,868)
                                                                               30,047,686     28,506,290
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025      133



                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
                                                            FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION

     China State Construction International Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is a public limited company incorporated
     in the Cayman Islands and its shares are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
     (the “SEHK”) with effect from 8 July 2005. Its immediate holding company is China Overseas Holdings Limited, a
     company incorporated in Hong Kong. Its intermediate holding company and its ultimate holding company are China
     State Construction Engineering Corporation Limited (“CSCECL”), a joint limited stock company with its shares listed
     on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and China State Construction Engineering Corporation (“CSCEC”), respectively, both
     of which are established in the People’s Republic of China (“China”) and controlled by the government of Chinese
     mainland (“PRC government”). The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company
     are Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, The Cayman Islands and 28th Floor, China
     Overseas Building, 139 Hennessy Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, respectively.

     The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are the construction
     business, infrastructure project investments, toll road operation, project consultancy services and facade contracting
     business. The principal activities of its principal subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are set out in notes 53, 20(a)
     and 21 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded to the nearest
     thousand except when otherwise indicated. The consolidated financial statements have been approved and authorised
     for issue by the Board of Directors on 26 March 2026.


2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION

     The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting
     Standards (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”)
     and Interpretations) as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”) and the
     disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The consolidated financial statements have been
     prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of financial assets at fair value through
     other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) and investment properties, which are carried at fair value. Assets classified as
     held for sale are stated at the lower of its carrying amount and fair value less cost to sell.

     The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires the
     use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of
     applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas
     where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 6.

     The presentation currency of the Group’s consolidated financial statements in the prior financial years was Hong Kong
     dollars (“HK$”). The Group has changed its presentation currency from HK$ to RMB for the preparation of the Group’s
     consolidated financial statements since 2025. Having considered that most of the transactions and source of funds of
     the Group are denominated and settled in RMB, the change of presentation currency could enable the shareholders
     and potential investors of the Company to have a clearer picture of the financial performance of the Group. The Board
     considers that it is more appropriate to use RMB as the presentation currency for the consolidated financial statements
     of the Group. The change of presentation currency and the restatement of the comparative figures from HK$ to RMB
     have had no material impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.
134   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      2.     BASIS OF PREPARATION (continued)

             The effects of the change in the presentation currency have been accounted for retrospectively with comparative
             figures restated in accordance with HKAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors. The
             comparative amounts in the consolidated financial statements of the Group are presented as if RMB had always
             been the presentation currency of the consolidated financial statements of the Group. The Group also presented the
             consolidated statement of financial position as at 1 January 2024 without related notes in these consolidated financial
             statements.

             For the purpose of presenting the Group’s consolidated financial statements in RMB, the assets and liabilities for the
             consolidated statement of financial position are translated into RMB at the closing rate at the end of the reporting period.
             Income and expenses for the consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of comprehensive income
             are translated at the average exchange rates for the financial period. The share capital and reserves are translated at the
             exchange rate at the date of transaction.

             Certain comparative information has been reclassified to conform with current year’s presentation.


      3.     APPLICATION OF NEW STANDARD AND AMENDMENTS TO EXISTING STANDARDS

             (a)    The adoption of amendments to existing standards
                    In the current year, the Group has adopted the following amendments to existing standards issued by the
                    HKICPA.

                    Amendments to HKAS 21                              Lack of Exchangeability

                    Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another
                    currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is lacking.
                    The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to understand
                    the impact of a currency not being exchangeable. As the currencies that the Group had transacted in and the
                    functional currencies of overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates for translation into the Group’s
                    presentation currency were exchangeable, the amendments did not have any impact on the Group’s financial
                    statements.


             (b)    New and amendments to existing standards not yet effective
                    The Group has not early adopted the following new and amendments to existing standards (hereinafter
                    collectively referred to as the “new and revised HKFRS Accounting Standards”) that have been issued but are
                    not yet effective.

                    HKFRS 18                           Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements2
                    HKFRS 19 and its amendments        Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures2
                    Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7  Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                                                         Instruments1
                    Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity1
                    Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                         Associate or Joint Venture3
                    Amendments to HKAS 21              Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency2
                    Annual Improvements to HKFRS       Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and
                      Accounting Standards — Volume 11   HKAS 71

                    1
                            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026
                    2
                            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027
                    3
                            No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025      135


                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025




3.   APPLICATION OF NEW STANDARD AND AMENDMENTS TO EXISTING STANDARDS
     (continued)

     (b)   New and amendments to existing standards not yet effective (continued)
           The Group will adopt the above new and revised HKFRS Accounting Standards as and when they become
           effective. None of the above is expected to have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements of
           the Group except HKFRS 18 as described below.

           HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. While a number of sections have been
           brought forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation
           within the statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify
           all income and expenses within the statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating,
           investing, financing, income taxes and discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It
           also requires disclosures about management-defined performance measures in a single note and introduces
           enhanced requirements on the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information in
           both the primary financial statements and the notes. Some requirements previously included in HKAS 1 are
           moved to HKAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors , which is renamed as
           HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements. As a consequence of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited,
           but widely applicable, amendments are made to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows, HKAS 33 Earnings per
           Share and HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. In addition, there are minor consequential amendments to
           other HKFRS Accounting Standards. HKFRS 18 and the consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting
           Standards are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 with earlier application permitted.
           Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently analysing the new requirements and assessing the
           impact of HKFRS 18 on the presentation and disclosure of the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     4.1   Consolidation
           The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and all its subsidiaries
           made up to 31 December 2025.


           (a)    Subsidiaries
                  Subsidiaries are entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
                  controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable risks and returns from its
                  involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity.
                  Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the control is transferred to the Group. They are
                  deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.


                  Business combinations — acquisition method
                  The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations other than common
                  control combinations. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values
                  of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity
                  interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or
                  liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
                  and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at
                  the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-
                  by-acquisition basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and
                  entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of liquidation are
                  measured at either fair value or the present ownership interests’ proportionate share in the recognised
                  amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are
                  measured at their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by HKFRS.
136   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

             4.1    Consolidation (continued)
                    (a)     Subsidiaries (continued)
                            Business combinations — acquisition method (continued)
                            Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

                            The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets
                            includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create
                            outputs.

                            If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s
                            previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-measured to fair value at the acquisition date; any
                            gains or losses arising from such re-measurement are recognised in consolidated income statement.

                            The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree
                            and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of
                            the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total of consideration transferred, non-
                            controlling interest recognised and previously held interest measured is less than the fair value of the net
                            assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the difference is recognised directly
                            in the consolidated income statement.

                            Intra-group transactions, balances, and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies
                            are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
                            impairment of the transferred asset. When necessary, amounts reported by subsidiaries have been
                            adjusted to conform to the Group’s accounting policies.


                            Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control
                            Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted for as
                            equity transactions — that is, as transactions with the owners in their capacity as owners. The difference
                            between fair value of any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net
                            assets of the subsidiary is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-controlling interests
                            are also recorded in equity.


                            Disposal of subsidiaries
                            When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is re-measured to its fair value
                            at the date when control is lost, with the change in carrying amount recognised in consolidated income
                            statement. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for
                            the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously
                            recognised in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the
                            Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously
                            recognised in OCI are reclassified to consolidated income statement.


                            Separate financial statements
                            In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost
                            less impairment. Cost also includes direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries
                            are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

                            Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving dividends from these
                            investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                            dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
                            the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025     137


                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

     4.1   Consolidation (continued)
           (b)   Associates
                 Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control, generally
                 accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates
                 are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method, the investment
                 is initially recognised at cost, and the carrying amount is increased or decreased to recognise the
                 investor’s share of the profit or loss of the investee after the date of acquisition. The Group’s investment
                 in associates includes goodwill identified on acquisition. Upon the acquisition of the ownership interest
                 in an associate, any difference between the cost of the associate and the Group’s share of the net fair
                 value of the associate’s identifiable assets and liabilities is accounted for as goodwill.

                 If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a
                 proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in OCI is reclassified to consolidated income
                 statement where appropriate.

                 The Group’s share of post-acquisition profit or loss is recognised in the consolidated income statement,
                 and its share of post-acquisition movements in OCI is recognised in OCI with a corresponding adjustment
                 to the carrying amount of the investment. When the Group’s share of losses in an associate equals or
                 exceeds its interest in the associate (which include any long-term interests that, in substance, form
                 part of the Group’s net investment in the associates), including any other unsecured receivables, the
                 Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made
                 payments on behalf of the associate.

                 The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the investment
                 in the associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the
                 difference between the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value and recognises the
                 amount adjacent to “share of profits of associates” in the consolidated income statement.

                 Profits and losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions between the Group and its
                 associate are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only to the extent of unrelated
                 investor’s interests in the associates. Unrealised losses are eliminated unless the transaction provides
                 evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of associates have been changed
                 where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

                 Gains and losses on dilution of equity interest in associates are recognised in the consolidated income
                 statement.

                 When an interest in an associate is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in accordance with IFRS
                 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.
138   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

             4.1    Consolidation (continued)
                    (c)     Joint arrangements
                            Under HKFRS 11, investments in joint arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint
                            ventures depending on the contractual rights and obligations each investor has rather than the legal
                            structure of the joint arrangement.


                            Joint ventures
                            A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the
                            arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed
                            sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities
                            require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

                            Under the equity method of accounting, interests in joint ventures are initially recognised at cost
                            and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses and
                            movements in OCI. When the Group’s share of losses in a joint venture equals or exceeds its interests
                            in the joint ventures (which include any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s
                            net investment in the joint ventures), the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred
                            obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint ventures.

                            The Group’s investments in joint ventures include goodwill identified on acquisition. Upon the acquisition
                            of the ownership interest in a joint venture, any difference between the cost of the joint venture and the
                            Group’s share of the net fair value of the joint venture’s identifiable assets and liabilities is accounted
                            for goodwill.

                            Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated to the extent
                            of the Group’s interest in the joint ventures. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                            provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of the joint ventures
                            have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


                            Joint operations
                            Joint operations arise where the investors have rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities of an
                            arrangement. Investments in joint operations are accounted for such that each joint operator recognises
                            its assets (including its share of any assets jointly held), its liabilities (including its share of any liabilities
                            incurred jointly), its revenue (including its share of revenue from the sale of the output by the joint
                            operation) and its expenses (including its share of any expenses incurred jointly). Each joint operator
                            accounts for the assets and liabilities, as well as revenues and expenses, relating to its interest in the
                            joint operation in accordance with the applicable standards.


             4.2    Segment reporting
                    Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
                    operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources
                    and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the
                    Company that make strategic decisions.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025      139


                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

     4.3   Foreign currency translation
           (a)   Functional and presentation currency
                 Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
                 currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”).
                 The consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional and the
                 Group’s presentation currency.


           (b)   Transactions and balances
                 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates at
                 the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such
                 transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
                 at year end exchange rates are generally recognised in consolidated income statement.

                 Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the
                 exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. Translation differences on assets and
                 liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss.


           (c)   Group companies
                 The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyper-
                 inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
                 translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                 (i)     assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the
                         closing rate at the end of the reporting period;

                 (ii)    income and expenses for each statement presenting profit or loss and other comprehensive
                         income are translated at average exchange rate (unless this average is not a reasonable
                         approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates in which
                         case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the transactions); and

                 (iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in OCI.

                 Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets
                 and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate. Exchange differences arising are
                 recognised in OCI.


           (d)   Disposal of foreign operation and partial disposal
                 On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign
                 operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, a
                 disposal involving loss of joint control over a joint venture that includes a foreign operation, or a disposal
                 involving loss of significant influence over an associate that includes a foreign operation), all of the
                 currency translation differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to the
                 owners of the Company are reclassified to consolidated income statement.

                 In the case of a partial disposal that does not result in the Group losing control over a subsidiary that
                 includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of accumulated currency translation differences
                 are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised in consolidated income statement.
                 For all other partial disposal (that is, reductions in the Group’s ownership interest in associates or joint
                 ventures that do not result in the Group losing significant influence or joint control) the proportionate
                 share of the accumulated exchange difference is reclassified to consolidated income statement.
140   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

             4.4    Property, plant and equipment
                    Land and buildings comprise mainly factories and offices. Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical
                    cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment loss. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly
                    attributable to the acquisition of the items.

                    Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
                    only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the
                    cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognised. All other
                    repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated income statement during the financial period in which
                    they are incurred.

                    Depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to their residual
                    values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

                    Freehold land                                Not depreciated
                    Land and buildings                           Over the shorter of the term of the relevant leases or 50 years
                    Heat and electricity supply facilities       Over the shorter of the licence operation period or 20 years
                    Machinery                                    3 to 10 years
                    Furniture, fixtures and equipment and        3 to 8 years
                      motor vehicles

                    The assets’ residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at
                    the end of each reporting period.

                    An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount
                    is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.

                    Construction in progress represents buildings, heat and electricity supply facilities under construction and
                    machinery pending installation, and is stated at cost less impairment losses. It will be reclassified to the relevant
                    property, plant and equipment category upon completion and depreciation begins when the relevant assets are
                    available for use.

                    Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
                    recognised in the consolidated income statement.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025      141


                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

     4.5   Leases
           (a)   The Group as a lessee
                 Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased
                 asset is available for use by the Group.

                 Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration in
                 the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices. However,
                 for leases of real estate for which the Group is a lessee, it has elected not to separate lease and non-
                 lease components and instead accounts for these as a single lease component.

                 Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
                 include the net present value of the following lease payments:

                 •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

                 •      variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or
                        rate as at the commencement date;

                 •      amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;

                 •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option;
                        and

                 •      payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising
                        that option.

                 Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
                 measurement of the liability.

                 The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot
                 be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental
                 borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds
                 necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment
                 with similar terms, security and conditions.

                 To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

                 •      where possible, uses recent third party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting
                        point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received;

                 •      uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases
                        held by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing; and

                 •      makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.
142   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

             4.5    Leases (continued)
                    (a)     The Group as a lessee (continued)
                            The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index or rate,
                            which are not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease payments
                            based on an index or rate taken effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against the right-of-
                            use asset.

                            Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to
                            consolidated income statement over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest
                            on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

                            Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

                            •      the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;

                            •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives
                                   received;

                            •      any initial direct costs; and

                            •      restoration costs.

                            Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease
                            term on a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-
                            of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.

                            Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases of low-value assets
                            are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in consolidated income statement. Short-term
                            leases are leases with a lease term of twelve months or less. Low-value assets comprise information
                            technology equipment and small items of office furniture.


                    (b)     The Group as a lessor
                            Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised as income on a straight-
                            line basis over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining an operating lease are added to
                            the carrying amount of the underlying asset and recognised as expense over the lease term on the
                            same basis as lease income. The respective leased assets are included in the consolidated statement of
                            financial position based on their nature.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025      143


                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

     4.6   Investment properties
           Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.

           Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure. After initial
           recognition, investment properties are carried at fair value, representing open market value determined at
           each reporting date by external valuers. Fair value is based on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for
           any difference in the nature, location or condition of the specific asset. If the information is not available, the
           Group uses alternative valuation methods such as recent prices on less active markets or discounted cash flow
           projections. Changes in fair values are recorded in the consolidated income statement as part of a valuation gain
           or loss in “investment income, other income and other gains/(losses), net”.

           An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
           withdrawn from use or no future economic benefits are expected from its disposals. Any gain or loss arising
           on derecognition of the assets (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
           carrying amount of the asset) is included in consolidated income statement in the period in which the item is
           derecognised.

           For a transfer from investment properties to owner-occupied properties, the deemed cost of a property for
           subsequent accounting is its fair value at the date of change in use. If a property occupied by the Group as an
           owner-occupied property becomes an investment property, the Group accounts for such property in accordance
           with the policy stated under “Property, plant and equipment” up to the date of change in use, and any difference
           at that date between the carrying amount and the fair value of the property is dealt with as movement in the
           asset revaluation reserve.

           The Group transfers a property from properties held for sale/under development to investment property when
           there is a change in use to hold the property to earn rentals or/and for capital appreciation rather than for sale
           in the ordinary course of business, which is evidenced by the inception of an operating lease to another party.
           Any difference between the fair value of the property at the date of transfer and its previous carrying amount is
           recognised in the consolidated income statement.

           Construction costs incurred for investment properties under construction are capitalised as part of the carrying
           amount of the investment properties under construction.


     4.7   Interests in infrastructure project investments
           Interests in infrastructure project investments represent loans advanced to joint ventures whereby the Group’s
           return is predetermined in accordance with the provisions of the relevant agreements.

           The Group’s interests in the infrastructure project investments are classified as financial asset measured at
           amortised cost in accordance with HKFRS 9 and are stated at amortised cost using effective interest method.
           The carrying amount of such interests is reduced to recognise any identified impairment losses of individual
           investments.
144   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

             4.8    Services concession arrangements
                    (a)     Consideration given by the grantor
                            A financial asset is recognised to the extent that (i) the Group has an unconditional right to receive cash
                            or another financial asset from or at the direction of the grantor for the construction services rendered;
                            and (ii) the grantor has little, if any, discretion to avoid payment, usually because the agreement is
                            enforceable by law.

                            The Group has an unconditional right to receive cash if the grantor contractually guarantees to pay the
                            Group (i) specified or determinable amounts or (ii) the shortfall, if any, between amounts received from
                            users of the public service and specified or determinable amounts, even if the payment is contingent
                            on the Group ensuring that the infrastructure meets specified quality of efficiency requirements. The
                            financial asset is accounted for in accordance with the policy set out for debt securities at amortised
                            costs under “Investments and other financial assets” below.

                            An intangible asset (concession operating rights) is recognised to the extent that the Group receives a
                            right to charge users of the public service, which is not an unconditional right to receive cash because
                            the amounts are contingent on the extent that the public uses the service.

                            The intangible asset (concession operating rights) is accounted for in accordance with the policy set
                            out for “Intangible assets” below. If the Group is paid partly by a financial asset and partly by an
                            intangible asset, in which case, each component of the consideration is accounted for separately and
                            the consideration received or receivable for both components shall be recognised initially at the fair value
                            of the consideration received or receivable.


                    (b)     Contractual obligations to restore the infrastructure to a specified level of serviceability
                            The Group has contractual obligations which it must fulfil as a condition of its rights, that is (i) to maintain
                            the toll roads it operates to a specified level of serviceability and/or (ii) to restore the toll roads to a
                            specified condition before they are handed over to the grantor at the end of the service concession
                            arrangement. These contractual obligations to maintain or restore the toll roads, except for upgrade
                            element, are recognised and measured in accordance with the policy set out for “Provisions” below.


             4.9    Intangible asset
                    (a)     Goodwill
                            Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries and represents the excess of the consideration
                            transferred over the Group’s interest in net fair value of the net identifiable assets, liabilities and
                            contingent liabilities of the acquiree and the fair value of the non-controlling interest in the acquiree.

                            For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to cash-
                            generating units (“CGU(s)”), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the
                            combination. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest level
                            within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. Goodwill is
                            monitored at the operating segment level.

                            Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes in
                            circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of goodwill is compared to the
                            recoverable amount, which is the higher of the value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal. Any
                            impairment is recognised immediately as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025     145


                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

     4.9   Intangible assets (continued)
           (b)   Trademark, project backlogs and licences
                 Separately acquired licences are shown at historical cost. Trademark and project backlogs acquired in a
                 business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.

                 Trademark and project backlogs that have a definite useful life are carried at cost less accumulated
                 amortisation. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of trademarks
                 and project backlogs over their estimated useful lives of 20 years or specific contract period respectively.

                 Licences that have indefinite useful lives are not amortised. They are subject to impairment testing
                 annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential impairment.
                 Licence that has a definite useful life is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is
                 calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of licence over its estimated useful life of
                 25 years.


           (c)   Concession operating rights
                 The Group applies the intangible asset model to account for toll expressways. The concession grantors
                 (the respective local governments) have not provided any contractual guarantees for the recovery of the
                 amounts of construction costs incurred. The intangible assets correspond to the rights granted by the
                 respective concession grantors to the Group to charge users of the toll road services and are recorded in
                 the consolidated statement of financial position as “Concession operating rights”.

                 When the Group has a right to operate, and charge for usage of a toll expressway as a consideration
                 for providing construction services in a service concession arrangement, it recognises a concession
                 intangible asset at fair value upon initial recognition. The concession operating rights are carried at cost
                 less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.

                 Amortisation of concession operating rights is calculated to write off their costs, commencing from the
                 date of commencement of commercial operation of the underlying toll expressways to the end of the
                 respective concession periods of 30 years. The annual amortisation of concession operating rights is
                 calculated by using the straight-line method over the concession periods.

                 Gains or losses arising from derecognition of a concession operating right are measured as the difference
                 between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in the
                 consolidated income statement in the period when the asset is derecognised.
146   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

             4.10 Investments and other financial assets
                    (a)     Classification
                            The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                            •      those to be measured subsequently at FVOCI (debt);

                            •      those to be measured subsequently at FVOCI (equity); and

                            •      those to be measured at amortised cost.

                            The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                            contractual terms of the cash flows.

                            For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will be recorded in OCI. For investments in equity
                            securities that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable
                            election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity securities at FVOCI.

                            The Group reclassifies debt securities when and only when its business model for managing those
                            assets changes.


                    (b)     Recognition and derecognition
                            Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which
                            the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to
                            receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has
                            transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.


                    (c)     Measurement
                            At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial
                            asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
                            acquisition of the financial asset.

                            Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether
                            their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025      147


                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

     4.10 Investments and other financial assets (continued)
          (c)   Measurement (continued)
                Debt securities
                Subsequent measurement of debt securities depends on the Group’s business model for managing the
                asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are two measurement categories into which
                the Group classifies its debt securities:

                •      Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
                       flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
                       Interest income from these financial assets is included in consolidated income statement using
                       the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly
                       in consolidated income statement.

                •      FVOCI (debt): Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the
                       financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest,
                       are measured at FVOCI (debt). Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except
                       for the recognition of impairment losses or reversals, interest income and foreign exchange gains
                       and losses which are recognised in consolidated income statement. When the financial asset is
                       derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is reclassified from equity
                       to consolidated income statement. Interest income from these financial assets is included in
                       consolidated income statement using the effective interest rate method.


                Equity securities
                The Group subsequently measures all equity securities at fair value. Where the Group’s management
                has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity securities in OCI, there is no subsequent
                reclassification of fair value gains and losses to consolidated income statement following the derecognition
                of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in consolidated income
                statement when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.


          (d)   Impairment
                The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held
                at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows
                due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted
                at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash
                flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual
                terms.


                General approach
                ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant
                increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default
                events that are possible within the next twelve months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures
                for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is
                required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of
                the default (a lifetime ECL).
148   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

             4.10 Investments and other financial assets (continued)
                    (d)     Impairment (continued)
                            General approach (continued)
                            At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
                            increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the
                            risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
                            occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and
                            supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-
                            looking information.

                            For debt securities at FVOCI, the Group applies the low credit risk simplification. At each reporting
                            date, the Group evaluates whether the debt securities are considered to have low credit risk using all
                            reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort. In making that
                            evaluation, the Group reassesses the external credit ratings of the debt securities.

                            Debt securities at FVOCI and financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the
                            general approach and they are classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for
                            trade receivables and contract assets which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

                            Stage 1    —     Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
                                             recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                                             12-month ECLs

                            Stage 2    —     Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial
                                             recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss
                                             allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

                            Stage 3    —     Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased
                                             or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an
                                             amount equal to lifetime ECLs


                            Simplified approach
                            For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when
                            the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component,
                            the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group
                            does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs
                            at each reporting date. The Group determines the ECLs based on its historical credit loss experience,
                            adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.


             4.11 Offsetting financial instruments
                    Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount are reported in the consolidated statement of
                    financial position where there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is
                    an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally
                    enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of
                    business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the company or the counterparty.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025     149


                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

     4.12 Impairment of non-financial assets
           Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment.
           Assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
           indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by
           which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an
           asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are
           grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows. Non-financial assets other
           than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of
           the reporting period.


     4.13 Inventories
           Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises direct materials and, where
           applicable, direct labour costs and those overheads that have been incurred in bringing the inventories to their
           present location and condition. Cost is calculated using the weighted average method. Net realisable value
           represents the estimated selling price less all estimated costs of completion and costs to be incurred in selling
           expenses.


     4.14 Properties held for sale
           Properties acquired for subsequent resale are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable
           value is determined by the management based on prevailing market conditions.


     4.15 Properties under development
           Properties under development comprise the cost of land, development expenditure and borrowing costs
           capitalised, and are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value takes into account
           the proceeds ultimately expected to be realised, less applicable variable selling expenses and the anticipated
           costs to complete. Upon completion, the properties are transferred to properties held for sale. Properties under
           development included in the current assets are expected to be realised in, or is intended for sale in the Group’s
           normal operating cycle.


     4.16 Amounts due from/to joint ventures, associates and related companies
           Amounts due from joint ventures, associates and related companies are recognised initially at fair value and
           subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment.

           Amounts due to joint ventures, associates and related companies are recognised initially at fair value and
           subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.


     4.17 Trade and other receivables
           Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in the ordinary
           course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal
           operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as
           non-current assets.

           Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost
           using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment.
150   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

             4.18 Cash and cash equivalents
                    Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at
                    banks, and short-term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily
                    convertible into known amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the
                    purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments.

                    For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand
                    and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand
                    and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.


             4.19 Share capital
                    Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or
                    options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.


             4.20 Trade payables, other payables and accruals
                    Trade payables are obligations to pay for materials or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course
                    of business from suppliers. Trade payables, other payables and accruals are classified as current liabilities if
                    payment is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they
                    are presented as non-current liabilities.

                    Trade payables, other payables and accruals are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at
                    amortised cost using the effective interest method.

                    The Group classifies financial liabilities that arise from a supplier finance arrangement within trade payables
                    in the consolidated statement of financial position if they have a similar nature and function to trade payables.
                    This is the case if the supplier finance arrangement is part of the working capital used in the Group’s normal
                    operating cycle, the level of security provided is similar to trade payables and the terms of the liabilities that are
                    part of the supply chain finance arrangement are not substantially different from the terms of trade payables
                    that are not part of the arrangement. Cash flows related to liabilities arising from supplier finance arrangements
                    that are classified in trade payables in the consolidated statement of financial position are included in operating
                    activities in the consolidated statement of cash flows. There were no significant non-cash changes in the
                    carrying amounts of these financial liabilities.


             4.21 Borrowings
                    Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
                    carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption
                    value is recognised in the consolidated income statement over the period of the borrowings using the effective
                    interest method.


             4.22 Borrowing costs
                    Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent
                    that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the
                    draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be
                    drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a pre-payment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the
                    facility to which it relates.

                    Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of
                    the liability for at least twelve months after the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025      151


                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

     4.22 Borrowing costs (continued)
          Relevant general and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production
          of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their
          intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready
          for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings
          pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

          All other borrowing costs are recognised in consolidated income statement in the period in which they are
          incurred.

          Borrowing costs include interest expense, interest in respect of lease liability and exchange differences arising
          from foreign currency borrowings to the extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs. The
          exchange gains and losses that are an adjustment to interest costs include the interest rate differential between
          borrowing costs that would be incurred if the entity had borrowed funds in its functional currency, and the
          borrowing costs actually incurred on foreign currency borrowings.

          When the construction of the qualifying assets takes more than one accounting period, the amount of foreign
          exchange differences eligible for capitalisation is determined for each annual period and are limited to the
          difference between the hypothetical interest amount for the functional currency borrowings and the actual
          interest incurred for foreign currency borrowings. Foreign exchange differences that did not meet the criteria
          for capitalisation in previous years should not be capitalised in subsequent years.


     4.23 Taxation
          Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

          Tax is recognised in the consolidated income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised
          in OCI or directly in equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in OCI or directly in equity, respectively.

          The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at the
          end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company’s subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
          operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with
          respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions
          where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

          Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
          tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However,
          deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income
          tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than
          a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss
          and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary difference. Deferred income tax is determined
          using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period
          and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax
          liability is settled.

          Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be
          available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

          Deferred income tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, associates and
          joint arrangements except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the reversal of the temporary
          difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
          foreseeable future.
152   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

             4.23 Taxation (continued)
                    Deferred income tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences arising from investments in
                    subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements only to the extent that it is probable the temporary difference
                    will reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit available against which the temporary difference
                    can be utilised.

                    Deferred income tax assets are recognised to the extent that their future utilisation is probable. Deferred
                    income tax arising from revaluation of investment properties is recognised on the rebuttable presumption that
                    the recovery of the carrying amount of the properties would be through sale and calculated at the applicable tax
                    rates.

                    Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
                    against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes assets and liabilities relate to taxes levied
                    by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an
                    intention to settle the balances on a net basis.


             4.24 Provisions
                    Provisions for legal claims, service warranties and make good obligations are recognised when the Group has
                    a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources
                    will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised
                    for future operating losses.

                    Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
                    determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of
                    an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

                    Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to
                    settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the present
                    value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific
                    to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.


             4.25 Employee benefits
                    (a)     Retirement benefits
                            The Group participates in mandatory provident fund schemes (“MPF”) in Hong Kong which are defined
                            contribution plan generally funded through payments to trustee-administered funds. The assets of the
                            scheme are held separately from those of the Group in independently administered funds.

                            Pursuant to the relevant regulations of the government in Chinese mainland, the subsidiaries in Chinese
                            mainland participate in the municipal government contribution scheme whereby the subsidiaries are
                            required to contribute to the scheme for the retirement benefit of eligible employees. The municipal
                            government of Chinese mainland is responsible for the entire benefit obligations payable to the retired
                            employees. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the scheme is to pay the ongoing contributions
                            required by the scheme. The Group’s contributions to the scheme are expensed as incurred.


                    (b)     Employee leave entitlements
                            Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to
                            employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave as a
                            result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period. Employee entitlements
                            to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025     153


                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

     4.25 Employee benefits (continued)
          (c)   Other employee benefits
                Defined benefit plans
                The Group’s statutory obligation to pay long service payment in Hong Kong is a defined benefit plan. The
                cost of providing benefits relating to long service payment is determined using the projected unit credit
                actuarial valuation method. The liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position in
                respect of long service payment is the net obligation, representing the present value of the future long
                service payment benefits reduced by entitlements from accrued benefits arising from MPF contributions
                made by the Group.

                Remeasurements arising from the defined benefit pension plans, comprising

                •      actuarial gains and losses; and

                •      investment returns associated with the MPF employer contributions and other experience
                       adjustments (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability)

                are recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of financial position with a corresponding
                debit or credit to retained profits through other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur.

                Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.

                Past service costs are recognised in profit or loss at the earlier of:

                •      the date of the plan amendment or curtailment; and

                •      the date that the Group recognises restructuring-related costs

                Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability. The Group
                recognises the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation under “costs of sales” and
                “administrative, selling and other operating expenses” in the consolidated income statement by function:

                •      service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses on
                       curtailments and non-routine settlements

                •      net interest expense or income
154   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

             4.26 Share-based payments
                    (a)     Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
                            The fair value of services received determined by reference to the fair value of share options granted at
                            the grant date is expensed over the vesting period, with a corresponding increase in equity (share option
                            reserve).

                            At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that are
                            expected to ultimately vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates during the vesting
                            period, if any, is recognised in consolidated income statement such that the cumulative expense reflects
                            the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to share option reserve. When the share options
                            are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share option reserve will be transferred to share
                            premium.

                            When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date,
                            the amount previously recognised in share option reserve will be transferred to retained profits.


                    (b)     Share-based payment transactions among group entities
                            Incentive shares granted by an intermediate holding company to the employees of the Group is treated
                            as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by reference to the fair
                            value of incentive shares on the date of grant, is recognised as an expense over the vesting period, with
                            a corresponding credit to equity.

                            At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of incentive shares
                            that are expected to be vested. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised
                            in the consolidated income statement, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.


             4.27 Revenue recognition
                    Revenue is recognised when or as the control of the good or service is transferred to the customer. Depending
                    on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the good or service may be
                    transferred over time or at a point in time. Control of the good or service is transferred over time if the Group’s
                    performance:

                    (a)     Provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;

                    (b)     Creates or enhances an asset that the customer control as the Group performs; or

                    (c)     Does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to
                            payment for performance completed to date.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025     155


                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

     4.27 Revenue recognition (continued)
          If control of the good or service transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract by
          reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. Otherwise, revenue is
          recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the good or service.

          The progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation is measured based on one of the
          following methods that best depict the Group’s performance in satisfying the performance obligation:

          (a)    Direct measurements of the value transferred by the Group to the customer; or

          (b)    The Group’s efforts or inputs to the satisfaction of the performance obligation relative to the total
                 expected efforts or inputs (“input method”).

          Incremental costs incurred to obtain a contract, if recoverable, are capitalised as contract related assets and
          subsequently amortised when the related revenue is recognised.


          (a)    Revenue from contracts with customers
                 (i)    Revenue from construction contracts
                        Revenue from construction contracts is recognised when or as the construction projects are
                        transferred to the customer. Depending on the terms of the contracts and the laws that are
                        applicable to the contracts, control of the construction projects may transfer over time or at
                        a point in time. If (1) the Group creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as
                        the asset is created or enhanced, or (2) construction projects have no alternative use to the
                        Group contractually and the Group has an enforceable right to payment from the customers for
                        performance completed to date, the Group satisfies the performance obligation over time and
                        therefore, recognises revenue over time in accordance with the input method for measuring
                        progress.

                        The excess of cumulative revenue recognised in consolidated income statement over the
                        cumulative billings to customers is recognised as contract assets. The excess of cumulative
                        billings to customers over the cumulative revenue recognised in consolidated income statement
                        is recognised as contract liabilities.


                 (ii)   Thermoelectricity business
                        Revenue from thermoelectricity business consists of revenue from the supply of heat, steam and
                        electricity, and connection service income.

                        Revenue from the supply of heat, steam and electricity are recognised over time based upon
                        output delivered and capacity provided at rates specified under contract terms.

                        Connection service income received and receivable, to the extent which is attributable to the
                        initial pipeline construction and connection of transmission of heat and steam, is recognised over
                        time upon the completion of services provided for the relevant connection works. Connection
                        service attributable to the continuing heat and steam transmission is recorded as contract
                        liabilities and recognised on a straight-line basis over the expected service period of heat and
                        steam transmission to be rendered with reference to the term of the operating licence of the
                        relevant entities.
156   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

             4.27 Revenue recognition (continued)
                    (a)     Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)
                            (iii)   Toll revenue
                                    Toll revenue from road and bridge operations is recognised at the time when services are
                                    rendered.


                            (iv)    Sales of goods
                                    Revenue from sales of goods are recognised at a point in time when goods are delivered and title
                                    has been passed.


                            (v)     Services income
                                    Revenue from services income, including consultancy service incomes, commission income,
                                    technical service income and management service income, is recognised over time when the
                                    corresponding services are rendered.


                    (b)     Revenue from other sources
                            (i)     Income from interests in infrastructure project investment
                                    Income from interests in infrastructure project investment is accrued on a time basis, by making
                                    reference to the carrying amount and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate
                                    that exactly discounts estimated future cash flows through the expected life of the infrastructure
                                    project to that project’s net carrying amount at initial recognition.


                            (ii)    Lease of machinery
                                    Income from lease of machinery is recognised on a straight-line basis over the terms of the
                                    relevant leases.


                            (iii)   Insurance income
                                    Revenue from insurance service is recognised proportionally over the period of coverage.


                            (iv)    Interest income generated from construction related investment projects
                                    Interest income from construction related investment projects is recognised on an accrual basis,
                                    making reference to the carrying amount and at the interest rate specified under contract terms.


                            (v)     Interest income
                                    Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and debt securities at FVOCI (debt) is
                                    calculated using the effective interest method is recognised in the consolidated income statement
                                    as part of other income.

                                    Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are
                                    held for cash management purposes. Any other interest income is included in other income.

                                    Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount
                                    of a financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For
                                    credit-impaired financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of
                                    the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025     157


                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

     4.27 Revenue recognition (continued)
           (b)    Revenue from other sources (continued)
                  (vi)    Dividend income
                          Dividends are received from equity securities at FVOCI (equity). Dividends are recognised as
                          investment income, other income and other gains/(losses), net in the consolidated income
                          statement when the right to receive payment is established.


                  (vii)   Rental income
                          Rental income is recognised in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over
                          the lease term.


     4.28 Government grant
           Government grant is recognised when the Group complied with prerequisite conditions and there is a reasonable
           assurance that the grant will be received.


     4.29 Contingent liabilities and contingent assets
           A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be
           confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the
           control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised because
           it is not probable that outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of obligation cannot be
           measured reliably.

           A contingent liability, other than that assumed in a business combination, is not recognised but is disclosed in
           the notes to the consolidated financial statements. When a change in the probability of an outflow occurs so
           that outflow is probable, it will then be recognised as a provision.

           A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only
           by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of
           the Group.

           A contingent asset is not recognised but is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements when
           an inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually certain, an asset is recognised.


     4.30 Insurance contracts
           The Group assesses at the end of each reporting period the liabilities under its insurance contracts using current
           estimates of future cash flows. If the carrying amount of the relevant insurance liabilities is less than the
           best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the relevant insurance liabilities at the end of the reporting
           period, the Group recognises the entire difference in the consolidated income statement. These estimates are
           recognised only when the outflow is probable and the estimates can be reliably measured.


     4.31 Dividends distribution
           Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.
           Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Interim dividends
           are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles of association
           grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognised
           immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.
158   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      4.     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

             4.32 Contract related assets and contract liabilities
                    Upon entering into a contract with a customer, the Group obtains rights to receive consideration from the
                    customer and assumes performance obligations to transfer goods or provide services to the customer. If the
                    Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before being unconditionally entitled to the
                    consideration under the contract terms, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is
                    conditional. Contract assets are reclassified to trade receivables when the right to the consideration becomes
                    unconditional.

                    A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from
                    a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as
                    revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to
                    the customer).

                    Contract assets are assessed for impairment under the same approach adopted for impairment assessment of
                    trade receivables. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group transfers the goods or services
                    to the customers and therefore satisfied its performance obligation.

                    The incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer are capitalised and presented as contract related
                    assets, if the Group expects to recover those costs, and are subsequently amortised on a systematic basis that
                    is consistent with the transfer to the customers of the goods or services to which the assets relate. The Group
                    recognises an impairment loss in the consolidated income statement to the extent that the carrying amount of
                    the contract related assets recognised exceeds the remaining amounts of consideration that the Group expects
                    to receive less the costs that relate directly to providing those goods or services that have not been recognised
                    as expenses.


             4.33 Perpetual capital securities
                    Perpetual capital securities with no contracted obligation to repay its principal or to pay any distribution are
                    classified as part of equity.


             4.34 Related parties
                    A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

                    (a)     the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

                            (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                            (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                            (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

                    or
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025      159


                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)

     4.34 Related parties (continued)
           (b)    the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                  (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

                  (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                           subsidiary of the other entity);

                  (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                  (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

                  (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                           an entity related to the Group;

                  (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                  (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                           management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                  (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                           services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.


     4.35 Events after the reporting period
           If the Group receives information after the reporting period, but prior to the date of authorisation for issue,
           about conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period, it will assess whether the information affects
           the amounts that it recognises in the consolidated financial statements. The Group will adjust the amounts
           recognised in the consolidated financial statements to reflect any adjusting events after the reporting period and
           update the disclosures that relate to those conditions in light of the new information. For non-adjusting events
           after the reporting period, the Group will not change the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial
           statements, but will disclose the nature of the non-adjusting events and an estimate of their financial effects, or
           a statement that such an estimate cannot be made, if applicable.
160   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      5.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

             5.1    Financial instruments by category
                                                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (restated)
                      Financial assets
                      Financial assets at amortised cost
                        Interests in infrastructure project investments                       3,467,993           3,688,437
                        Amounts due from investee companies                                      13,193              13,632
                        Loan receivables                                                         44,524                  —
                        Loans to joint ventures                                               1,034,191             999,497
                        Loan to an associate                                                      1,348                  —
                        Amounts due from joint ventures                                       5,665,536           5,818,712
                        Amounts due from associates                                             263,610             451,987
                        Amounts due from related companies                                        7,706              27,233
                        Trade and other receivables                                         148,878,600         140,500,262
                        Deposits                                                                 15,043              22,989
                        Bank balances and cash                                               30,328,604          28,589,158
                      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income         496,307             235,093
                                                                                            190,216,655         180,347,000


                                                                                                  2025                  2024
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (restated)
                      Financial liabilities
                      Financial liabilities at amortised cost
                        Trade payables, other payables and accruals                           96,447,267         94,119,227
                        Deposits received                                                        191,627             36,746
                        Amounts due to joint ventures                                          1,092,957            978,670
                        Amounts due to associates                                                 60,058             61,450
                        Amounts due to related companies                                         398,968            320,130
                        Bank borrowings                                                       72,157,962         68,076,232
                        Guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds                          13,244,394         12,802,598
                        Loan from a fellow subsidiary                                            155,000            251,100
                        Lease liabilities                                                        314,228            306,183
                                                                                            184,062,461         176,952,336


                    The Group’s exposure to various risks associated with the financial instruments is discussed below. The
                    maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount of each class of
                    financial assets mentioned above.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025      161


                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

     5.2   Financial risk factors
           The Group’s activities expose itself to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk and
           interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the
           unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial
           performance.


           (a)    Market risk
                  (i)     Currency risk
                          The Group and the Company undertake certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies,
                          primarily with respect to the HK$ and United States dollar (“US$”), hence exposures to exchange
                          rate fluctuation arise. The Group and the Company currently do not use any derivative contracts
                          to hedge against their exposure to currency risk. The management manages its foreign currency
                          risk by closely reviewing the movement of the foreign currency rate and adjust the financing
                          structure if needed.

                          The Group has certain investments in foreign operations, whose net assets are exposed to
                          foreign currency translation risk. Currency exposure arising from the net assets of the Group’s
                          foreign operations is managed primarily through borrowings denominated in the relevant foreign
                          currencies.

                          At 31 December 2025, if RMB had weakened/strengthened 5% (2024: 5%) against HK$ with all
                          other variables held constant, the consolidated profit before tax for the year would have been
                          approximately RMB7,321,000 lower/higher (2024 restated: RMB13,121,000 lower/higher).


                  (ii)    Interest rate risk
                          The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to floating rate trade and other
                          receivables, floating rate bank borrowings and bank deposits. Interest rate risk on bank deposits
                          is considered immaterial and therefore have been excluded from the sensitivity analysis below.
                          The Group currently does not have any interest rate hedging policy. However, from time to time,
                          if interest rate fluctuates significantly, appropriate measures would be taken to manage interest
                          rate exposure. The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the fluctuation
                          of Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate arising from its variable rate bank borrowings and borrowing
                          rates offered by The People’s Bank of China arising from its variable rate bank borrowings and
                          trade and other receivables. For details of trade and other receivables and bank borrowings,
                          please refer to notes 27 and 38, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.

                          The Group is also exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed interest debt securities,
                          guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds. Fair value interest rate risk on fixed interest debt
                          securities is considered immaterial. Management will also consider hedging significant interest
                          rate exposure should the need arises.

                          The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates for
                          variable rate trade and other receivables and bank borrowings. The analysis is prepared assuming
                          the amount of asset and liability outstanding at the end of the reporting period was outstanding
                          for the whole year. A 50 (2024: 50) basis points increase or decrease representing management’s
                          assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates is used.

                          If interest rates had been 50 (2024: 50) basis points higher/lower with all other variables held
                          constant, the profit before tax would decrease/increase by approximately RMB67,700,000 (2024
                          restated: RMB127,003,000).
162   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      5.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

             5.2    Financial risk factors (continued)
                    (b)     Credit risk
                            As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial
                            loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties arises from the carrying
                            amount of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial
                            position.

                            In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
                            determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up
                            action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable amount of each
                            individual debt at the end of each reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment losses are made
                            for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit
                            risk is significantly reduced.

                            The credit risk on bank balances and cash is limited because the counterparties are banks with high
                            credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies or state-owned financial institutions in
                            Chinese mainland.

                            The credit risk on amounts due from investee companies, joint ventures and associates, loan receivables,
                            and loans to joint ventures and associates is limited because the counterparties, which are engaged
                            in property development, property investment and provision of construction services in Hong Kong,
                            Chinese mainland and Macau, have strong financial positions.

                            The credit risk on interests in infrastructure project investments, contract assets, deposits and trade
                            and other receivables is limited because the counterparties are mainly PRC government-related entities.
                            The Group assessed the credit losses against interests in infrastructure project investments, contract
                            assets, deposits and trade and other receivables and the related expected credit loss is insignificant to
                            the consolidated financial statement of the Group.

                            Other than concentration of credit risk on bank balances and cash, interests in infrastructure project
                            investments, amounts due from investee companies, joint ventures and associates, and long term trade
                            receivables, the Group does not have any other significant concentration of credit risk. Trade receivables,
                            loan receivables, loans to joint ventures and associates and financial assets at FVOCI (debt) consist of a
                            large number of parties, spread across diverse industries and geographical areas.

                            Financial assets measured at amortised cost are all classified under Stage 1 for measurement of ECLs
                            except for trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component
                            which apply simplified approach in calculating ECLs.
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   163


                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

     5.2   Financial risk factors (continued)
           (c)   Liquidity risk
                 The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that
                 it maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

                 The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings
                 based on the remaining period at the end of the reporting period to the contractual maturity date. The
                 amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.


                                                                   Within         Between         Between
                                                               one year or         one and         two and             Over
                                                               on demand         two years       five years      five years        Total
                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000
                     The Group
                     At 31 December 2025
                     Trade payables, other payables and
                       accruals*                                75,936,023       8,792,304      11,718,940              —       96,447,267
                     Deposits received                             191,627              —               —               —          191,627
                     Amounts due to joint ventures               1,092,957              —               —               —        1,092,957
                     Amounts due to associates                      60,058              —               —               —           60,058
                     Amounts due to related companies              398,968              —               —               —          398,968
                     Bank borrowings                            20,550,030      20,606,366      35,246,370       4,344,894      80,747,660
                     Guaranteed notes payable and
                       corporate bonds                           1,367,456       3,493,309       9,031,219                 —    13,891,984
                     Loan from a fellow subsidiary                 155,000              —               —                  —       155,000
                     Lease liabilities                             129,578          76,529          86,833             45,781      338,721
                                                                99,881,697      32,968,508      56,083,362       4,390,675 193,324,242


                 *         Financial liabilities that are part of the supplier finance arrangements of RMB3,042,221,000 (2024 restated:
                           RMB3,371,598,000) were included in trade payables in the statement of financial position.
164   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      5.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

             5.2    Financial risk factors (continued)
                    (c)     Liquidity risk (continued)


                                                                        Within      Between        Between
                                                                   one year or       one and        two and          Over
                                                                   on demand       two years      five years    five years         Total
                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                     (restated)     (restated)     (restated)    (restated)    (restated)
                             The Group
                             At 31 December 2024
                             Trade payables, other payables and
                               accruals*                           81,509,470      6,297,571      6,312,186            —      94,119,227
                             Deposits received                         36,746             —              —             —          36,746
                             Amounts due to joint ventures            978,670             —              —             —         978,670
                             Amounts due to associates                 61,450             —              —             —          61,450
                             Amounts due to related companies         320,130             —              —             —         320,130
                             Bank borrowings                       18,846,899     22,691,136     27,689,004     8,783,304     78,010,343
                             Guaranteed notes payable and
                               corporate bonds                      2,718,441      1,325,003      9,546,447           —       13,589,891
                             Loans from a fellow subsidiary           255,100             —              —            —          255,100
                             Lease liabilities                        123,294         95,757         76,599       36,812         332,462
                                                                  104,850,200     30,409,467     43,624,236     8,820,116 187,704,019


             5.3    Capital risk management
                    The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
                    concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an
                    optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

                    In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to
                    shareholders, return capital to shareholders, redeem guaranteed notes payable, issue and redeem perpetual
                    capital securities, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

                    The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
                    total capital. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including current and non-current bank borrowings,
                    guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position)
                    less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital represents the equity attributable to owners of the Company,
                    perpetual capital securities and non-controlling interests.

                    The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year. The net gearing ratio is 68.5% (2024: 73.6%)
                    as at 31 December 2025.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025      165


                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

     5.4   Fair value estimation
           The table below analyses the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The
           different levels have been defined as follows:

           Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

           Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
           (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

           Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (level
           3).

           The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value at 31 December
           2025 and 2024.


                                                                                  At 31 December 2025
                                                                  Level 1           Level 2       Level 3               Total
                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000               RMB’000
            Debt and equity securities at FVOCI
            Listed debt securities                                 446,758                 —                 —         446,758
            Unlisted equity securities                                  —                  —             49,549         49,549
                                                                   446,758                 —             49,549        496,307


                                                                                   At 31 December 2024
                                                                   Level 1           Level 2        Level 3               Total
                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                 (restated)        (restated)     (restated)          (restated)
            Debt and equity securities at FVOCI
            Listed debt securities                                 184,000                 —                 —         184,000
            Unlisted equity securities                                  —                  —             51,093         51,093
                                                                   184,000                 —             51,093        235,093


           There were no transfers between the levels during the year (2024: Nil).
166   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      5.     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

             5.4    Fair value estimation (continued)
                    The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the years ended 31 December 2025 and
                    2024:


                                                                                                     Equity securities at FVOCI
                                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                            (restated)
                        At 1 January                                                                       51,093                177,817
                        Exchange adjustments                                                               (1,544)                 4,230
                        Transfer to interests in associates                                                    —                (130,954)
                        At 31 December                                                                     49,549                 51,093


                    The changes in fair value of the above financial instruments in level 3 were recognised in OCI.

                    The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the end of
                    the reporting period. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price.
                    These instruments are included in level 1, which are classified as financial assets at FVOCI.

                    The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation
                    techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and
                    rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument
                    are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

                    If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in
                    level 3.

                    Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

                    •         Market value provided by the issuers as their best estimate of the fair value of the investment.

                    •         Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair value for the
                              remaining financial instruments.

                    The unobservable inputs of the valuation include estimated revenue and discount rate by reference to other
                    investments that are substantially the same. Changing unobservable inputs used in the level 3 valuation to
                    reasonable alternative assumptions would not change significantly the fair values recognised.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025    167


                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025




5.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)

     5.4    Fair value estimation (continued)
            The fair value of the following financial assets and liabilities approximate to their carrying amounts:

            •       Interests in infrastructure project investments

            •       Trade and other receivables and deposits

            •       Bank balances and cash

            •       Loans from/(to) joint ventures, an associate and a fellow subsidiary

            •       Loan receivables

            •       Amounts due from/(to) joint ventures, associates, related companies and investee companies

            •       Trade payables, other payables and accruals and deposits received

            •       Bank borrowings

            •       Guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds

6.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
     Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
     expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

     The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
     seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
     adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.

     6.1    Progress of construction works
            The Group recognises revenue according to the progress towards complete satisfaction of performance
            obligation of the individual contract of construction works. The progress is determined by the aggregated cost for
            the individual contract incurred at the end of the reporting period compared with the estimated budgeted cost.
            Management’s estimation of the cost incurred to date and the budgeted cost is primarily based on construction
            budget and actual cost report prepared by internal quantity surveyors, where applicable. Corresponding revenue
            from contract work is also estimated by management based on the progress and budgeted revenue. Because
            of the nature of the activities undertaken in construction contracts, the date at which the contract activity is
            entered into and the date when the activity is completed usually fall into different accounting periods. The Group
            regularly reviews and revises the estimation of both contract revenue and contract cost in the budget prepared
            for each construction contract as the contract progresses.

     6.2    Estimation of foreseeable losses in respect of construction works
            Management estimates the amount of foreseeable losses of construction works based on the management
            budgets prepared for the construction works. Budgeted construction income is determined in accordance
            with the terms set out in the relevant contracts. Budgeted construction costs which mainly comprise sub-
            contracting charges and costs of materials are prepared by management on the basis of quotations from time
            to time provided by the major sub-contractors/suppliers/vendors involved and experience of management. A
            foreseeable loss is a contract in which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the contract
            exceed the economic benefits expected to be received under it. In order to keep the budget accurate and up-to-
            date, management conducts periodic review on the management budgets by comparing the budgeted amounts
            to the actual amounts incurred.
168   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      6.     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (continued)

             6.3    Recoverability of receivables, contract assets and amounts due from related parties
                    The provision for receivables, contract assets and amounts due from related parties are based on assumptions
                    about risk of default and expected loss rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and
                    selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions
                    as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.


             6.4    Impairment of property, plant and equipment, trademark, project backlogs and licences, and
                    goodwill
                    The Group regularly reviews whether there are any indications of impairment and recognises an impairment loss
                    if the carrying amount of an asset is lower than its recoverable amount. The Group tests annually for impairment
                    for those intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life, i.e. goodwill and licences. The recoverable amounts
                    have been determined based on the higher of the fair value less costs of disposal and value in use calculations.
                    These calculations require the use of estimates, such as discount rates, future profitability and growth rates.


             6.5    Impairment of concession operating rights
                    Determining whether concession operating rights are impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable
                    amount. In measuring the recoverable amount of the concession operating rights, the Group has looked at the
                    value in use, based on the following factors: the expected future traffic volumes, expected future toll fee level,
                    length of operating rights, maintenance costs and discount rates (the “Relevant Factors”).

                    In arriving at the recoverable amount of the concession operating rights, the management exercised their
                    judgement with reference to these Relevant Factors in estimating the recoverable amounts of the toll road
                    operating rights.


             6.6    Estimate of fair value of investment properties
                    The fair values of investment properties involve certain assumptions of market rent, market price and
                    capitalisation rate. Favourable or unfavourable changes to these assumptions would result in changes in the
                    fair values of the Group’s investment properties and corresponding adjustments to the amount of gain or loss
                    recognised in the consolidated income statement.


             6.7    Income and deferred tax
                    The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining
                    the worldwide provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which the ultimate
                    tax determination is uncertain. The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on
                    estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different
                    from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred income tax
                    assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.

                    The recognition of deferred tax assets is based upon whether it is more likely than not that sufficient taxable
                    profits will be available in the future against which the reversal of temporary differences can be deducted. To
                    determine the future taxable profits, reference is made to the latest available profit forecasts and relevant tax
                    law is considered to determine the availability of the losses to offset against the future taxable profits.
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025       169


                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025




7.   REVENUE

     Revenue represents the revenue arising from construction contracts, construction related investment projects, facade
     contracting business, infrastructure operation, industrial plant reconstruction, project consultancy services, sales of
     building materials, machinery leasing, insurance contracts and rental income from investment properties.

     An analysis of the revenue is as follows:


                                                                                                               2025                      2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                        Notes                                       (restated)
       Revenue from construction contracts                                                                42,786,319              43,493,174
       Revenue from construction related investment projects                              (a)             51,084,853              53,835,484
       Revenue from facade contracting business                                                            2,999,234               3,603,619
       Revenue from infrastructure operation                                              (b)                716,120                 662,035
       Others                                                                             (c)              2,861,974               3,728,359
                                                                                                         100,448,500             105,322,671

       Revenue from contracts with customers                                              (d)
       Timing of revenue recognition
       — Over time                                                                                        95,063,432              99,085,276
       — At a point in time                                                                                2,557,720               3,005,186
                                                                                                          97,621,152             102,090,462
       Revenue from other sources
       — Interest income generated from construction related
           investment projects                                                            (a)               2,559,731              2,601,285
       — Others                                                                           (e)                 267,617                630,924
                                                                                                            2,827,348              3,232,209
                                                                                                         100,448,500             105,322,671


     Notes:


     (a)      Revenue from construction related investment projects mainly comprises revenue generated from the provision of construction
              services under Public-Private-Partnership (“PPP”) model and government targeted repurchase of resettlement housing project, and the
              corresponding interest income.


     (b)      Revenue from infrastructure operation comprises revenue from thermoelectricity business and toll road operation.


     (c)      Revenue from others mainly comprises revenue from industrial plant reconstruction, project consultancy services, sales of building
              materials, machinery leasing, insurance contracts and rental income from investment properties.


     (d)      The revenue recognised for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are recognised over time, except for toll road operation,
              sales of building materials and industrial plant reconstruction of approximately RMB172,848,000 (2024 restated: RMB121,631,000),
              RMB1,026,380,000 (2024 restated: RMB1,996,791,000) and RMB1,358,492,000 (2024 restated: RMB886,764,000), respectively, which
              were recognised at a point in time.


     (e)      The amount mainly comprises revenue from machinery leasing, insurance contracts and rental income from investment properties.
170   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      8.     SEGMENT INFORMATION

             The Group’s reportable segments, based on information reported to the chief operating decision maker for the purposes
             of resources allocation and performance assessments, include (i) the Group’s share of revenue and results of joint
             ventures, and (ii) geographical locations where the Group’s subsidiaries operate, namely Chinese mainland (other than
             Hong Kong and Macau), Hong Kong and Macau.

             China State Construction Development Holdings Limited (“CSC Development”), a limited liability company incorporated
             in the Cayman Islands and listed on the Main Board of the SEHK, and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the
             “CSC Development Group”) are currently managed by a separate business team. The chief operating decision maker
             regards the CSC Development Group as a distinct reportable segment and assesses its performance based on its
             overall result.

             Segment revenue and results for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:


                                                              Segment revenue                Gross profit               Segment results
                                                                2025          2024           2025           2024          2025          2024
                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                          (restated)                    (restated)                  (restated)
              Reportable segments
              Chinese mainland                              53,599,388     55,283,576    13,331,315    12,963,315     11,887,623    11,722,441
              Hong Kong and Macau                           43,142,125     45,631,763     2,234,506     2,481,000      1,989,315     2,120,199
                 Hong Kong                                   39,753,764     37,594,330     1,464,227      1,387,588     1,241,727     1,113,009
                 Macau                                        3,388,361      8,037,433       770,279      1,093,412       747,588     1,007,190
              CSC Development Group                          3,706,987      4,407,332      415,878        885,257       295,200       719,746
                                                           100,448,500    105,322,671    15,981,699    16,329,572     14,172,138    14,562,386

              Share of revenue/results of joint ventures     3,636,250      3,207,697                                   846,409       583,499
              Total                                        104,084,750    108,530,368                                 15,018,547    15,145,885

              Unallocated corporate expense and income/
                 gain, net                                                                                              (593,476)     (665,459)
              Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                                                —         62,312
              Share of profits of associates                                                                              12,068       244,813
              Finance costs                                                                                           (2,469,668)   (2,948,312)
              Profit before tax                                                                                       11,967,471    11,839,239
                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025        171


                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




8.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

     Measurement
     Performance is measured based on segment result that is used by the chief operating decision maker for the purposes
     of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance.

     Segment revenue of Hong Kong and Macau comprises the revenue mainly from construction contracts, machinery
     leasing, insurance contracts, rental income from investment properties and others while segment revenue of regions
     in Chinese mainland comprises the revenue from construction contracts, interest income and construction income
     generated from construction related investment projects, toll road operation, sales of building materials and industrial
     plant reconstruction.

     Segment revenue of the CSC Development Group represents revenue from facade contracting business, project
     consultancy services, general contracting business, thermoelectricity business and operations management derived
     from Hong Kong, Macau, Chinese mainland and overseas operations.

     The revenue, gross profit and results of the Group are allocated based on operations of the segments. Taxation is not
     allocated to reportable segments.

     Operating and reportable segment results represent the profit/loss earned or incurred by each segment excluding non-
     recurring investment income, other income and other gains/(losses), net, finance costs, share of profits of associates
     and unallocated corporate expenses. This is the measurement basis reported to the chief operating decision maker for
     the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.

     Amounts included in the measure of segment profit or loss:


                                       Chinese mainland          Hong Kong                 Macau           CSC Development Group     Total
                                         2025        2024        2025       2024         2025       2024        2025       2024   2025         2024
                                      RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000 RMB’000         RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000
                                                 (restated)             (restated)              (restated)             (restated)          (restated)
      Allowance for doubtful
          debts on trade and other
          receivables                       —      (17,647)     (7,178)         —           —          —      (21,411)         —        (28,589)    (17,647)
      Depreciation and
         amortisation                 (391,388)   (346,770)   (288,815)   (294,966)    (18,205)   (57,182)   (180,886)   (177,385)     (879,294)   (876,303)
      Gain on disposal of property,
         plant and equipment, net          303       4,016       1,614       5,948          —          —     109,936      10,008       111,853      19,972
      Gain/(loss) on fair value
          changes of investment
          properties, net                1,556      (4,182)    (58,018)   (146,583)     (4,788)     4,972      (4,536)         —        (65,786)   (145,793)
      Gain on disposal of
         investment properties           6,442         908          —           —           —          —           —           —          6,442        908
      Impairment on concession
         operating right, net          (84,000)         —           —           —           —          —           —           —        (84,000)         —
172   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      8.     SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)

             Other geographical information

                                                                                                   Additions to property,
                                                                   Non-current assets              plant and equipment
                                                                     2025             2024             2025             2024
                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                  (restated)                        (restated)
              Chinese mainland                                   9,266,319        8,497,417           598,219          581,614
              Hong Kong                                          5,873,964        5,297,233           356,168          298,206
              Macau                                              1,979,704        2,021,130            14,135           94,869
              Others                                                18,298          373,874             3,781              879
                                                                17,138,285       16,189,654           972,303          975,568


             Non-current assets excluded financial assets at FVOCI, deferred tax assets, interests in infrastructure project
             investments, amounts due from investee companies, trade and other receivables, loans to joint ventures, interests in
             joint ventures and associates and loan receivables.

             Investments in financial assets that are managed by the treasury department are not considered to be segment assets.
             These are investments in debt and equity securities that are classified as financial assets at FVOCI.

             The information of the CSC Development Group was allocated to the Hong Kong, Macau, Chinese mainland and others
             in accordance with the locations that the CSC Development Group operated in.


             Segment assets and liabilities
             No assets and liabilities are included in the measures of the Group’s segment reporting that are used by the chief
             operating decision maker for performance assessment and resource allocation. Accordingly, no segment assets and
             liabilities are presented.


             Major customers’ information
             In 2025 and 2024, no revenue from sales to a single customer represents 10 percent or more of the Group’s total
             revenue.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   173


                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




9.   INVESTMENT INCOME, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES), NET

                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                          (restated)
     Interest income on:
       Bank deposits                                                    281,235            273,959
       Debt securities at FVOCI                                          12,578              8,326
       Loans to joint ventures                                            6,754             17,044
       Deposits with a fellow subsidiary                                    860              2,056
     Dividend income from equity securities at FVOCI                     23,244             10,870
     Gain on disposal of:
       Property, plant and equipment, net                               111,853              19,972
       Subsidiaries                                                          —               62,312
       Investment properties                                              6,442                 908
       Debt securities at FVOCI                                             160                  —
     Gain on acquisition of a subsidiary                                 23,068                  —
     Loss on fair value changes of investment properties, net           (65,786)           (145,793)
     Impairment on concession operating rights, net                     (84,000)                 —
     Service income                                                          45               5,365
     Others                                                             (67,747)            (43,326)
                                                                        248,706            211,693


10. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                          (restated)
     Interest on bank borrowings                                      2,112,657           2,555,002
     Interest on guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds           384,261             357,741
     Interest on loan from a joint venture                                   —               34,601
     Interest on loans from a fellow subsidiary                           2,053               9,633
     Interest on lease liabilities                                       11,041               9,118
     Others                                                               3,126              28,479
                                                                      2,513,138           2,994,574
     Less: Capitalised in the cost of qualifying assets                 (43,470)            (46,262)
                                                                      2,469,668           2,948,312
174   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      11.    BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS

             (a)    Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
                    The emoluments paid or payable to each of the eight (2024: eight) directors were as follows:


                                                                                              Other emoluments
                                                                                               Contributions     Performance
                                                                                               to retirement           related
                                                                               Salaries and           benefit       incentive          Total
                                                           Notes        Fee     allowances          schemes          payment     emoluments
                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (Note (i))
                     For the year ended 31 December 2025

                     Non-executive Directors
                     Yan Jianguo                                          —             —                 —               —               —
                     Ye Nan                                 (ii)          —             —                 —               —               —

                     Executive Directors
                     Zhang Haipeng                          (iii)         —             —                 —               —               —
                     Wang Xiaoguang                                       —          1,298                17           1,123           2,438
                     Hung Cheung Shew                       (iv)          —          3,799                —            1,451           5,250

                     Independent Non-executive Directors
                     Wong Wai Ching                                     376             —                 —               —             376
                     Chan Tze Ching Ignatius                            376             —                 —               —             376
                     Chan Fan                               (vi)        376             —                 —               —             376
                                                                       1,128         5,097                17           2,574           8,816

                     For the year ended 31 December 2024
                       (restated)

                     Non-executive Directors
                     Yan Jianguo                                          —             —                 —               —               —

                     Executive Directors
                     Zhang Haipeng                          (iii)         —            881                10              —              891
                     Wang Xiaoguang                                       —          1,260                16           1,200           2,476
                     Hung Cheung Shew                       (iv)          —          3,099                —            2,749           5,848

                     Independent Non-executive Directors
                     Raymond Leung Hai Ming                 (v)         162             —                 —               —             162
                     Wong Wai Ching                                     375             —                 —               —             375
                     Chan Tze Ching Ignatius                            375             —                 —               —             375
                     Chan Fan                               (vi)        214             —                 —               —             214
                                                                       1,126         5,240                26           3,949          10,341
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025        175


                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2025




11.   BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (continued)

      (a)   Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (continued)
            Notes:


            (i)        The performance related incentive payment is determined primarily based on the performance of each director and the
                       profitability of the Group.


            (ii)       Mr. Ye Nan was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 22 March 2025.


            (iii)      Mr. Zhang Haipeng decided to waive his director’s emoluments and ceased to receive any director’s emolument with effect
                       from 1 August 2024.


            (iv)       The monthly salary of Mr. Hung Cheung Shew has been adjusted to HK$281,200 with effect from 1 February 2024.


            (v)        Dr. Raymond Leung Hai Ming retired as an independent non-executive director of the Company with effect from 6 June 2024.


            (vi)       Mr. Chan Fan was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company with effect from 6 June 2024.


            No emolument was paid by the Group to any of the directors as inducement to join or upon joining the Group
            or as compensation for loss of office. None of the directors waived any emolument during the years ended 31
            December 2025 and 2024, except as mentioned in note 11(a)(iii) above.

            Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, one (2024: one) is director of the Group whose emolument
            is disclosed above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining four (2024: four) highest paid
            employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Group are as follows:


                                                                                                             2025                      2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                                                  (restated)
                  Salaries and allowances                                                                    10,614                    9,339
                  Contributions to retirement benefit schemes                                                    33                       49
                  Performance related incentive payments                                                      1,347                    1,974
                                                                                                             11,994                   11,362


            The number of non-director highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as
            follows:


                                                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                                                                                  (restated)
                  RMB2,500,001 to RMB3,000,000                                                                     1                       2
                  RMB3,000,001 to RMB3,500,000                                                                     3                       2
                                                                                                                   4                       4


      (b)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
            No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
            Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
            indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year (2024: Nil).
176   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      12. INCOME TAX EXPENSES, NET

                                                                                                         2025                   2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                           (restated)
              Current tax:
                Hong Kong profits tax                                                                  168,193               194,540
                Other jurisdictions income tax                                                       2,818,335             2,375,238
                Chinese mainland land appreciation tax (“LAT”)                                          20,796                37,616
                Chinese mainland withholding income tax                                                156,247               154,155
                                                                                                     3,163,571             2,761,549
              Over provision in prior years:
               Hong Kong profits tax                                                                   (39,893)              (74,835)
               Other jurisdictions income tax                                                         (136,626)             (115,907)
                                                                                                      (176,519)             (190,742)
              Deferred tax, net (Note 23)                                                               (24,954)              48,150
              Income tax expenses for the year, net                                                  2,962,098             2,618,957


             Hong Kong profits tax is calculated at 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) of the estimated assessable profits, except for the Company
             which was a qualifying entity under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The first HK$2,000,000 of assessable profits
             of the Company was taxed at 8.25% and the remaining assessable profits were taxed at 16.5%. Income taxes arising
             in other jurisdictions are calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.

             The Group is within the scope of the Pillar Two model rules. The Group has applied the mandatory exception to
             recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities arising from Pillar Two income taxes, and
             will account for the Pillar Two income taxes as current tax when incurred. Pillar Two legislation was gazetted in Hong
             Kong on 6 June 2025, the jurisdiction in which the Company is listed, and has come into effect retroactively from 1
             January 2025. As of 31 December 2025, Pillar Two legislation has been enacted or substantively enacted and has taken
             effect in Hong Kong, Luxembourg, Singapore and the United Kingdom in which the Group operates.

             The Group has assessed its potential exposure based on the information available regarding the full-year financial
             performance of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025. As such, it may not be entirely representative of
             future circumstances. Based on the assessment, the Group should benefit from the transitional Country-by-Country
             Reporting safe harbour for most of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates, and the Group does not expect a
             significant exposure to Pillar Two income tax. The Group continues to follow Pillar Two legislative developments, as
             more countries prepare to enact the Pillar Two model rules, to evaluate the potential future impact on its consolidated
             financial statements.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025     177


                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025




12. INCOME TAX EXPENSES, NET (continued)

    The tax charge for the year can be reconciled to the profit before tax per the consolidated income statement as follows:


                                                                                              2025                   2024
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                (restated)


     Profit before tax                                                                    11,967,471           11,839,239
     Share of profits of
       Joint ventures                                                                       (846,409)            (583,499)
       Associates                                                                            (12,068)            (244,813)
                                                                                          11,108,994           11,010,927

     Tax at domestic income tax rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%)                                1,832,984            1,816,803
     Effect of different tax rates of profit arising from other jurisdictions                728,393              617,978
     Chinese mainland withholding income tax                                                 156,247              154,155
     LAT                                                                                      20,796               37,616
     Tax effect of LAT                                                                        (3,431)              (6,207)
     Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                   290,592              225,648
     Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                        (51,102)            (124,450)
     Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                 216,377              201,560
     Tax effect of utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                         (31,515)             (71,013)
     Overprovision in prior years                                                           (176,519)            (190,742)
     Others                                                                                  (20,724)             (42,391)
     Tax charge for the year                                                               2,962,098            2,618,957
178   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      13. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR

                                                                                                2025            2024
                                                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                           (restated)
              Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):
              Contracts costs                                                               83,301,249    88,017,685
              Cost of inventories sold                                                         678,033       480,862
              Cost of supply of heat, steam and electricity                                    270,510       289,605

              Employee benefits expense (including directors’ emoluments):
               Staff costs                                                                   6,509,788     6,347,267
               Contributions to retirement benefit plans                                       459,564       404,967
               Share-based payment                                                                  —          6,768
                                                                                             6,969,352     6,759,002
              Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                   515,238       540,072
              Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                             203,662       175,889
                                                                                              718,900       715,961
              Amortisation of concession operating rights (included in costs of sales)        144,537       144,537
              Amortisation of trademark and licences (included in administrative, selling
               and other operating expenses)                                                   15,857        15,805

              Auditor’s remuneration:
                Audit services                                                                 12,144        11,103
                Non-audit services                                                                440           625
                                                                                               12,584        11,728
              Short-term lease expense in respect of:
                Plant and machinery                                                           413,956       221,233
                Land and buildings                                                             33,241        28,519
                                                                                              447,197       249,752
              Rental income from operating leases                                              (81,616)      (87,831)
              Less: Direct operating expenses from property that generated rental
                       income                                                                  18,869        24,653
              Net rental income                                                                (62,747)      (63,178)
              Allowance for doubtful debts on trade and other receivables, net                 28,589         17,647
              Exchange losses/(gain), net                                                     110,006        (83,219)
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025    179


                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




14. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                            2025                   2024
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                              (restated)
     Dividends recognised as distributions during the year:
     2024 Final, paid — HK28.5 cents per share (2024: 2023 Final, paid —
       HK28.5 cents per share)                                                           1,398,546           1,339,097
     2025 Interim, paid — HK34.0 cents per share (2024: 2024 Interim, paid —
       HK33.0 cents per share)                                                           1,648,685           1,515,124
                                                                                         3,047,231           2,854,221


    The final dividend of HK28.5 cents (2024: HK28.5 cents) per share amounting to approximately RMB1,354,889,000
    (2024 restated: RMB1,398,546,000) in aggregate, has been proposed by the directors and is subject to approval by the
    shareholders in the forthcoming annual general meeting.


15. EARNINGS PER SHARE

    The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the
    following data:


                                                                                            2025                   2024
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                              (restated)
     Earnings
     Earnings for the purposes of basic and diluted earnings per share                   8,588,443           8,565,331


                                                                                              2025                2024
                                                                                              ’000                ’000
     Number of shares
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic and
      diluted earnings per share                                                         5,233,967           5,037,617


    Diluted earnings per share is the same as basic earnings per share as the Company did not have any dilutive potential
    ordinary shares during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.
180   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                              Heat and
                                                                             electricity                 Furniture,
                                                                Land and         supply               fixtures and        Motor Construction
                                                                buildings      facilities   Machinery equipment         vehicles in progress       Total
                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
              Cost
              At 1 January 2024 (restated)                      4,731,023    1,818,751       1,412,477     556,035      139,862     103,470      8,761,618
              Exchange adjustments (restated)                      30,784         (810)         15,716      (7,238)       2,181      (1,205)        39,428
              Additions (restated)                                113,270          614         254,213     148,340       32,331     426,800        975,568
              Reclassification upon the completion of
                 construction (restated)                          54,895         20,694        18,988       11,237           —      (105,814)           —
              Transfer between property, plant and equipment
                 and investment properties, net (restated)         8,235              —             —            —           —            —          8,235
              Transfer from property held for sale (restated)    197,631              —             —            —           —            —        197,631
              Disposal of subsidiaries (restated)                     —               —             —          (251)       (290)          —           (541)
              Disposals (restated)                               (61,484)             —       (152,218)     (82,126)    (16,906)          —       (312,734)
              At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025
                 (restated)                                     5,074,354    1,839,249       1,549,176     625,997      157,178     423,251      9,669,205
              Exchange adjustments                                (45,006)      (1,243)        (16,926)     (8,184)      (8,133)       (255)       (79,747)
              Additions                                            51,266          503         351,143     154,190       60,329     354,872        972,303
              Acquisition of subsidiaries                         149,678           —          166,117       8,188       81,819          —         405,802
              Reclassification upon the completion of
                 construction                                    237,550         40,306        99,163       21,010           —      (398,029)           —
              Transfer between property, plant and equipment
                 and investment properties, net                  (160,239)            —             —            —           —            —       (160,239)
              Transfer from property under development            604,533             —             —            —           —            —        604,533
              Disposals                                          (410,582)            —       (104,172)     (34,599)    (16,494)     (22,823)     (588,670)
              At 31 December 2025                               5,501,554    1,878,815       2,044,501     766,602      274,699     357,016     10,823,187
              Depreciation
              At 1 January 2024 (restated)                       986,217     1,093,190       1,088,144     348,539      101,866           —      3,617,956
              Exchange adjustments (restated)                      8,813        (2,577)         19,001       3,978        1,347           —         30,562
              Charge for the year (restated)                     283,779        64,981          99,057      77,097       15,158           —        540,072
              Disposal of subsidiaries (restated)                     —             —               —         (145)        (123)          —           (268)
              Disposals (restated)                               (20,150)           —         (149,241)    (82,126)     (14,719)          —       (266,236)
              At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025
                 (restated)                                     1,258,659    1,155,594       1,056,961     347,343      103,529           —      3,922,086
              Exchange adjustments                                (27,415)        (534)           (524)     (6,782)      (3,219)          —        (38,474)
              Charge for the year                                 193,729       66,048         126,970      94,794       33,697           —        515,238
              Acquisition of subsidiaries                          14,376           —           56,827       4,325       26,224           —        101,752
              Transfer between property, plant and equipment
                 and investment properties, net                   (33,308)            —             —            —           —            —        (33,308)
              Disposals                                           (35,269)            —        (73,824)     (26,770)    (13,673)          —       (149,536)
              At 31 December 2025                               1,370,772    1,221,108       1,166,410     412,910      146,558           —      4,317,758
              Carrying values
              At 31 December 2025                               4,130,782      657,707        878,091      353,692      128,141     357,016      6,505,429

              At 31 December 2024 (restated)                    3,815,695      683,655        492,215      278,654       53,649     423,251      5,747,119
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025        181


                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2025




16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)

    The carrying values of land and buildings shown above are situated on:


                                                                                                         2025                      2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                                              (restated)
     Land and buildings in Hong Kong under medium term leases                                        2,357,417               1,803,632
     Heat and electricity plants in Chinese mainland under medium term leases                          142,164                 157,187
     Other premises in Chinese mainland under medium term leases                                     1,556,034               1,442,122
     Freehold land in Macau                                                                             63,353                  66,015
     Freehold land in Canada                                                                            11,814                 346,739
                                                                                                     4,130,782               3,815,695


17. LEASES

    (a)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position
           The consolidated statement of financial position shows the following amounts relating to leases:


                                                                                                         2025                      2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                                              (restated)
            Right-of-use assets
            Prepaid land lease payment (Note)                                                          424,114                 341,808
            Others                                                                                     375,383                 303,970
                                                                                                       799,497                 645,778

            Lease liabilities
            Current                                                                                    111,097                 124,532
            Non-current                                                                                203,131                 181,651
                                                                                                       314,228                 306,183


           Note:   The Group has prepaid land lease payment for leasehold land located in Chinese mainland with PRC government under medium
                   term leases.


           Additions to the right-of-use assets during the year were approximately RMB276,804,000 (2024 restated:
           RMB334,978,000).

           At 31 December 2025, leasehold land included in right-of-use assets of approximately RMB105,356,000 (2024:
           Nil) had been pledged to secure banking facilities granted to the Group (Note 38).
182   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      17. LEASES (continued)

             (b)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement
                    The consolidated income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:


                                                                                                          2025                    2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                                             (restated)
                      Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
                      Prepaid land lease payment                                                           9,320               24,677
                      Others                                                                             194,342              151,212
                                                                                                         203,662              175,889


                    The total cash outflow for leases during the year was approximately RMB655,734,000 (2024 restated:
                    RMB487,104,000).


             (c)    The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
                    The Group leases various offices, warehouses, equipment and vehicles. Rental contracts are typically made for
                    fixed periods of 1 to 10 years (2024: 1 to 9 years), but may have extension options as described in (d) below.

                    Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.
                    The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that
                    are held by the lessor.


             (d)    Extension and termination options
                    Extension and termination options are included in a number of property and equipment leases across the
                    Group. These are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s
                    operations. The majority of extension and termination options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by
                    the respective lessor.


             (e)    Further information about the leasing activities of the Group as a lessor is disclosed in note 49 to the consolidated
                    financial statements.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025    183


                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025




18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                      Completed         Investment
                                                                     investment      property under
                                                                      properties       construction              Total
                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000
    At 1 January 2024 (restated)                                       4,714,005           1,572,850           6,286,855
    Additions (restated)                                                      —               24,674              24,674
    Transfer between property, plant and equipment and
      investment properties, net (restated)                               (8,235)                 —               (8,235)
    Transfer from properties held for sale (restated)                    188,270                  —              188,270
    Disposals (restated)                                                  (2,782)                 —               (2,782)
    Exchange adjustments (restated)                                       57,814              36,650              94,464
    Change in fair value (restated)                                     (157,719)             11,926            (145,793)
    Reclassification upon the completion of construction
      (restated)                                                       1,646,100          (1,646,100)                  —
    At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025 (restated)                  6,437,453                   —           6,437,453
    Transfer between property, plant and equipment and
      investment properties, net                                         126,931                   —             126,931
    Transfer from properties held for sale                               376,224                   —             376,224
    Disposals                                                             (8,256)                  —              (8,256)
    Exchange adjustments                                                (128,450)                  —            (128,450)
    Change in fair value                                                 (65,786)                  —             (65,786)
    At 31 December 2025                                                6,738,116                   —           6,738,116


   (a)   Valuation process of the Group
         The fair value of the investment properties has been arrived at based on an open market valuation performed by
         Jones Lang LaSalle Limited, KPMG, 廣東均正房地產土地資產評估諮詢有限公司 and 深圳市深信資產評估土地房
         地產估價有限公司. They are independent qualified professional valuers not connected with the Group and have
         appropriate qualifications and recent experience in the valuation of similar properties in the relevant locations.

         For completed investment properties, the valuation included the use of inputs that are not based on an observable
         market data (level 3 assets). The valuations were arrived at using the approach of (i) applying capitalised income
         projections based upon a property’s estimated net market income, and a capitalisation rate derived from an
         analysis of market evidence; and (ii) by making reference to comparables as available in the relevant market.

         For the investment property under construction, the valuation was arrived at using the residual approach, which
         essentially involves determination of gross development value (“GDV”).

         All of the Group’s leasehold property interests (i.e. right-of-use assets) to earn rentals are measured using the
         fair value model and are classified and accounted for as investment properties.
184   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)

             (b)    Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs
                    The valuation for completed investment properties was arrived at by considering the capitalised income
                    derived from the existing tenancies and the reversionary potential of the properties and, where appropriate, by
                    reference to market evidence of transaction prices for similar properties in the same locations and conditions.
                    All investment properties carried at fair value under level 3 valuation method as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

                    In arriving at the value for the investment property under construction, the Group has adopted the residual
                    approach, which essentially involves determination of GDV based on a hypothetical development scheme as at
                    the date of valuation. The estimated development cost for the proposed development including construction
                    costs and professional fees together with allowances on interest payment and developer’s profit are deducted
                    from the established GDV. The resultant figure is being the existing state of the property.


                    Information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs

                                                 Fair value at
                                                31 December                                                                                        Range of
                      Description                        2025    Valuation techniques        Unobservable inputs                         unobservable inputs
                                                     RMB’000
                      Completed investment properties
                      Properties in Hong Kong      2,034,000     Market and Income           (1) capitalisation rate                                  2.9%
                                                                   Capitalisation Approach   (2) market rent per square foot per month        HK$43–HK$141
                                                                                             (3) average market price per square foot            HK$17,322
                                                                                                 for office portion

                      Properties in Macau            180,090     Income Capitalisation       (1) capitalisation rate                          3.25%–3.375%
                                                                    Approach                 (2) market rent per square foot per month          HK$5–HK$20

                      Property in Macau            1,593,900     Direct Comparison           (1) market price per square foot                    HK$69,286–
                                                                    Approach                                                                      HK$98,849

                      Properties in Chinese            69,533    Direct Comparison           (1) market price per square foot             RMB929–RMB2,795
                         mainland                                   Approach

                      Properties in Chinese        2,860,593     Income Capitalisation       (1) capitalisation rate                            3.5%–6.5%
                         mainland                                   Approach                 (2) market rent per square foot per month        RMB1–RMB14
                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025      185


                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025




18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)

    (b)   Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (continued)
          Information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (continued)

                                      Fair value at
                                     31 December                                                                                          Range of
           Description                        2024    Valuation techniques        Unobservable inputs                           unobservable inputs
                                         RMB’000
                                         (restated)
           Completed investment properties
           Properties in Hong Kong      2,180,199     Market and Income           (1) capitalisation rate                                   2.9%
                                                        Capitalisation Approach   (2) market rent per square foot per month         HK$45–HK$179
                                                                                  (3) average market price per square foot             HK$21,100
                                                                                      for office portion

           Properties in Macau            193,812     Income Capitalisation       (1) capitalisation rate                              3.0%–3.1%
                                                         Approach                 (2) market rent per square foot per month           HK$9–HK$15

           Property in Macau            1,646,100     Direct Comparison           (1) market price per square foot                     HK$83,020–
                                                         Approach                                                                       HK$94,420

           Properties in Chinese           72,429     Direct Comparison           (1) market price per square foot             RMB975–RMB2,991
              mainland                                   Approach

           Properties in Chinese        2,344,913     Income Capitalisation       (1) capitalisation rate                             4.0%–6.5%
              mainland                                   Approach                 (2) market rent per square foot per month         RMB1–RMB16


          For completed investment properties, prevailing market rents are estimated based on management and
          independent valuers’ view of recent lettings transactions within the subject properties and other comparable
          properties. The higher the rent, the higher the fair value.

          Capitalisation rates are estimated by independent valuers and management based on the risk profile of the
          properties being valued and the market conditions. The lower the rate, the higher the fair value.


    (c)   Leasing arrangements
          The investment properties are leased to tenants under operating leases with rentals receivable monthly.
          Although the Group is exposed to changes in the residual value at the end of the current leases, the Group
          typically enters into new operating leases and therefore will not immediately realise any reduction in residual
          value at the end of these leases. Expectations about the future residual values are reflected in the fair value of
          the properties.

          For minimum lease payments receivable on leases of investment properties, please refer to note 49 to the
          consolidated financial statements for details.

    At 31 December 2025, investment properties of approximately RMB243,012,000 (2024: Nil) had been pledged to
    secure banking facilities granted to the Group (Note 38).
186   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      19. INTERESTS IN INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECT INVESTMENTS

                                                                                                        2025                   2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (restated)
              Interests in infrastructure project investments                                        3,467,993            3,688,437
              Less: Current portion                                                                   (220,466)            (612,492)
              Non-current portion                                                                    3,247,527            3,075,945


             Interests in infrastructure project investments represent funding denominated in RMB advanced to joint ventures for
             PPP infrastructure projects located in Chinese mainland. The Group is responsible to provide finance for the construction
             of the infrastructure of these projects, whereby the Group’s return is predetermined in accordance with the provisions
             of the relevant agreements. The duration of the projects ranges from 5 to 22 years.

             The effective interest rates on the infrastructure project investments range from 4.8% to 12.1% (2024: 5.5% to 12.7%)
             per annum. The interests in infrastructure project investments were not past due as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

             The directors reviewed individually the infrastructure projects’ operations and financial positions as at 31 December
             2025 and 2024 based on the present values of estimated future cash flows from those investments, discounted at their
             respective original effective interest rates.

             At 31 December 2025, interests in infrastructure project investments of approximately RMB1,362,375,000 (2024
             restated: RMB1,462,800,000) had been pledged to secure banking facilities granted to the Group (Note 38).


      20. INTERESTS IN JOINT ARRANGEMENTS

             (a)    Joint ventures

                                                                                                        2025                   2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (restated)
                      Cost of investments, unlisted                                                12,750,414           12,756,017
                      Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive income,
                        net of dividends                                                             3,594,494            2,957,281
                                                                                                   16,344,908           15,713,298
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025      187


                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025




20. INTERESTS IN JOINT ARRANGEMENTS (continued)

    (a)   Joint ventures (continued)
          Particulars regarding the principal joint ventures as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:


                                              Form of        Place of             Percentage of
                                              business       incorporation/      interest held by
           Name of entity                     structure      operations             the Group       Principal activities
                                                                                   2025      2024
                                                                                      %         %
           Nanjing Changjiang Second Bridge   Incorporated   Chinese mainland        65       65    Operation and management of
             Company Limited                                                                           a toll bridge
           長沙中建國際發展有限公司                       Incorporated   Chinese mainland        65       65    Infrastructure investment
           中建（武漢光谷）建設有限公司                     Incorporated   Chinese mainland        50       50    Infrastructure investment
           中建（唐山曹妃甸）工程建設有限公司                  Incorporated   Chinese mainland        72       72    Infrastructure investment
           安徽蚌五高速公路投資管理有限公司                   Incorporated   Chinese mainland        70       70    Infrastructure investment
           貴州正習高速公路投資管理有限公司                   Incorporated   Chinese mainland        30       30    Infrastructure investment
           貴州中建秀印高速公路有限公司                     Incorporated   Chinese mainland        50       50    Infrastructure investment
           貴州雷榕高速公路投資管理有限公司                   Incorporated   Chinese mainland        69       69    Infrastructure investment
           曲阜尼山文旅置業有限責任公司                     Incorporated   Chinese mainland        60       60    Infrastructure investment
           上海臨博海薈城市建設發展有限公司                   Incorporated   Chinese mainland        49       49    Infrastructure investment
           中建國際（襄陽）建設有限公司                     Incorporated   Chinese mainland        70       70    Infrastructure investment


          Aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material
          Set out below is the aggregate financial information of joint ventures that are not individually material:


                                                                                               2025                        2024
                                                                                            RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (restated)
           Aggregate carrying value                                                       16,344,908               15,713,298
           Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share:
             Post-tax profit from continuing operations                                       846,409                  583,499
             Other comprehensive loss                                                           1,996                   11,212
           Total comprehensive income                                                         848,405                  594,711


          There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interests in joint ventures as at 31 December 2025 and
          2024. At 31 December 2025, there are unpaid committed investments relating to the Group’s interests in joint
          ventures of approximately RMB353,680,000 (2024 restated: RMB353,680,000).
188   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      20. INTERESTS IN JOINT ARRANGEMENTS (continued)

             (b)      Joint operations
                      In addition to the construction projects undertaken by certain joint ventures as listed above, the Group has also
                      established joint arrangements with other contractors to undertake construction and engineering projects in the
                      form of joint operations.

                      Particulars regarding the principal joint operations as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:


                                                              Form of          Place of          Percentage of
                                                              business         incorporation/   interest held by
                          Name of entity                      structure        operations          the Group       Principal activities
                                                                                                  2025      2024
                                                                                                     %         %
                          CSME — Southa Joint Venture         Unincorporated   Hong Kong           51        51    Mechanical and electrical
                                                                                                                      engineering works
                          Hong Kong Resources Recovery Park   Unincorporated   Hong Kong           70        70    Civil engineering works
                          CS(HK) — CC(MACAU) — STEC           Unincorporated   Macau               75        75    Civil engineering works
                            JOINT VENTURE
                          CSME — Krueger Joint Venture        Unincorporated   Hong Kong           55        —* Mechanical and electrical
                                                                                                                  engineering works


                      *         Incorporated in 2025


      21. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                              2025                        2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                                                     (restated)
              Unlisted companies
               Cost of investments in associates                                                           2,708,286                2,647,975
               Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive income, net of
                  dividends                                                                                  984,111                1,319,989
                                                                                                           3,692,397                3,967,964
                   Loans to associates                                                                     1,716,045                1,898,190
                   Amount due from an associate                                                              177,475                  183,390
                                                                                                           5,585,917                6,049,544


             As at 31 December 2024, included in the cost of investments in associates was goodwill of approximately RMB460,000
             (restated) arising from acquisitions of associates in prior years.

             The loans to associates of approximately RMB1,716,045,000 (2024 restated: RMB1,898,190,000) are unsecured,
             interest free and are not expected to be repaid within twelve months after the end of reporting period. The balances
             are denominated in HK$ and RMB.

             Amount due from an associate is unsecured, interest free and is not expected to be repaid within twelve months after
             the end of reporting period. The balance is denominated in HK$.
                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025           189


                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2025




21. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)

    Particulars regarding the principal associates as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are follows:


                                           Form of        Place of                                  Proportion of nominal
                                           business       incorporation/     Class of shares         value of issued share
        Name of entity                     structure      operations         held                  capital held by the Group   Principal activities
                                                                                                         2025           2024
                                                                                                            %              %
        Fast Shift Investments Limited     Incorporated   BVI/Macau          Non-voting class B#           29            29    Investment holding
        澳門水泥廠有限公司                          Incorporated   Macau              Ordinary                   31.34         31.34    Manufacture and sale of ready-
                                                                                                                                  mixed concrete
        Macfull Limited                    Incorporated   Hong Kong          Ordinary                      20            20    Property development
        中建（泉州）城市發展有限公司                     Incorporated   Chinese mainland   Ordinary                      35            35    Property development
        株洲中海宏洋地產有限公司                       Incorporated   Chinese mainland   Ordinary                      30            30    Property development
        珠海市海悅房地產開發有限公司                     Incorporated   Chinese mainland   Ordinary                      20            20    Property development

    #           Holder of non-voting class B shares of Fast Shift, through Fast Shift’s interest in Nova Taipa — Urbanizações, Limitada (“NTUL”), is
                entitled to 29% (2024: 29%) of the economic benefits in or losses arising from the residential portion of Nova City Phase V in Macau
                owned and developed by NTUL


    Set out below is the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not individually material:


                                                                                                                      2025                          2024
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                                                               (restated)
        Aggregate carrying value                                                                                  3,692,397                   3,967,964

        Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share:
        Post-tax profit from continuing operations                                                                    12,068                     244,813
        Other comprehensive (loss)/income                                                                            (36,005)                     20,450
        Total comprehensive (loss)/income                                                                            (23,937)                    265,263


    There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interests in associates as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.
190   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      22. CONCESSION OPERATING RIGHTS

                                                                                                          2025                    2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                                             (restated)
              Cost
              At 1 January and 31 December                                                             5,596,352            5,596,352
              Amortisation and impairment
              At 1 January                                                                             2,956,728            2,812,191
              Amortisation for the year                                                                  144,537              144,537
              Impairment for the year                                                                     84,000                   —
              At 31 December                                                                           3,185,265            2,956,728
              Carrying values
              At 31 December                                                                           2,411,087            2,639,624


             The concession operating rights relate to Shanxi Yangquan Yangwu Expressway (Yangquan to Yuxian section)
             and Class 1 Highway from Yangquan to Niangziguan, Shanxi Province with net carrying amounts of approximately
             RMB2,411,087,000 (2024 restated: RMB2,639,624,000), both of which are located in Chinese mainland. The carrying
             amount is measured by the construction and other costs incurred by the Group plus estimated profit margin, which is
             calculated by making reference to similar projects undertaken in Chinese mainland. The Group has been granted by the
             relevant local government authorities the rights to operate the respective toll roads for 30 years from the date of approval
             by the local government. The operation of Shanxi Yangquan Yangwu Expressway (Yangquan to Yuxian section) is from
             8 May 2011 to 7 May 2041 and Class 1 Highway from Yangquan to Niangziguan, Shanxi Province is from 22 July 2015
             to 21 July 2045. According to the relevant government authorities’ approval documents and the relevant regulations,
             the Group is responsible for construction of the toll expressways, acquisition of the related facilities and equipment,
             operations, management, maintenance and overhaul of the toll roads during the approved operating periods. The toll
             fees collected during the operating periods are attributable to the Group. The relevant concession operating rights and
             relevant assets are required to be returned to the local government authorities when the operating rights periods expire
             without any payments made to the Group.

             At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group appointed an independent professional traffic consultant to perform traffic
             studies and an independent valuer to perform value-in-use calculation of Shanxi Yangquan Yangwu Express (Yangquan
             to Yuxian section) and Class 1 Highway from Yangquan to Niangziguan, Shanxi Province using income approach. During
             the year, since the business performance of Shanxi Yangquan Yangwu Expressway (Yangquan to Yuxian section) was
             worse than expected which an impairment indicator is considered. Based on the valuation result, the Group considered
             that the recoverable amount of the concession intangible assets of the mentioned expressways was lower than its
             carrying value, and an impairment provision amounting to RMB84,000,000 was made for the year accordingly. The
             assessment relied on the key assumptions, including future traffic volumes, toll fee levels, length of operating rights,
             maintenance costs and discount rates. An average revenue growth rate of 8% to 14% (2024: 11% to 13%) and a pre-
             tax discount rate of 8 to 9% (2024: 9%) have been used in the value-in-use calculation.
                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025              191


                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025




23. DEFERRED TAXATION

   The analysis of the Group’s deferred tax liabilities/(assets) is as follows:


                                                                                                Undistributed
                                                                                                    earnings
                                                                                                  of Chinese Recognition of
                                                                                                    mainland     intangible
                                           Revaluation     Accelerated   Concession              subsidiaries     assets on
                                         of investment             tax    operating    Deferred     and joint      business Revaluation
                                             properties   depreciation       rights     income      ventures combination        of land Tax losses      Others       Total
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000 RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000
    At 1 January 2024 (restated)               399,485          7,833        24,980     (94,900)       34,780        28,093       4,000      (2,335)    22,614     424,550
    Exchange adjustments (restated)              7,821            197            —            3           843           465          97        (158)    (1,222)      8,046
    Charged/(credited) to consolidated
        income statement (restated)
        (Note 12)                               22,018            461            —         191             —        (13,178)         —       (6,169)    44,827       48,150
    At 31 December 2024 and 1 January
        2025 (restated)                        429,324          8,491        24,980     (94,706)       35,623        15,380       4,097     (8,662)     66,219      480,746
    Exchange adjustments                       (27,020)          (310)           —          (36)       (1,149)         (400)       (132)      (417)        556      (28,908)
    Acquisition of subsidiaries                  8,038         19,575            —           —             —             —       12,521         —       10,907       51,041
    Charged/(credited) to consolidated
        income statement (Note 12)                 (66)        16,786          (884)      1,857            —         (4,924)         —     (36,151)      (1,572)    (24,954)
    At 31 December 2025                        410,276         44,542        24,096     (92,885)       34,474        10,056      16,486    (45,230)     76,110      477,925



   The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:


                                                                                                                                  2025                          2024
                                                                                                                               RMB’000                     RMB’000
                                                                                                                                                           (restated)
    Deferred tax assets                                                                                                         114,660                      104,379
    Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                   (592,585)                    (585,125)
                                                                                                                               (477,925)                    (480,746)


   At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unused tax losses of approximately RMB7,905,437,000 (2024
   restated: RMB6,934,204,000) not recognised in the consolidated financial statements. No deferred tax asset has been
   recognised in respect of the unused tax losses due to the unpredictability of future taxable profit streams. Included in
   unrecognised tax losses are losses of approximately RMB5,177,220,000 (2024 restated: RMB4,838,258,000) that will
   expire within five years. Other losses may be carried forward indefinitely.

   Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors from
   foreign enterprises established in Chinese mainland and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. The aggregate
   amount of temporary differences attributable to the unremitted earnings associated with investments in subsidiaries
   and joint ventures in Chinese mainland for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised totalled approximately
   RMB43,989,806,000 (2024 restated: RMB41,211,635,000) as at 31 December 2025.
192   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      24. TRADEMARK, PROJECT BACKLOGS, LICENCES AND GOODWILL

                                                                           Project
                                                       Trademark          backlogs          Licences         Goodwill           Total
                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000
              Cost
              At 1 January 2024 (restated)                 196,770           41,186          156,300          524,519          918,775
              Exchange adjustments (restated)                4,768              998              219           12,709           18,694
              At 31 December 2024 and
                1 January 2025 (restated)                  201,538           42,184          156,519          537,228          937,469
              Addition                                         123               —                —                —               123
              Exchange adjustments                          (6,501)          (1,361)            (299)         (17,330)         (25,491)
              At 31 December 2025                          195,160           40,823          156,220          519,898          912,101
              Amortisation
              At 1 January 2024 (restated)                 115,603           41,186           41,234                —          198,023
              Charge for the year (restated)                 9,914               —             5,891                —           15,805
              Exchange adjustments (restated)                2,963              998               —                 —            3,961
              At 31 December 2024 and 1
                January 2025 (restated)                    128,480           42,184           47,125                —          217,789
              Charge for the year                            9,967               —             5,890                —           15,857
              Exchange adjustments                          (4,340)          (1,361)               –                —           (5,701)
              At 31 December 2025                          134,107           40,823           53,015                —          227,945
              Carrying values
              At 31 December 2025                           61,053                —          103,205          519,898          684,156

              At 31 December 2024 (restated)                73,058                —          109,394          537,228          719,680


             The intangible assets include trademark, project backlogs, construction licences and goodwill recognised from various
             acquisitions of subsidiaries by the Group.

             The estimated useful lives of trademark and project backlogs of 20 years and 3 years, respectively, are based on the
             terms of existing contracts and historical data.

             A Chinese mainland construction licence was acquired as part of a business combination. It is recognised at its fair value
             at the date of acquisition and is subsequently amortised on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of 25 years.
             Its carrying amount is approximately RMB94,250,000 (2024 restated: RMB100,141,000) as at 31 December 2025.

             The construction licences with carrying amount of approximately RMB8,955,000 (2024 restated: RMB9,253,000) were
             granted by the Works Branch, Development Bureau of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“HKSAR”). The
             construction licences basically have no legal life but are renewable every year as long as the subsidiary holding the
             licences is able to comply with certain provisions and requirements set out by the Works Branch, Development Bureau
             of the HKSAR throughout the relevant period.

             Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s CGU of the CSC Development Group. For impairment assessment of goodwill, the
             recoverable amount of the CSC Development Group CGU as at 31 December 2025 was determined based on a value
             in use calculation using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved by senior
             management. The discount rate applied to the cash flow projections was 9.6% and cash flows beyond the five-year
             period were extrapolated using a growth rate of 2.25%. The recoverable amount of the CSC Development Group as at 31
             December 2024 was determined based on fair value less costs of disposal by making reference to its market share price.

             Based on the impairment testing at the end of the reporting period, the management considers that there is no
             impairment of the Group’s construction licences, trademark and goodwill.
                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025          193


                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025




25. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    INCOME

   (a)   Classification of equity and debt securities at FVOCI
         Equity and debt securities at FVOCI comprise:

         •         Equity securities which are not held for trading and which the Group has irrevocably elected at initial
                   recognition to recognise in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group considers the
                   classification to be more relevant.

         •         Debt securities where the contractual cash flows are solely principal and interest and the objective of the
                   Group’s business model is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets.


   (b)   Equity securities at FVOCI
         Equity securities at FVOCI comprise the following individual investments:


                                                                                                                   2025                        2024
                                                                                                                RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                                                          (restated)
             Non-current assets
             Unlisted securities
              Equity securities                                                                                    49,549                     51,093


         On disposal of these equity securities, any related balance within the investment revaluation reserve will be
         reclassified to retained profits.


   (c)   Debt securities at FVOCI
         Debt securities at FVOCI comprise the following individual investments:


                                                                                                                   2025                        2024
                                                                                                                RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                                                          (restated)
             Non-current assets
             Listed securities
               Debt securities listed in Hong Kong (Note)                                                        375,675                    122,690
               Debt securities listed in overseas                                                                 71,083                     54,145
                                                                                                                 446,758                    176,835

             Current assets
               Listed securities
               Debt securities listed in overseas                                                                        —                     7,165


         On disposal of these debt securities, any related balance within the investment revaluation reserve will be
         reclassified to consolidated income statement.

         Note:     At 31 December 2025, an amount of approximately RMB45,135,000 (2024 restated: RMB44,067,000) included in the carrying
                   amount of debt securities listed in Hong Kong, represents debentures issued by a subsidiary of COLI, a fellow subsidiary of the Group.


         The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of the debt securities. As at 31
         December 2025, none of these financial assets is past due or impaired. As at 31 December 2024, accumulated
         impairment loss on debt securities was RMB169,931,000 (restated).
194   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      25. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
          INCOME (continued)

             (d)     Financial assets at FVOCI are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                  2025                      2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                                                       (restated)
                      RMB                                                                                          3,217                   3,217
                      US$                                                                                        446,758                 184,000
                      Macao Pataca (“MOP”)                                                                        46,332                  47,876
                                                                                                                 496,307                 235,093


                     The financial assets were presented as non-current assets unless they matured, or management intended to
                     dispose of them within twelve months from the end of the reporting period.


      26. AMOUNTS DUE FROM INVESTEE COMPANIES

             Amounts due from investee companies are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand. No repayment is
             expected within next twelve months from the end of the reporting period.

             At 31 December 2025, these amounts include advances to subsidiaries of COLI, a fellow subsidiary of the Group,
             amounting to approximately RMB13,193,000 (2024 restated: RMB13,632,000).


      27. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                  2025                      2024
                                                                                             Note              RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                                                       (restated)
               Trade receivables and retention receivables                                                  116,220,105             118,883,793
               Less: Allowance for doubtful debts                                                              (170,712)               (134,096)
                                                                                                            116,049,393             118,749,697
               Other receivables                                                                             40,439,745              28,010,987
               Trade and other receivables                                                     (a)          156,489,138             146,760,684
               Less: Current portion                                                                       (102,867,305)            (96,355,321)
               Non-current portion                                                                           53,621,833              50,405,363


             Note:


             (a)     Trade receivables and retention receivables include balances with related companies amounting to approximately RMB3,403,636,000
                     (2024 restated: RMB3,392,225,000), which are unsecured, interest free and repayable in accordance with the terms of relevant
                     agreements.
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025         195


                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2025




27. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)

    The analysis of trade and other receivables, including the ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for
    doubtful debts, presented based on the invoice date or the term of the related contract, is as follows:


                                                                                                                2025                       2024
                                                                                         Notes               RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                                                      (restated)
      Trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful debts, aged:
        0–30 days                                                                                           15,375,221               7,326,794
        31–90 days                                                                                          13,017,791               7,201,822
        Over 90 days                                                                       (a)              80,045,843              97,960,659
                                                                                                         108,438,855               112,489,275
      Retention receivables                                                                                7,610,538                 6,260,422
      Other receivables                                                                                   40,439,745                28,010,987
      Trade and other receivables                                                                        156,489,138               146,760,684
      Less: Current portion                                                                             (102,867,305)              (96,355,321)
      Non-current portion                                                                  (b)              53,621,833              50,405,363


    Notes:


    (a)      Included in the receivables aged over 90 days are receivables attributable to the construction related investment projects amounting to
             approximately RMB76,366,316,000 (2024 restated: RMB73,931,964,000).


    (b)      The balances of non-current portion are mainly attributable to certain construction related investment projects in Chinese mainland.
             Certain balances are interest bearing in accordance with the relevant contract terms. The amount is expected to be gradually and fully
             recovered from 2027 to 2035, with approximately RMB24,476,255,000 in 2027, RMB12,033,085,000 in 2028, RMB7,158,368,000 in
             2029 and, RMB9,954,125,000 in 2030 to 2035. As a result, they are classified as non-current.


    Retention receivables are interest free and recoverable at the end of the retention period of individual construction
    contracts ranging from 1 to 3 years. At 31 December 2025, the amount of retention receivables expected to be
    recovered after more than one year is approximately RMB3,891,296,000 (2024 restated: RMB2,793,361,000).

    Except for the receivables arising from construction contracts, including construction related investment projects which
    are billed and payable in accordance with the terms of relevant agreements, the Group generally allows an average
    credit period of not exceeding 90 days to its trade customers and the retention receivables are recoverable upon the
    expiry of defect liability period of construction.

    At 31 December 2025, trade receivables of approximately RMB7,671,543,000 (2024 restated: RMB8,096,188,000) are
    pledged to secure banking facilities granted to the Group (Note 38).
196   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      27. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)

             Movement in the allowance for doubtful debts

                                                                                                                         2025                       2024
                                                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                                                               (restated)
               At 1 January                                                                                             134,096                  114,396
               Exchange adjustments                                                                                      (2,916)                   2,053
               Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                               10,943                       —
               Impairment losses recognised on trade receivables, net                                                    15,711                   17,647
               Impairment losses recognised on retention receivables, net                                                12,878                       —
               At 31 December                                                                                           170,712                  134,096


             Before accepting any new customer, the Group will assess the potential customer’s credit quality and will define a
             credit limit. Limits attributed to customers are reviewed every year.


             Other receivables
             The analysis of other receivables is as follows:


                                                                                                                         2025                       2024
                                                                                                  Notes               RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                                                               (restated)
               Payments for government targeted repurchase project                                  (a)             28,251,379               14,382,101
               Bid and other deposits                                                               (b)              2,539,901                  858,651
               Advances receivables                                                                 (c)                752,178                1,254,521
               Value added tax and other taxes recoverable                                                           8,160,963               10,864,101
               Others                                                                                                  735,324                  651,613
                                                                                                                    40,439,745               28,010,987


             Notes:


             (a)      The balance represents amounts paid to local governments for acquisitions of land for construction of government targeted repurchase
                      projects. It will be reclassed to trade receivables over the period of the contract by reference to the progress towards completion
                      satisfaction of that performance obligation.


             (b)      The balance represents bid deposits, performance bonds, wage guarantee deposits and other deposits for construction related projects.
                      These balances will be refunded upon completion of tender process or projects.


             (c)      The balance represents construction and material purchase costs paid on behalf of sub-contractors and employers of construction related
                      projects. It includes balances with fellow subsidiaries amounting to approximately RMB138,817,000 (2024 restated: RMB83,991,000),
                      which are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025    197


                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




27. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)

    Trade and other receivables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                           2025                   2024
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                             (restated)
     HK$                                                                                7,944,138           7,889,690
     RMB                                                                              147,734,586         137,809,892
     MOP                                                                                  685,924             887,020
     US$                                                                                   40,848              49,100
     Others                                                                                83,642             124,982
                                                                                      156,489,138         146,760,684


28. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) JOINT VENTURES AND LOANS TO JOINT VENTURES

    Amounts due from/(to) joint ventures are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand. The balances are mainly
    denominated in RMB.

    Loans to joint ventures is unsecured, carrying interest at 2% to 5.50% (2024: 4.75% to 5.50%) per annum and is not
    expected to be repaid within twelve months after the end of the reporting period, except for a loan of RMB12,339,000
    which is recoverable on demand (2024: Nil). The balances are mainly denominated in HK$, RMB and EURO (2024: HK$
    and RMB).


29. LOAN RECEIVABLES

    Loan receivables are unsecured and carrying interest at 1.8% to 5.0% per annum. The portion repayable within next
    twelve months from the end of reporting periods are classified as current assets.


30. INVENTORIES

                                                                                           2025                   2024
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                             (restated)
     Raw materials and consumables                                                        183,443             271,187
     Work in progress                                                                       5,267               2,497
     Finished goods                                                                       271,383             148,030
                                                                                          460,093             421,714
198   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      31. PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT

                                                                                                                         2025                       2024
                                                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                                                               (restated)
               Properties under development                                                                          6,690,654                 7,029,266


             Included in the amount are properties under development of approximately RMB5,827,037,000 (2024 restated:
             RMB5,758,428,000) not expected to be completed and ready for sale within twelve months from the end of the
             reporting period.

             At 31 December 2025, properties under development of approximately RMB686,868,000 (2024: Nil) had been pledged
             to secure banking facilities granted to the Group (Note 38).


      32. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

             The Group has recognised the following assets/(liabilities) related to contracts with customers:


                                                                                             31 December            31 December                1 January
                                                                                                    2025                    2024                    2024
                                                                                Notes            RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                                        (restated)              (restated)
               Contract assets related to construction services                   (a)           30,752,495             26,241,434            19,607,039

               Contract liabilities related to                                    (b)
               Construction services                                                             (8,544,523)           (7,910,895)            (8,609,674)
               Thermoelectricity business                                                          (848,089)             (900,188)              (940,865)
                                                                                                 (9,392,612)           (8,811,083)            (9,550,539)
               Less: Current portion                                                              9,001,131             8,324,669              9,013,482
               Non-current portion                                                                 (391,481)              (486,414)             (537,057)


             Notes:


             (a)      Contract assets are related to construction services and consist of unbilled amount resulting from construction when revenue recognised
                      exceeds the amount billed to the customer.


             (b)      The Group receives payments from customers based on billing schedule as established in contracts. Payments are usually received in
                      advance of the performance under the contracts which are mainly from construction services.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   199


                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025




32. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (continued)

    The following table shows the amount of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period which relates to
    contract liability balance at the beginning of the year and the amount relating to performance obligations that were
    satisfied in previous years:


                                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                 (restated)
     Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liability balance at
       the beginning of the year:
       Construction services                                                                3,461,983            3,812,753
       Thermoelectricity business                                                             364,493              360,344
                                                                                            3,826,476            4,173,097

     Revenue recognised from performance obligations satisfied/partially
       satisfied in previous periods:
       Construction services                                                                  573,586             209,017


    The following table shows the amount of unsatisfied performance obligations:


                                                                                                2025                  2024
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                 (restated)
     Expected to be recognised within one year                                             85,985,975          106,720,500
     Expected to be recognised after one year                                              67,540,230           72,246,811
                                                                                          153,526,205          178,967,311


    For all other contracts with an original expected duration of one year or less or are billed based on time incurred, as
    permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

    For retention receivables, please refer to note 27 to the consolidated financial statements for details.


33. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) ASSOCIATES AND LOAN TO AN ASSOCIATE

    Amounts due from/(to) associates are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand. The balances are mainly
    denominated in RMB.

    Loan to an associate is unsecured, interest free and recoverable on demand. The balance is denominated in HK$.


34. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) RELATED COMPANIES

    The amounts due from/(to) related companies are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand. The balances are
    mainly denominated in RMB.
200   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      35. BANK BALANCES AND CASH

                                                                                                                       2025                         2024
                                                                                                 Notes              RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                                                               (restated)
               Bank balances and cash                                                                             30,328,604                  28,589,158
               Less: Pledged bank deposits                                                         (a)              (280,918)                    (82,868)
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                           (b)            30,047,686                  28,506,290


             Notes:


             (a)      Bank deposits are pledged and earn interest at fixed rates from 0.050% to 0.45% (2024: 0.10%) per annum.


             (b)      Bank balances, excluding bank current accounts, earn interest at market rates ranging from 0.001% to 4.5% (2024: 0.001% to 5.330%)
                      per annum. Bank balances comprise fixed deposits held by the Group with an original maturity of three months or less.


             Bank balances include balances with a fellow subsidiary of the Group, which is a non-bank financial institution in
             Chinese mainland, amounting to approximately RMB239,295,000 (2024 restated: RMB57,002,000).

             Bank balances and cash are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                                       2025                         2024
                                                                                                                    RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                                                               (restated)
               HK$                                                                                                 4,017,101                   4,394,751
               RMB                                                                                                23,654,828                  22,893,104
               MOP                                                                                                 1,420,266                     913,465
               US$                                                                                                   908,148                     259,417
               Others                                                                                                328,261                     128,421
                                                                                                                  30,328,604                  28,589,158


             In respect of the balance denominated in RMB of the Group’s subsidiaries incorporated in Chinese mainland, conversion
             into foreign currencies is subject to the Regulations of the People’s Republic of China on the Management of Foreign
             Exchanges and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.


      36. ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALES

                                                                                                                       2025                         2024
                                                                                                 Note               RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                                                               (restated)
               Assets classified as held for sales
               Non-current assets classified as held for sales
                 — Interests in an associate                                                       (a)                   7,792                        —


             Note:


             (a)      On 31 December 2025, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with a related party to dispose of its 15% equity interest
                      in an associate at a consideration of RMB7,533,000. The transaction was completed on 11 February 2026.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025     201


                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




37. TRADE PAYABLES, OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

   An analysis of trade payables, other payables and accruals, including the ageing analysis of trade payables, presented
   based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                            2025                   2024
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                              (restated)
    Trade payables, aged:
      0–30 days                                                                        33,416,894           57,995,748
      31–90 days                                                                        6,688,162              870,299
      Over 90 days                                                                     33,841,135           11,136,905
                                                                                       73,946,191           70,002,952
    Retention payables                                                                  8,536,038            7,296,325
    Other payables and accruals                                                        13,965,038           16,819,950
                                                                                       96,447,267           94,119,227


   Included in trade payables and retention payables are balances with related companies amounting to approximately
   RMB13,568,928,000 (2024 restated: RMB12,395,547,000), which are unsecured, interest free and repayable in
   accordance with the terms of relevant agreements.

   Other payables and accruals mainly comprise staff cost, value added tax, other tax and other operating expenses
   payables. Included in other payables and accruals are balances with the immediate holding company and related
   companies amounting to approximately RMB19,014,000 (2024 restated: RMB1,395,000) and RMB663,457,000 (2024
   restated: RMB325,963,000) respectively, which are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.

   The average credit period on trade and construction cost payables is 60 days. At 31 December 2025, the amount of
   retention payables expected to be settled after more than one year is approximately RMB5,010,842,000 (2024 restated:
   RMB3,626,432,000).

   Trade payables, other payables and accruals are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                            2025                   2024
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                              (restated)
    HK$                                                                                18,794,365           16,722,398
    RMB                                                                                75,880,459           75,695,864
    MOP                                                                                 1,749,080            1,646,733
    US$                                                                                    15,075               14,111
    Others                                                                                  8,288               40,121
                                                                                       96,447,267           94,119,227
202   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      38. BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                                                (restated)
              Bank borrowings, secured                                                                  10,879,847            10,132,988
              Bank borrowings, unsecured                                                                61,278,115            57,943,244
                                                                                                        72,157,962             68,076,232
              Less: Current portion                                                                    (15,096,365)           (13,295,756)
              Non-current portion                                                                       57,061,597            54,780,476

              Carrying amount repayable:
                Within one year or on demand                                                            15,096,365            13,295,756
                More than one year but not exceeding two years                                          19,483,463            21,092,129
                More than two years but not more than five years                                        33,571,190            25,334,618
                More than five years                                                                     4,006,944             8,353,729
                                                                                                        72,157,962            68,076,232


             The fair values of bank borrowings approximate their carrying amounts as the impact of discounting is not significant.

             The secured bank borrowings are secured by leasehold land included in right-of-use assets, investment properties,
             interests in infrastructure project investments, properties under development, properties held for sale and trade
             receivables (2024: interests in infrastructure project investments, properties held for sale and trade receivables). The
             unsecured bank borrowings included the bank borrowings with financial covenants which are required to be fulfilled by
             the Group to the banks.

             Bank borrowings are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                                                (restated)
              HK$                                                                                       13,077,735            13,680,615
              RMB                                                                                       59,069,324            54,395,617
              Singapore Dollar (“SGD”)                                                                      10,903                    —
                                                                                                        72,157,962            68,076,232


             The effective interest rates of bank borrowings are as follows:


                                                                         2025                                      2024
                                                              HK$          RMB            SGD            HK$         RMB             SGD
                                                                %             %             %             %             %              %
              Bank borrowings, secured                          —           2.99            —              —           3.74             —
              Bank borrowings, unsecured                      3.34          2.43          1.96           4.99          3.02             —


             Certain bank borrowings of RMB10,374,208,000 (2024 restated: RMB10,058,088,000) which were classified as non-
             current liabilities as at the end of the reporting period is subject to covenants including leverage ratios, gearing ratios and
             minimum net assets requirements with respective applicable test dates on 31 December of each year until maturity.
             The Group considers there is no indication that it will have difficulties in complying with these covenants.
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025        203


                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2025




39. LOAN FROM A FELLOW SUBSIDIARY

   As at 31 December 2025, the loans from a fellow subsidiary is unsecured, carrying interest ranging from 2.11% to
   2.25% (2024: 4.22%) per annum and repayable within a year. The balance is denominated in RMB (2024: HK$).


40. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                          shares              Amount             Amount
                                                                                                             RMB’000             HK$’000
    Authorised:
      Ordinary shares of HK$0.025 each                                             60,000,000,000           1,590,000          1,500,000

    Issued and paid up:
      At 1 January 2024, 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025
        (restated)                                                                  5,037,616,668             118,098            125,940
      Issuance of ordinary shares on share subscription (Note)                        244,600,000               5,706              6,115
    At 31 December 2025                                                             5,282,216,668             123,804            132,055


   Note:


   On 11 March 2025, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an independent third party (the “Subscriber”), pursuant to which
   the Company agreed to issue, in pursuant to the General Mandate, and the Subscriber agreed to subscribe, an aggregate of 244,600,000
   shares of the Company at a subscription price of HK$12.26 per share for an aggregate cash consideration of HK$2,998,796,000 (equivalent to
   RMB2,797,877,000) (the “2025 Subscription”). The 2025 Subscription was completed on 14 March 2025. The cash proceeds were credited to
   share capital and share premium account of RMB5,706,000 and RMB2,792,171,000, respectively. The new shares rank pari passu with the then
   existing shares in all respects.
204   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      41. SHARE PREMIUM AND RESERVES

                                                                                    Capital   Investment
                                                      Share        Special    redemption       revaluation   Translation    Statutory      Retained
                                                   premium         reserve         reserve         reserve       reserve      reserve        profits         Total
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                  (restated)    (restated)      (restated)      (restated)    (restated)   (restated)     (restated)    (restated)
                                                                 (Note (a))     (Note (b))                                  (Note (c))    (Note (d))
              At 1 January 2024                  17,374,775    (5,265,794)            300        128,956       (443,246)   1,950,390     42,384,849    56,130,230
              Profit for the year                        —              —               —              —             —             —      8,565,331     8,565,331
              Gain on fair value changes of
                 debt securities at FVOCI                —              —               —           4,551            —             —             —          4,551
              Exchange differences on
                 translation of subsidiaries             —              —               —              —       (141,932)           —             —       (141,932)
              Exchange differences on
                 translation of joint ventures           —              —               —              —         11,212            —             —        11,212
              Exchange differences on
                 translation of associates               —              —               —              —         20,450            —             —        20,450
              Remeasurement loss on
                 defined benefit obligations
                 (Note 44)                               —              —               —              —             —             —         (4,667)       (4,667)
              Total comprehensive income/
                 (loss) for the year                     —              —               —           4,551      (110,270)           —      8,560,664     8,454,945
              Capital contribution relating to
                 share-based payment borne
                 by an intermediate holding
                 company (Note 45)                       —          6,564               —              —             —             —             —          6,564
              Cancellation of incentive
                 shares (Note 45)                        —        (20,548)              —              —             —            —          20,548            —
              2023 final dividend paid                   —             —                —              —             —            —      (1,339,097)   (1,339,097)
              2024 interim dividend paid                 —             —                —              —             —            —      (1,515,124)   (1,515,124)
              Transfer from special reserve              —        (46,579)              —              —             —            —          46,232          (347)
              Transfer to statutory reserve              —             —                —              —             —     1,097,283     (1,097,283)           —
              Unclaimed dividends forfeited              —             —                —              —             —            —             100           100
              Transfer to retained earnings
                 due to reclassification of
                 equity security at FVOCI                —              —               —         (93,145)           —             —        93,145             —
              Total transactions with owners,
                 recognised directly in equity           —        (60,563)              —         (93,145)           —     1,097,283     (3,791,479)   (2,847,904)
              At 31 December 2024                17,374,775    (5,326,357)            300         40,362       (553,516)   3,047,673     47,154,034    61,737,271
                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025        205


                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2025




41. SHARE PREMIUM AND RESERVES (continued)

                                                                      Capital    Investment
                                           Share      Special     redemption     revaluation    Translation    Statutory     Retained
                                        premium       reserve         reserve        reserve        reserve      reserve       profits       Total
                                        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                    (Note (a))      (Note (b))                                 (Note (c))   (Note (d))
    At 1 January 2025 (restated)       17,374,775   (5,326,357)           300        40,362       (553,516)    3,047,673    47,154,034    61,737,271
    Profit for the year                        —            —              —              —              —            —      8,588,443     8,588,443
    Gain on fair value changes of
       debt securities at FVOCI                —            —              —          5,304              —            —             —          5,304
    Release of investment
       revaluation reserve to
       consolidated income
       statement upon disposal of
       debt securities at FVOCI                —            —              —          (2,675)            —            —             —         (2,675)
    Exchange differences on
       translation of subsidiaries             —            —              —              —        237,680            —             —       237,680
    Exchange differences on
       translation of joint ventures           —            —              —              —          1,996            —             —          1,996
    Exchange differences on
       translation of associates               —            —              —              —         (36,005)          —             —        (36,005)
    Remeasurement loss on
       defined benefit obligations
       (Note 44)                               —            —              —              —              —            —         (5,433)       (5,433)
    Total comprehensive income/
       (loss) for the year                     —            —              —          2,629        203,671            —      8,583,010     8,789,310
    Issuance of ordinary shares         2,792,171           —              —              —              —            —             —      2,792,171
    Cancellation of incentive
       shares (Note 45)                        —        (5,781)            —              —              —            —          5,781            —
    Change in shareholding in
       a subsidiary after share
       repurchased                             —          282              —              —              —            —             —            282
    2024 final dividend paid                   —           —               —              —              —            —     (1,398,546)   (1,398,546)
    2025 interim dividend paid                 —           —               —              —              —            —     (1,648,685)   (1,648,685)
    Transfer from special reserve              —      (46,877)             —              —              —            —         53,802         6,925
    Transfer to statutory reserve              —           —               —              —              —     1,010,613    (1,010,613)           —
    Total transactions with owners,
       recognised directly in equity    2,792,171     (52,376)             —              —              —     1,010,613    (3,998,261)     (247,853)
    At 31 December 2025                20,166,946   (5,378,733)           300        42,991       (349,845)    4,058,286    51,738,783    70,278,728
206   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      41. SHARE PREMIUM AND RESERVES (continued)
             Notes:


             (a)      Special reserve mainly represents merger reserve arose from business combinations under common control, reserve arose from the
                      changes in shareholding of subsidiaries, capital contribution relating to share-based payment borne by an intermediate holding company,
                      work safety funds and insurance general reserve.


             (b)      Capital redemption reserve represents the amount by which the Company’s issued share capital was diminished on cancellation of
                      ordinary shares repurchased.


             (c)      Statutory reserve of the Group represents a general and development fund reserve applicable to the overseas and Chinese mainland
                      subsidiaries which were established in accordance with the relevant regulations.


             (d)      Included in retained profits as at 31 December 2025 is the proposed 2025 final dividend of approximately RMB1,354,889,000 (2024
                      restated: RMB1,398,546,000).


      42. PERPETUAL CAPITAL SECURITIES

             On 9 June 2021, a subsidiary of the Group issued US$500,000,000 3.4% subordinated perpetual capital securities
             (the “2021 Perpetual Capital Securities”). The 2021 Perpetual Capital Securities do not have maturity dates and the
             distribution payments can be deferred at the discretion of either the subsidiary or the Company. Therefore, the 2021
             Perpetual Capital Securities are classified as equity instruments and recorded in equity in the consolidated statement
             of financial position. When the subsidiary or the Company elects to declare dividends to their shareholders, the Group
             shall make distributions to the holders of 2021 Perpetual Capital Securities at the distribution rates as defined in the
             subscription agreements.

             On 16 November 2023, a subsidiary of the Group issued RMB2,000,000,000 3.50% perpetual medium term notes (the
             “2023 Perpetual Medium Term Notes”). The 2023 Perpetual Medium Term Notes have a maturity of 3+N years and
             the distribution payments can be deferred at the discretion of either the subsidiary or the Company. Therefore, the
             2023 Perpetual Medium Term Notes are classified as equity instruments and recorded in equity in the consolidated
             statement of financial position. When the subsidiary or the Company elects to declare dividends to their shareholders,
             the Group shall make distributions to the holders of 2023 Perpetual Medium Term Notes at the distribution rates as
             defined in the subscription agreements.

             On 24 September 2024, a subsidiary of the Group issued RMB1,500,000,000 2.29% perpetual medium term notes
             (the “2024 Perpetual Medium Term Notes”). The 2024 Perpetual Medium Term Notes have a maturity of 3+N years
             and the distribution payments can be deferred at the discretion of either the subsidiary or the Company. Therefore, the
             2024 Perpetual Medium Term Notes are classified as equity instruments and recorded in equity in the consolidated
             statement of financial position. When the subsidiary or the Company elects to declare dividends to their shareholders,
             the Group shall make distributions to the holders of 2024 Perpetual Medium Term Notes at the distribution rates as
             defined in the subscription agreements.
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025         207


                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025




43. GUARANTEED NOTES PAYABLE AND CORPORATE BONDS

                                                                                                                  2025                     2024
                                                                                           Notes               RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                                                      (restated)
     US$250,000,000 3.875% guaranteed notes                                                  (a)               1,752,058              1,808,958
     RMB960,000,000 2.98% corporate bonds                                                    (b)                      —                 960,000
     RMB1,500,000,000 3.09% corporate bonds                                                  (c)                      —               1,500,000
     RMB1,040,000,000 2.70% corporate bonds                                                  (d)                      —               1,040,000
     RMB1,100,000,000 2.88% corporate bonds                                                  (e)               1,099,759              1,099,390
     RMB2,000,000,000 2.84% corporate bonds                                                  (f)               1,998,703              1,998,316
     RMB900,000,000 2.54% corporate bonds                                                    (g)                 899,393                899,218
     RMB2,000,000,000 2.30% corporate bonds                                                  (h)               1,998,559              1,998,172
     RMB1,500,000,000 2.12% corporate bonds                                                   (i)              1,499,035              1,498,544
     RMB2,000,000,000 1.83% corporate bonds                                                   (j)              1,998,631                     —
     RMB2,000,000,000 1.81% corporate bonds                                                  (k)               1,998,256                     —
                                                                                                             13,244,394             12,802,598
     Less: Current portion                                                                                   (1,099,759)            (2,460,000)
     Non-current portion                                                                                     12,144,635             10,342,598


   Notes:


   (a)      In November 2017, a subsidiary of the Company issued guaranteed notes with an aggregate principal amount of US$250,000,000
            (the “2017 Notes”). The 2017 Notes bear fixed interest at the rate of 3.875% per annum payable semi-annually, are unconditionally
            and irrevocably guaranteed by the Company. The 2017 Notes shall become immediately due and payable in the event of the failure to
            perform or observe certain conditions set out in the trust deed which includes, inter alia, the negative pledge given by the Company and
            the said subsidiary. The 2017 Notes will mature on 29 November 2027 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2017 Notes at 31
            December 2025 was estimated at approximately RMB1,743,628,000 (2024 restated: RMB1,753,818,000), which was determined based
            on the closing market price of the 2017 Notes at that date and is within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.


   (b)      On 2 April 2022, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (first phase) with a principal amount
            of RMB960,000,000 (the “2022 Bonds I”) in Chinese mainland. The 2022 Bonds I have a maturity of 3 years and the coupon rate is
            2.98% per annum. The 2022 Bonds I were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market. The 2022 Bonds I were matured and fully
            repaid on 2 April 2025 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2022 Bonds I at 31 December 2024 was estimated at approximately
            RMB963,062,000 (restated), which was determined based on the closing market price of the 2022 Bonds I at that date and was within
            level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.


   (c)      On 27 April 2022, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (second phase) with a principal
            amount of RMB1,500,000,000 (the “2022 Bonds II”) in Chinese mainland. The 2022 Bonds II have a maturity of 3 years and the coupon
            rate is 3.09% per annum. The 2022 Bonds II were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market. The 2022 Bonds II were matured and fully
            repaid on 27 April 2025 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2022 Bonds II at 31 December 2024 was estimated at approximately
            RMB1,506,300,000 (restated), which was determined based on the closing market price of the 2022 Bonds II at that date and was
            within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.


   (d)      On 19 August 2022, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (third phase) with a principal
            amount of RMB1,040,000,000 (the “2022 Bonds III”) in Chinese mainland. The 2022 Bonds III have a maturity of 3 years and the coupon
            rate is 2.70% per annum. The 2022 Bonds III were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market. The 2022 Bonds III were matured and
            fully repaid on 19 August 2025 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2022 Bonds III at 31 December 2024 was estimated at
            approximately RMB1,046,115,000 (restated), which was determined based on the closing market price of the 2022 Bonds III at that date
            and was within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.
208   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      43. GUARANTEED NOTES PAYABLE AND CORPORATE BONDS (continued)
             Notes: (continued)


             (e)     On 21 August 2023, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (first phase) with a principal
                     amount of RMB1,100,000,000 (the “2023 Bonds”) in Chinese mainland. The 2023 Bonds have a maturity of 3 years and the coupon rate
                     is 2.88% per annum. The 2023 Bonds were listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The 2023 Bonds will mature on 22 August 2026 at
                     the principal amount. The fair value of the 2023 Bonds at 31 December 2025 was estimated at approximately RMB1,107,807,000 (2024
                     restated: RMB1,117,490,000), which was determined based on the closing market price of the 2023 Bonds at that date and is within
                     level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.


             (f)     On 28 February 2024, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (first phase) with a principal
                     amount of RMB2,000,000,000 (the “2024 Bonds I”) in Chinese mainland. The 2024 Bonds I have a maturity of 5 years and the coupon
                     rate is 2.84% per annum. The 2024 Bonds I were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market. The 2024 Bonds I will mature on 28
                     February 2029 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2024 Bonds I at 31 December 2025 was estimated at approximately
                     RMB2,041,940,000 (2024 restated: RMB2,066,920,000), which was determined based on the closing market price of the 2024 Bonds I
                     at that date and is within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.


             (g)     On 24 April 2024, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of corporate bonds (first phase) with a principal amount
                     of RMB900,000,000 (the “2024 Bonds II”) in Chinese mainland. The 2024 Bonds II have a maturity of 5 years and the coupon rate is
                     2.54% per annum. The 2024 Bonds II were listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The 2024 Bonds II will mature on 24 April 2029 at
                     the principal amount. The fair value of the 2024 Bonds II at 31 December 2025 was estimated at approximately RMB919,431,000 (2024
                     restated: RMB907,101,000), which was determined based on the closing market price of the 2024 Bonds II at that date and is within
                     level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.


             (h)     On 17 July 2024, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (second phase) with a principal
                     amount of RMB2,000,000,000 (the “2024 Bonds III”) in Chinese mainland. The 2024 Bonds III have a maturity of 5 years and the
                     coupon rate is 2.30% per annum. The 2024 Bonds III were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market. The 2024 Bonds III will mature
                     on 19 July 2029 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2024 Bonds III at 31 December 2025 was estimated at approximately
                     RMB2,008,040,000 (2024 restated: RMB2,025,720,000), which was determined based on the closing market price of the 2024 Bonds
                     III at that date and is within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.


             (i)     On 27 November 2024, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (fourth phase) with a principal
                     amount of RMB1,500,000,000 (the “2024 Bonds IV”) in Chinese mainland. The 2024 Bonds IV have a maturity of 3 years and the coupon
                     rate is 2.12% per annum. The 2024 Bonds IV were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market. The 2024 Bonds IV will mature on 29
                     November 2027 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2024 Bonds IV at 31 December 2025 was estimated at approximately
                     RMB1,507,215,000 (2024 restated: RMB1,510,860,000), which was determined based on the closing market price of the 2024 Bonds
                     IV at that date and is within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.


             (j)     On 10 January 2025, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (first phase) with a principal
                     amount of RMB2,000,000,000 (the “2025 Bonds I”) in Chinese mainland. The 2025 Bonds I have a maturity of 3 years and the coupon
                     rate is 1.83% per annum. The 2025 Bonds I were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market. The 2025 Bonds I will mature on 14
                     January 2028 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2025 Bonds I at 31 December 2025 was estimated at approximately
                     RMB2,029,518,000, which was determined based on the closing market price of the 2025 Bonds I at that date and is within level 1 of
                     the fair value hierarchy.


             (k)     On 8 August 2025, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (second phase) with a principal
                     amount of RMB2,000,000,000 (the “2025 Bonds II”) in Chinese mainland. The 2025 Bonds II have a maturity of 3 years and the
                     coupon rate is 1.81% per annum. The 2025 Bonds II were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market. The 2025 Bonds II will mature
                     on 11 August 2028 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2025 Bonds II at 31 December 2025 was estimated at approximately
                     RMB2,002,838,000, which was determined based on the closing market price of the 2025 Bonds II at that date and is within level 1 of
                     the fair value hierarchy.


             (l)     On 23 October 2024, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of super short-term commercial papers with a principal
                     amount of RMB1,000,000,000 (the “2024 Commercial Papers”) in Chinese mainland. The 2024 Commercial Papers have a maturity of
                     60 days and the coupon rate is 1.94% per annum. The 2024 Commercial Papers were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market. The
                     2024 Commercial Papers were matured and fully repaid on 23 December 2024 at the principal amount.
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025       209


                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




43. GUARANTEED NOTES PAYABLE AND CORPORATE BONDS (continued)
   Notes: (continued)


   (m)     On 9 January 2025, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of super short-term commercial papers with a principal
           amount of RMB1,000,000,000 (the “2025 Commercial Papers I”) in Chinese mainland. The 2025 Commercial Papers I have a maturity
           of 77 days and the coupon rate is 1.67% per annum. The 2025 Commercial Papers I were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market.
           The 2025 Commercial Papers I were matured and fully repaid on 28 March 2025 at the principal amount.


   (n)     On 29 May 2025, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of super short-term commercial papers with a principal
           amount of RMB1,000,000,000 (the “2025 Commercial Papers II”) in Chinese mainland. The 2025 Commercial Papers II have a maturity
           of 119 days and the coupon rate is 1.64% per annum. The 2025 Commercial Papers II were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market.
           The 2025 Commercial Papers II were matured and fully repaid on 26 September 2025 at the principal amount.


   (o)     On 30 May 2025, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of super short-term commercial papers with a principal
           amount of RMB1,500,000,000 (the “2025 Commercial Papers III”) in Chinese mainland. The 2025 Commercial Papers III have a maturity
           of 119 days and the coupon rate is 1.64% per annum. The 2025 Commercial Papers III were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market.
           The 2025 Commercial Papers III were matured and fully repaid on 26 September 2025 at the principal amount.


   (p)     On 16 July 2025, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of super short-term commercial papers with a principal
           amount of RMB1,000,000,000 (the “2025 Commercial Papers IV”) in Chinese mainland. The 2025 Commercial Papers IV have a maturity
           of 166 days and the coupon rate is 1.50% per annum. The 2025 Commercial Papers IV were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market.
           The 2025 Commercial Papers IV were matured and fully repaid on 30 December 2025 at the principal amount.


   (q)     On 17 September 2025, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of super short-term commercial papers with a
           principal amount of RMB1,000,000,000 (the “2025 Commercial Papers V”) in Chinese mainland. The 2025 Commercial Papers V have a
           maturity of 71 days and the coupon rate is 1.53% per annum. The 2025 Commercial Papers V were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond
           Market. The 2025 Commercial Papers V were matured and fully repaid on 28 November 2025 at the principal amount.


   (r)     On 18 September 2025, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of super short-term commercial papers with a
           principal amount of RMB2,000,000,000 (the “2025 Commercial Papers VI”) in Chinese mainland. The 2025 Commercial Papers VI have
           a maturity of 70 days and the coupon rate is 1.53% per annum. The 2025 Commercial Papers VI were listed on the China Inter-bank
           Bond Market. The 2025 Commercial Papers VI were matured and fully repaid on 28 November 2025 at the principal amount.
210   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      44. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS

             Long service payment
             The Group is obligated to pay long service payment to qualifying employees in Hong Kong with a minimum of 5 years
             employment period upon retirement or termination of employment under certain circumstances, in accordance with the
             Hong Kong Employment Ordinance (the “Employment Ordinance”). Long service payment is calculated based on the
             last monthly salary of the employees and the number of years of service. There are provisions under the Employment
             Ordinance permitting employers to offset employees’ long service payment against the accrued benefits attributable to
             employer’s contributions to the MPF Scheme. In 2022, the Employment and Retirement Schemes Legislation (Offsetting
             Arrangement) (Amendment) Bill 2022 (the “Amendment Bill”) was enacted, such that the Company can no longer
             use accrued benefits arising from MPF mandatory employer contributions to offset employees’ long service payment
             accrued as from the transition date in 2025. The enactment of the Amendment Bill is treated as a plan amendment.
             Except for the statutory right to offset as described above, the long service payment benefits are unfunded.

             The liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position in respect of long service payment is the net
             obligation, representing the present value of the future long service payment benefits reduced by entitlements from
             accrued benefits arising from MPF contributions made by the Group.

             The net long service payment obligation is exposed to interest rate risk, the risk of changes in the longevity at retirement
             or termination of employment for the Group’s employees, expected rate of future salary increase and market risk
             associated with investment returns of employees’ MPF Scheme.

             The present value of the net defined benefit obligations was carried out on 31 December 2025 by Towers Watson Hong
             Kong Limited, an independent qualified professional valuer, using the projected unit credit actuarial valuation method.

             The principal actuarial assumptions used as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                                            2025                  2024
              Discount rate (%)                                                                               2.8                   3.6
              Expected rate of salary increases (%)                                                           4.0                   4.0


             Movements in the present value of the net defined benefit obligations are as follows:


                                                                                                          2025                    2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                                             (restated)
              At 1 January                                                                                28,037                21,388
              Service cost                                                                                 5,993                 5,017
              Interest cost                                                                                  906                   677
              Benefit paid                                                                                (4,782)               (4,330)
              Remeasurements                                                                               5,433                 4,667
              Exchange adjustments                                                                        (1,053)                  618
              At 31 December                                                                              34,534                28,037
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025     211


                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2025




45. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

   Pursuant to the A-shares Restricted Stock Incentive Plan (Phase IV) (the “Incentive Plan (Phase IV)”) of CSCECL, a total
   of 34,620,000 incentive shares and 5,490,000 incentive shares were granted to certain employees of the Company
   (including three directors and certain senior management) on 23 December 2020 and 23 December 2021 (collectively,
   the “Grant Dates (Phase IV)”), respectively, with an exercise price of RMB3.060 per share. The incentive shares
   granted are subject to a lock-up period of two years’ service from each of the Grant Dates (Phase IV) (the “Lock-Up
   Periods (Phase IV)”). During the Lock-Up Periods (Phase IV), the incentive shares are not transferable, nor subject to
   any guarantee, indemnity or pledge. One-third of the awards are vested each year starting from the beginning of the
   third year on a time-apportionment basis since each of the Grant Dates (Phase IV). Subject to CSCECL’s achievement of
   performance conditions and individual’s key performance indicators, the restriction over these shares will be removed,
   otherwise, CSCECL has a constructive obligation to repurchase the ordinary shares in cash if the performance conditions
   of CSCECL or the individual’s key performance indicators are not achieved.

   The fair value of incentive shares on the Grant Dates (Phase IV) determined using a comparable generally accepted
   methodology was RMB1.94 per share. The significant inputs into the methodology include closing price of RMB5 per
   share on the Grant Dates (Phase IV), exercise price of RMB3.060 per share and share-based payments cap at 30% or
   40% of respective two years’ employees remuneration.

   From the Grant Dates (Phase IV) up to 31 December 2023, 13,810,000 incentive shares were exercised, in aggregate,
   in accordance with the Incentive Plan (Phase IV) and 720,000 incentive shares lapsed, in aggregate, due to transfer or
   resignation of directors and employees. No incentive shares were cancelled during this period.

   22,600,000 and 2,980,000 incentive shares were cancelled in 2024 and 2025, respectively, in accordance with the
   Incentive Plan (Phase IV).
212   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      46. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES

             Hong Kong
             The Group previously held 31.5% interests in a group of entities and classified as interests in associates. During
             the year, all the existing shareholders authorised the Group to vote at the board meeting on behalf. Pursuant to the
             delegation of voting rights, the Group continues to hold 31.5% interests in these entities but will be the key decision
             maker. Consequently, the Group deemed to have control and consolidated these entities.

             On the acquisition date, there were no other material assets and liabilities other than those disclosed in the table below.


                                                                                                                             RMB’000
              Net assets acquired:
              Property, plant and equipment                                                                                   173,294
              Right-of-use assets                                                                                               6,462
              Interests in joint ventures                                                                                         579
              Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                 2,306
              Deferred tax assets                                                                                               1,279
              Inventories                                                                                                       2,361
              Trade and other receivables                                                                                     153,259
              Amounts due from joint ventures                                                                                  58,442
              Amounts due from related companies                                                                               10,938
              Loan to an associate                                                                                              1,345
              Loan receivables                                                                                                 37,004
              Bank balances and cash                                                                                          125,031
              Trade payables, other payables and accruals                                                                    (233,840)
              Amounts due to related companies                                                                                 (8,275)
              Bank borrowings                                                                                                 (49,500)
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                        (20,854)
              Tax payables                                                                                                    (24,257)
                                                                                                                              235,574
              Non-controlling interests                                                                                      (138,112)
                                                                                                                               97,462

              Satisfied by:
              Interests in associates                                                                                          97,462


             An analysis of the net cash and cash equivalents in respect of the acquisition of subsidiaries is as follows:


                                                                                                                             RMB’000
              Bank balances and cash acquired and net inflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash
                flows related to investing activities                                                                         125,031


             Since the acquisition, the entity contributed RMB310,806,000 to the Group’s revenue and RMB70,394,000 to the
             consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2025.

             Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the period, the revenue from continuing operations of the Group and
             the profit of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025 would have been RMB597,768,000 and RMB83,814,000,
             respectively.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025     213


                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2025




46. ACQUISITION OF SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

    Chinese mainland
    The Group also acquired the following subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2025：


                                                                                       Equity interest             Month of
     Name of subsidiaries acquired                                                           acquired            acquisition
     廣東海朝科技產業發展有限公司                                                                               81%           May 2025
     重慶中建海龍兩江建築科技有限公司                                                                            100%       December 2025


    On the acquisition date, there were no other material assets and liabilities other than those disclosed in the table below.


                                                                                                                    RMB’000
     Net assets acquired:
     Property, plant and equipment                                                                                   130,756
     Right-of-use assets                                                                                              85,175
     Deferred tax assets                                                                                               6,076
     Inventories                                                                                                      20,896
     Properties held for sale                                                                                        610,505
     Trade and other receivables                                                                                      62,488
     Deposits and prepayments                                                                                            182
     Bank balances and cash                                                                                          161,178
     Trade payables, other payables and accruals                                                                    (289,958)
     Bank borrowings                                                                                                (506,856)
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                        (37,542)
     Tax payables                                                                                                    (23,645)
                                                                                                                     219,255
     Non-controlling interests                                                                                       (40,202)
     Gain on acquisition of a subsidiary                                                                             (23,068)
                                                                                                                     155,985

     Satisfied by:
     Cash consideration                                                                                               71,140
     Interests in joint ventures                                                                                      84,845
                                                                                                                     155,985


    An analysis of the net cash and cash equivalents in respect of the acquisition of subsidiaries is as follows:


                                                                                                                    RMB’000
     Cash consideration                                                                                              (71,140)
     Bank balances and cash acquired                                                                                 161,178
     Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows related to investing activities                   90,038
214   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      47. CASH FLOW INFORMATION

             Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                               Liabilities from financing activities
                                                      Guaranteed
                                                    notes payable                   Loan from       Loan from
                                                    and corporate         Lease       a fellow          a joint         Bank
                                                           bonds      liabilities   subsidiary         venture    borrowings          Total
                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000
              At 1 January 2024 (restated)              8,863,801       209,925        600,000       2,400,000     61,585,520    73,659,246
              Cash flows (restated)                     3,893,703      (159,278)      (352,950)     (2,400,000)     6,997,159     7,978,634
              Exchange adjustments (restated)              42,678         (5,495)        4,050               —        276,936       318,169
              Other non-cash movements (restated)           2,416       261,031              —               —       (783,383)     (519,936)
              At 31 December 2024 and
                 1 January 2025 (restated)              12,802,598     306,183         251,100               —     68,076,232    81,436,113
              Cash flows                                   500,000    (208,537)        (92,860)              —      3,962,770     4,161,373
              Acquisition of subsidiaries                       —           —               —                —        556,356       556,356
              Exchange adjustments                         (58,383)     (2,138)         (3,240)              —       (437,396)     (501,157)
              Other non-cash movements                         179     218,720              —                —             —        218,899
              At 31 December 2025                       13,244,394     314,228         155,000               —     72,157,962    85,871,584


      48. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

             As at 31 December 2025, the Group provided guarantees amounted to approximately RMB760,811,000 (2024 restated:
             RMB721,151,000) for the repayment of the mortgage bank loans granted to purchasers of the Group’s properties.

             The fair value of the guarantees is not significant and the directors of the Company consider that in the event of
             default on payments, the net realisable value of the related properties can cover the repayment of the outstanding
             mortgage principals together with the accrued interest and penalties and therefore no provision has been made in these
             consolidated financial statements for the guarantees.


      49. OPERATING LEASE ARRANGEMENTS

             The Group as lessor
             The Group leases its investment properties under operating lease arrangements. All of the properties leased out have
             committed tenants for the next 1 to 11 years (2024: 1 to 10 years) without termination options granted to tenants.

             At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group had contracted with tenants for the following future minimum lease
             payments:


                                                                                                              2025                    2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                                                 (restated)
              Within one year                                                                               111,364                77,987
              After one year but within two years                                                            77,390                48,565
              After two years but within three years                                                         48,593                26,230
              After three years but within four years                                                        35,417                15,646
              After four years but within five years                                                         26,016                15,413
              After five years                                                                               57,162                29,539
                                                                                                            355,942               213,380
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025    215


                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




50. COMMITMENTS

   At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group has the following commitments contracted but not provided for in the
   consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                            (restated)
    Contracted but not provided for
      — construction in progress for property, plant and equipment                        10,602              30,502


   For unpaid committed investments relating to the Group’s interests in joint ventures, please refer to note 20(a) for
   details.


51. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

   (a)    Transactions
          Apart from the balances due from or to related parties detailed elsewhere in the consolidated financial
          statements, the Group entered into the following material transactions with the immediate holding company,
          an intermediate holding company, fellow subsidiaries, a related company, associates and joint ventures during
          the year:


                                                                                          2025                   2024
                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                            (restated)
           Fellow subsidiaries
           Rental income                                                                   7,590               7,785
           Rental expenses                                                                   360               1,453
           Security service payments                                                      18,971              18,281
           Revenue from construction contracts                                           490,190             854,813
           Project consultancy service income                                              1,787              16,931
           Construction costs                                                          5,122,086           4,043,323
           Revenue from connection service                                                11,638              11,638
           Insurance premium income                                                        1,285               1,246
           Interest income on debt securities at FVOCI                                     2,648               2,639
           Interest income on deposits                                                       860               2,056
           Interest expenses                                                               2,053               9,633
           Management fee income                                                             183               7,388
           Management fee expenses                                                         9,672               4,473
           Sales of building materials                                                     4,195                  —
           Purchase of construction materials                                            374,865              29,237

           Associates
           Purchase of construction materials                                            195,854             341,279
           Revenue from construction contracts                                           264,565             515,687
           Project consultancy service income                                                664               3,656
216   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      51. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

             (a)    Transactions (continued)

                                                                                                          2025                    2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                                             (restated)
                        Joint ventures
                        Revenue from construction contracts                                              760,785            1,696,238
                        Interest income                                                                    6,754               17,044
                        Interest expenses                                                                     —                34,601

                        Immediate holding company
                        Insurance premium income                                                           2,211                 2,018

                        Intermediate holding company
                        Revenue from construction contracts                                               20,324              145,866

                        Related company
                        Revenue from construction contracts                                                6,581                 2,086
                        Project consultancy service income                                                 6,080                11,008


             (b)    Significant transactions with other government-related entities in Chinese mainland
                    Certain of the Group’s business are operated in an economic environment currently predominated by entities
                    directly or indirectly owned, controlled or significantly influenced by the PRC government. In addition, the Group
                    itself is part of a larger group of companies under CSCEC which is controlled by the PRC government.

                    Apart from transactions with its immediate holding company, intermediate holding company, fellow subsidiaries,
                    related company, associates and joint ventures of the Group, the Group has entered into transactions with other
                    government-related entities including but not limited to the following:

                    •     Revenue from construction contract

                    •     Investment income

                    •     Finance costs

                    These transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of the Group’s business on terms comparable to those
                    with other entities that are not government-related.

                    Certain of the Company’s subsidiaries had entered into various transactions with government-related entities,
                    including general banking facilities transactions with certain banks and financial institutions which are government-
                    related entities, in their ordinary course of business. In view of the nature of those banking transactions, the
                    directors are of the opinion that separate disclosure would not be meaningful.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025     217


                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2025




51. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)

    (c)   Compensation of key management personnel
          The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:


                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                             (restated)
           Short-term benefits                                                             34,611               41,160
           Post-employment benefits                                                           222                  257
                                                                                           34,833               41,417


          The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the remuneration committee having regard
          to the performance of individuals and market trends.

          Apart from transactions with associates and joint ventures, certain related party transactions also constitute
          connected transactions or continuing connected transactions under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities
          on the SEHK (the “Listing Rules”) for which the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
          Listing Rules had been duly complied with.
218   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      52. COMPANY STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT

                                                                        2025           2024
                                                                     RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                  (restated)
              Non-current Assets
              Interests in subsidiaries                             20,268,808   13,475,988
              Current Assets
              Amounts due from subsidiaries                         11,638,963   16,028,538
              Bank balances and cash                                   211,364       61,097
                                                                    11,850,327   16,089,635
              Current Liabilities
              Other payables                                            21,604       33,202
              Tax payable                                                   73          424
              Bank borrowings                                        3,541,992    3,252,344
              Loan from a fellow subsidiary                                 —       251,100
                                                                     3,563,669    3,537,070
              Net Current Assets                                     8,286,658   12,552,565
              Total Assets less Current Liabilities                 28,555,466   26,028,553

              Capital and Reserves
              Share capital                                            123,804      118,098
              Share premium and reserves (Note)                     21,391,859   19,018,042
                                                                    21,515,663   19,136,140
              Non-current Liability
              Bank borrowings                                        7,039,803    6,892,413
                                                                    28,555,466   26,028,553


             On behalf of the Board




                                  Zhang Haipeng                 Wang Xiaoguang
                                     Director                      Director
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025     219


                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2025




52. COMPANY STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENT
    (continued)
   Note:


                                                                               Capital
                                                       Share     Special    redemption    Translation     Retained
                                                    premium      reserve       reserve       reserve        profits         Total
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

    At 1 January 2024 (restated)                   17,374,775    31,489            300      1,345,389      212,710     18,964,663
    Profit for the year (restated)                         —          —             —              —     2,734,380      2,734,380
    Exchange differences on translation
       (restated)                                          —          —             —        167,049             —       167,049

    Total comprehensive income for the year
       (restated)                                          —          —             —        167,049     2,734,380      2,901,429

    Capital contribution relating to share-based
       payment borne by an intermediate
       holding company (restated)                          —       6,071            —              —             —          6,071
    Cancellation of incentive shares (restated)            —     (20,548)           —              —        20,548             —
    2023 final dividend paid (restated)                    —          —             —              —     (1,339,097)   (1,339,097)
    2024 interim dividend paid (restated)                  —          —             —              —     (1,515,124)   (1,515,124)
    Unclaimed dividends forfeited (restated)               —          —             —              —           100           100

    At 31 December 2024 and
       1 January 2025 (restated)                   17,374,775    17,012            300      1,512,438      113,517     19,018,042
    Profit for the year                                    —          —             —              —     2,755,269      2,755,269
    Exchange differences on translation                    —          —             —        (126,392)           —       (126,392)

    Total comprehensive income for the year                —          —             —        (126,392)   2,755,269      2,628,877

    Issuance of ordinary shares                     2,792,171         —             —              —             —      2,792,171
    2024 final dividend paid                               —          —             —              —     (1,398,546)   (1,398,546)
    2025 interim dividend paid                             —          —             —              —     (1,648,685)   (1,648,685)
    Transfer from special reserve                          —     (17,012)           —              —        17,012             —

    At 31 December 2025                            20,166,946         —            300      1,386,046     (161,433)    21,391,859
220   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      53. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES

             Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 are as follows:


                                                       Place of
                                                       incorporation/    Issued and fully paid up         Attributable equity
              Name of subsidiary                       operations        share/registered capital            interest held        Principal activities
                                                                                                             2025          2024
                                                                                                                %             %
              Directly held by the Company:
              China Overseas Insurance Limited         Hong Kong         550,000,000 ordinary shares of       100          100    Insurance business
                                                                            HK$550,000,000
              China Overseas Insurance Services        Hong Kong         500,000 ordinary shares of           100          100    Insurance brokerage services
                 Limited                                                    HK$500,000
              China State Construction Engineering     Hong Kong         2,655,569,190 ordinary shares        100          100    Building construction, civil and
                 (Hong Kong) Limited                                        of HK$2,655,569,190                                      foundation engineering works and
                                                                            and 844,430,810 non-                                     investment holding
                                                                            voting deferred shares of
                                                                            HK$844,430,810
              China State Construction Science and     Hong Kong         100 ordinary shares of HK$100        100          100    Provision of related installation repairs
                 Technology Limited                                                                                                  and maintenance services
              Add Treasure Holdings Limited            BVI/Hong Kong     1 ordinary share of US$1             100          100    Investment holding
              Zetson Enterprises Limited               BVI/Hong Kong     1 ordinary share of US$1             100          100    Investment holding
              China State Construction Finance         Cayman Islands/   1 ordinary share of US$1             100          100    Issuance of guaranteed notes
                 (Cayman) I Limited                      Hong Kong
              CS International Holdings Limited        Hong Kong         1 ordinary share of HK$1             100          100    Investment holding
              China State Construction International   Hong Kong         1 ordinary share of HK$1             100          100    Investment holding
                 Investments Limited
              Ever Power Group Limited                 BVI/Hong Kong     1 ordinary share of US$1             100          100    Investment holding
              China State Construction Finance         Cayman Islands/   1 ordinary share of US$1             100          100    Issuance of guaranteed notes
                 (Cayman) II Limited                     Hong Kong
              China State Construction Finance         Cayman Islands/   1 ordinary share of US$1             100          100    Issuance of guaranteed notes
                 (Cayman) III Limited                    Hong Kong
              China State Construction Hailong         Cayman Islands/   1 ordinary share of US$1             100          100    Investment holding
                 Technology Group Limited                Hong Kong
              Barkgate Enterprises Limited             BVI/Hong Kong     200 ordinary shares of US$1          100          100    Investment holding
                                                                            each
              China Construction Engineering           Macau             MOP300,000,000                      100           100    Building construction, civil engineering
                 (Macau) Company Limited                                                                                             works and investment holding

              Indirectly held by the Company:
              China Overseas Building Construction     Hong Kong         129,999,900 ordinary shares of      100           100    Building construction, project
                 Limited                                                    HK$1,299,999,000 and 100                                 management and investment
                                                                            non-voting deferred shares                               holding
                                                                            of HK$1,000
              China Overseas (Hong Kong) Limited       Hong Kong         5,000,000 ordinary shares of        100           100    Investment holding and provision of
                                                                            HK$50,000,000                                            management services
              China State Civil Engineering Limited    Hong Kong         1,999,900 ordinary shares of        100           100    Civil engineering works, project
                                                                            HK$19,999,000 and 100                                    management and investment
                                                                            non-voting deferred shares                               holding
                                                                            of HK$1,000
              China State Foundation Engineering       Hong Kong         249,500,000 ordinary shares         100           100    Foundation engineering works and
                 Limited                                                    of HK$249,500,000 and                                    project management
                                                                            500,000 non-voting deferred
                                                                            shares of HK$500,000
              China State Machinery Limited            Hong Kong         2 ordinary shares of HK$2           100           100    Lease of plant and machinery
                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025            221


                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2025




53. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                             Place of
                                             incorporation/    Issued and fully paid up         Attributable equity
     Name of subsidiary                      operations        share/registered capital            interest held        Principal activities
                                                                                                   2025          2024
                                                                                                      %             %
     Indirectly held by the Company: (continued)
     China State Mechanical & Electrical   Hong Kong           100,000,000 ordinary shares of       100          100    Mechanical and electrical engineering
        Engineering Limited                                       HK$100,000,000                                           works and project management
     CSCEC Trade Mark Limited              Hong Kong           2 ordinary shares of HK$2            100          100    Holding of trade marks
     China Overseas Foundation             Hong Kong           1 ordinary share of HK$1             100          100    Property investment
        Engineering Limited
     Eastgood Investments Limited          Hong Kong           2 ordinary shares of HK$2            100          100    Investment holding
     China Overseas Mechanical &           Hong Kong           100 ordinary shares of HK$100        100          100    Mechanical and electrical engineering
        Electrical Engineering Limited                                                                                     works and project management
     Far East Facade (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong             900,000 ordinary shares of         70.79        70.78    Design, manufacture and installation of
                                                                  HK$188,952,242 and 5,000                                 curtain walls, aluminium windows
                                                                  non-voting deferred shares                               and other related products
                                                                  of HK$500,000
     Speedclass Development Limited          Hong Kong         100 ordinary shares of HK$100        100          100    Project management
     Treasure Construction Engineering       Hong Kong         150,000,000 ordinary shares of     70.79        70.78    Building construction
        Limited                                                   HK$150,000,000
     Transcendence Company Limited           Hong Kong         1 ordinary share of HK$1             100          100    Sales and distribution of construction
                                                                                                                           materials
     China Overseas Public Utility           BVI/Hong Kong     1 ordinary share of US$1           70.79        70.78    Investment holding
        Investment Limited
     China Overseas Ports Investment         BVI/Hong Kong     64,100,000 ordinary shares of        100          100    Investment holding
        Company Limited                                           US$1 each
     China Overseas Technology Holdings      BVI/Hong Kong     1 ordinary share of US$1             100          100    Investment holding
        Limited
     Citycharm Investments Limited           BVI/Hong Kong     1 ordinary share of US$1             100          100    Investment holding
     China State Hailong Construction        Hong Kong         1 ordinary share of HK$1             100          100    Manufacturing and sales of precast
        Technology Company Limited                                                                                         structures
     Fuller Sky Enterprises Limited          BVI               1 ordinary share of US$1           70.79        70.78    Investment holding
     Perfect Castle Limited                  BVI/Hong Kong     1 ordinary share of US$1             100          100    Investment holding
     Oceanic Empire Holdings Limited         BVI/Hong Kong     1 ordinary share of US$1             100          100    Investment holding
     Value Idea Investments Limited          BVI               1 ordinary share of US$1           70.79        70.78    Investment holding
     Weedon International Limited            BVI/Hong Kong     1 ordinary share of US$1             100          100    Investment holding
     Gamma Windows and Walls                 Canada            100 common shares of               66.28        66.27    Design, manufacture and installation of
        International Inc.                                        CAD53,362.36 each                                        curtain walls, aluminium windows
                                                                                                                           and other related products
     China State Construction                Cayman Islands/   2,255,045,000 ordinary shares      70.79        70.78    Investment holding
        Development Holdings Limited (iii)      Hong Kong         of HK$0.01 each
     Alchmex International Construction      United Kingdom/   20,000,000 ordinary shares of       100           100    Building construction, civil and marine
        Limited                                 Hong Kong         GBP1 each                                                engineering works, project and
                                                                                                                           construction management
     Far East Facade (UK) Limited            United Kingdom    1 ordinary share of GBP1           70.79        70.78    Design, manufacture and installation of
                                                                                                                           curtain walls, aluminium windows
                                                                                                                           and other related products
     COHL (Macao) Commercial and             Macau             MOP200,000                          100           100    Investment holding
       Industrial Company Limited
     CSFE (Macau) Limited                    Macau             MOP200,000                          100           100    Foundation engineering works
     CSME (Macau) Limited                    Macau             MOP200,000                          100           100    Mechanical and electrical engineering
                                                                                                                           works and investment holding
     Far East Facade (Macau) Limited         Macau             MOP25,000                          70.79        70.78    Installation of curtain walls, aluminium
                                                                                                                           windows and other related products
222   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      53. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                                    Place of
                                                    incorporation/     Issued and fully paid up        Attributable equity
              Name of subsidiary                    operations         share/registered capital           interest held        Principal activities
                                                                                                          2025          2024
                                                                                                             %             %
              Indirectly held by the Company: (continued)
              C.S.H.K. Dubai Contracting L.L.C.     United Arab        1,000 ordinary shares of            100          100    Building construction and road
                                                       Emirates           AED1,000 each                                           contracting
              Gamma North Corporation               United States of   1 share of US$1                   66.28        66.27    Manufacture of curtain walls,
                                                       America                                                                    aluminium windows and other
                                                                                                                                  related products
              Gamma USA, Inc.                       United States of   1,000 shares of US$0.001 each     66.28        66.27    Design, manufacture and installation of
                                                       America                                                                    curtain walls, aluminium windows
                                                                                                                                  and other related products
              Precious Deluxe Global Limited        BVI/Hong Kong    1 ordinary share of US$1              100          100    Investment holding
              On Success Development Limited        Hong Kong        10,000 shares of HK$1 each            100          100    Property investment
              Advocate Properties Limited           Hong Kong        10,000,000 shares of HK$1             100          100    Investment holding
                                                                        each
              中建投資（珠海）有限公司 (i) (ii)                 Chinese mainland HK$250,000,000                        100          100    Property investment and management
              瀋陽皇姑熱電有限公司 (i) (ii)                   Chinese mainland RMB680,660,000                      70.79        70.78    Generation and supply of heat and
                                                                                                                                   electricity and investment holding
              中海建築有限公司 (i) (ii)                     Chinese mainland RMB350,000,000                        100          100    Building construction, civil engineering
                                                                                                                                   works and investment holding
              中海監理有限公司 (ii)                         Chinese mainland RMB50,000,000                       70.79        70.78    Provision of project consultancy service
              中建海龍科技有限公司 (i) (ii)                   Chinese mainland RMB100,000,000                        100          100    Manufacturing and sales of precast
                                                                                                                                   structures
              安徽海龍建築工業有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland RMB10,000,000                         100          100    Manufacturing and sales of precast
                                                                                                                                   structures
              山東海龍建築科技有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland RMB30,000,000                         100          100    Manufacturing and sales of precast
                                                                                                                                   structures
              宿州海龍建築科技有限公司 (i) (ii)                 Chinese mainland RMB10,000,000                         100          100    Manufacturing and sales of precast
                                                                                                                                   structures
              中建陽泉基礎設施投資有限公司 (i) (ii)               Chinese mainland RMB100,000,000                        100          100    Infrastructure construction and
                                                                                                                                   operation
              陽泉市陽五高速公路投資管理有限                       Chinese mainland RMB202,000,000                        100          100    Infrastructure construction and
               公司 (ii)                                                                                                             operation
              深圳市中建宏達投資有限公司(ii)                     Chinese mainland   RMB200,000,000                      100          100    Investment holding
              深圳市中海投資有限公司 (ii)                      Chinese mainland   RMB3,500,000,000                    100          100    Investment holding
              中海創業投資（深圳）有限公司 (i) (ii)               Chinese mainland   US$29,800,000                       100          100    Investment holding
              中建國際投資集團有限公司 (i) (ii)                 Chinese mainland   US$2,768,000,000                    100          100    Investment holding
              中海物流（深圳）有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland   RMB53,437,250                       100          100    Property investment
              遠東力進幕牆（上海）有限公司                        Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                    70.79        70.78    Design, manufacture and installation of
               (formerly known as上海力進鋁質                                                                                            curtain walls, aluminium windows
               工程有限公司) (ii)                                                                                                        and other related products
              遠東幕牆（深圳）有限公司 (i) (ii)                 Chinese mainland HK$70,000,000                       70.79        70.78    Manufacture of curtain walls,
                                                                                                                                   aluminium windows and other
                                                                                                                                   related products
              遠東綠能科技（廣東）有限公司                        Chinese mainland RMB50,000,000                       70.79        70.78    Manufacture of building-integrated
                 (formerly known as 遠東光伏                                                                                           photovoltaics curtain walls and other
                 科技（廣東）有限公司) (i) (ii)                                                                                              related products
              Far East Facade (Singapore)           Singapore          2,000,000 ordinary shares of      70.79        70.78    Design, manufacture and installation of
                 Pte. Limited                                             SGD2,000,000                                             curtain walls, aluminium windows
                                                                                                                                   and other related products
              中建興業投資（湖南）有限公司 (i) (ii)               Chinese mainland RMB200,000,000                      70.79        70.78    Investment holding
              湖南遠東力進建築工程有限公司 (ii)                   Chinese mainland RMB50,000,000                       70.79        70.78    Consultancy and construction service
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025            223


                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2025




53. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                         Place of
                                         incorporation/   Issued and fully paid up   Attributable equity
     Name of subsidiary                  operations       share/registered capital      interest held        Principal activities
                                                                                        2025          2024
                                                                                           %             %
     Indirectly held by the Company: (continued)
     中建國際工程有限公司 (i) (ii)                   Chinese mainland RMB5,000,000,000             100          100    Building construction, civil engineering
                                                                                                                 works and investment holding
     廣東海昱建設工程有限公司 (ii)                   Chinese mainland RMB140,000,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     廣州海旭投資開發有限公司 (ii)                   Chinese mainland RMB50,000,000                 100           100    Infrastructure investment
     廣州海耀投資開發有限公司 (ii)                   Chinese mainland RMB50,000,000                 100           100    Infrastructure investment
     合肥中建國際投資發展有限公司(ii)                  Chinese mainland RMB200,000,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     南京海鑄建設發展有限公司 (i) (ii)               Chinese mainland RMB730,000,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     合肥嘉環建設有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland RMB100,000,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     中建國際投資（山東）有限公司 (i) (ii)             Chinese mainland RMB1,800,000,000              100           100    Infrastructure investment
     廣東順德海億開發建設有限公司 (ii)                 Chinese mainland RMB50,000,000                 100           100    Infrastructure investment
     青島海創建築科技有限公司 (i) (ii)               Chinese mainland RMB1,445,400,000              100           100    Infrastructure investment
     武漢海旭建設有限公司(ii)                      Chinese mainland RMB50,000,000                 100           100    Infrastructure investment
     溫州海澤建設發展有限公司 (i) (ii)               Chinese mainland RMB50,000,000                 100           100    Infrastructure investment
     中建國際投資（杭州）有限公司 (i) (ii)             Chinese mainland RMB813,124,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     天津海嘉建設發展有限公司 (ii)                   Chinese mainland RMB800,000,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     淄博海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                 Chinese mainland RMB1,096,017,398              100           100    Infrastructure investment
     中建國際投資（河南）有限公司 (i) (ii)             Chinese mainland RMB200,000,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     瑞安海銘建設發展有限公司 (i) (ii)               Chinese mainland RMB240,000,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     合肥江輝建設有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland RMB10,000,000                  99            99    Infrastructure investment
     湖州海昱建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                 Chinese mainland RMB10,000,000                  90            90    Infrastructure investment
     佛山海睿投資開發有限公司 (i) (ii)               Chinese mainland RMB105,500,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     長沙海嘉建設有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland RMB692,000,000                 90            90    Infrastructure investment
     鹽城海勝建設發展有限公司 (i) (ii)               Chinese mainland RMB734.000,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     福州海旭建設發展有限公司 (ii)                   Chinese mainland RMB30,000,000                 100           100    Infrastructure investment
     泰州海鑄置業有限公司 (i) (ii)                 Chinese mainland RMB19,000,000                  70            70    Infrastructure investment
     廬江海創建設有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland RMB695,011,764                 90            90    Infrastructure investment
     南昌海博建設有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland RMB100,000,000                 95            95    Infrastructure investment
     青島海新建築科技有限公司 (i) (ii)               Chinese mainland RMB710,000,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     淮安海嘉建設有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland RMB608,810,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     滁州海嘉同創建設管理有限公司 (ii)                 Chinese mainland RMB588,000,000                 69            69    Infrastructure investment
     無錫海銘建設發展有限公司 (i) (ii)               Chinese mainland RMB128,000,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     合肥江晨建設有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland RMB10,000,000                  99            99    Infrastructure investment
     福州海勝建設發展有限公司 (ii)                   Chinese mainland RMB20,000,000                 100           100    Infrastructure investment
     溫州海勝置業有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland RMB50,000,000                 100           100    Infrastructure investment
     溫州海新建設發展有限公司 (i) (ii)               Chinese mainland RMB50,000,000                 100           100    Infrastructure investment
     合肥海泓建設有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland RMB700,000,000                 90            90    Infrastructure investment
     鄭州海河建設工程有限公司 (i) (ii)               Chinese mainland RMB200,000,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     蕪湖海茲建設有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland RMB100,000,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     廣州海致投資開發有限公司(ii)                    Chinese mainland RMB10,000,000                 100           100    Infrastructure investment
     溫州海旭建築工程有限公司 (i) (ii)               Chinese mainland RMB332,500,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     南京海揚建設發展有限公司 (i) (ii) (iv)          Chinese mainland RMB338,500,000                100            —     Infrastructure investment
     蕪湖海鳴建設有限公司 (i) (ii) (iv)            Chinese mainland RMB214,400,000                100            —     Infrastructure investment
     福清海旭建設發展有限公司 (ii)                   Chinese mainland RMB30,000,000                 100           100    Infrastructure investment
     合肥海昭建設有限公司 (ii) (iv)                Chinese mainland RMB950,000,000                 90            —     Infrastructure investment
     寧波海昱建設有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland RMB360,000,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     濰坊海悅建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                 Chinese mainland RMB437,029,728                100           100    Infrastructure investment
     鄖西海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                 Chinese mainland RMB100,000,000                 75            75    Infrastructure investment
     徐州海勝建設發展有限公司 (i) (ii)               Chinese mainland RMB439,782,000                100           100    Infrastructure investment
224   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2025




      53. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                                        Place of
                                                        incorporation/      Issued and fully paid up   Attributable equity
                   Name of subsidiary                   operations          share/registered capital      interest held        Principal activities
                                                                                                          2025          2024
                                                                                                             %             %
                   Indirectly held by the Company: (continued)
                   江門海悅建設有限公司 (ii)                       Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000               99.99        99.99    Infrastructure investment
                   中海建築（臨沂）有限公司 (i) (ii)                 Chinese mainland   RMB368,081,910                 100          100    Infrastructure investment
                   中海海耀建築（煙臺）有限公司 (ii)                   Chinese mainland   RMB360,146,284                 100          100    Infrastructure investment
                   蕪湖海宇建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                   Chinese mainland   RMB171,400,000                 100          100    Infrastructure investment
                   徐州海銘置業有限公司 (i) (ii)                   Chinese mainland   RMB510,950,000                 100          100    Infrastructure investment
                   台州海莘建設發展有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland   RMB386,001,000                100          100     Infrastructure investment
                   中建海嘉建設工程有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland   RMB130,000,000                100          100     Infrastructure investment
                   長豐海勝建設有限公司 (ii)                       Chinese mainland   RMB200,000,000                100          100     Infrastructure investment
                   福州海悅建設發展有限公司 (ii)                     Chinese mainland   RMB50,000,000                 100          100     Infrastructure investment


             Notes:


             (i)          Registered as foreign owned enterprise


             (ii)         Limited liability company registered in Chinese mainland


             (iii)        Listed company


             (iv)         Incorporated in 2025


             None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities outstanding at the end of the year or at any time during the year,
             except for China State Construction Finance (Cayman) II Limited and 中建國際投資集團有限公司, which have issued
             guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds of US$250,000,000 (2024: US$250,000,000) and RMB11,500,000,000
             (2024: RMB11,000,000,000), respectively (Note 43).

             The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the
             results or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the Company’s directors,
             result in particulars of excessive length.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   225



                                                                                  FIVE YEAR
                                                                        FINANCIAL SUMMARY

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS

                                                             For the year ended 31 December
                                                 2021          2022            2023         2024            2025
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000
                                             (restated)    (restated)      (restated)   (restated)
Revenue                                     63,857,741    87,596,752     101,678,208    105,322,671    100,448,500

Profit before finance costs                  9,004,494    11,305,277      12,840,834     13,959,239     13,578,662
Share of profits of
  Joint ventures                               304,998       236,393         563,192        583,499        846,409
  Associates                                   646,600       286,849         281,198        244,813         12,068
Finance costs                               (2,203,935)   (2,569,629)     (2,864,652)    (2,948,312)    (2,469,668)
Profit before tax                            7,752,157     9,258,890      10,820,572     11,839,239     11,967,471
Income tax expense, net                     (1,610,117)   (1,983,621)     (2,137,196)    (2,618,957)    (2,962,098)
Profit for the year                          6,142,040     7,275,269       8,683,376      9,220,282      9,005,373

Profit for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                      5,617,526     6,834,956       8,192,656      8,565,331      8,588,443
  Holders of perpetual capital securities      384,199       254,113         272,481        339,297        228,808
  Non-controlling interests                    140,315       186,200         218,239        315,654        188,122
                                             6,142,040     7,275,269       8,683,376      9,220,282      9,005,373
226   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Five Year Financial Summary (continued)




      CONSOLIDATED NET ASSETS

                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                             2021             2022            2023             2024           2025
                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                         (restated)       (restated)      (restated)       (restated)
       NON-CURRENT ASSETS
       Property, plant and equipment                    4,176,407        4,285,438        5,143,662       5,747,119        6,505,429
       Right-of-use assets                                450,642          501,622          545,101         645,778          799,497
       Investment properties                            4,162,500        6,230,639        6,286,855       6,437,453        6,738,116
       Interests in infrastructure project
         investments                                    4,650,031        4,173,190        3,315,382       3,075,945       3,247,527
       Interests in joint ventures                     14,931,125       14,758,595       15,359,944      15,713,298      16,344,908
       Interests in associates                          7,589,947        6,584,682        5,553,626       6,049,544       5,585,917
       Concession operating rights                      3,073,235        2,928,698        2,784,161       2,639,624       2,411,087
       Deferred tax assets                                141,096          105,334          111,838         104,379         114,660
       Trademark, project backlogs and licences           216,075          208,878          196,233         182,452         164,258
       Goodwill                                           469,063          508,344          524,519         537,228         519,898
       Financial assets at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                             563,033          480,380          352,948         227,928         496,307
       Amounts due from investee companies                171,986          203,703          201,619          13,632          13,193
       Trade and other receivables                     44,201,019       46,891,538       50,485,568      50,405,363      53,621,833
       Loans to joint ventures                            729,788          728,352        1,165,619         999,497       1,021,852
       Loan receivables                                        —                —                —               —           37,530
                                                       85,525,947       88,589,393       92,027,075      92,779,240      97,622,012
       CURRENT ASSETS                                  92,533,006      112,798,719      142,689,067     170,658,642     183,067,287
       TOTAL ASSETS                                   178,058,953      201,388,112      234,716,142     263,437,882     280,689,299
       NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
       Bank borrowings                                 (38,852,848)     (40,002,342)     (46,589,894)    (54,780,476)    (57,061,597)
       Guaranteed notes payables and corporate
         bonds                                          (6,573,479)      (7,709,022)      (6,363,801)    (10,342,598)    (12,144,635)
       Contract liabilities                               (541,690)        (584,230)        (537,057)       (486,414)       (391,481)
       Defined benefit obligations                               —                —          (21,388)        (28,037)        (34,534)
       Deferred tax liabilities                           (422,831)        (447,223)        (536,388)       (585,125)       (592,585)
       Loan from a joint venture                        (2,400,000)      (2,400,000)              —               —               —
       Lease liabilities                                    (47,465)         (98,732)       (106,018)       (181,651)       (203,131)
                                                       (48,838,313)     (51,241,549)     (54,154,546)    (66,404,301)    (70,427,963)
       CURRENT LIABILITIES                             (75,453,028)     (90,485,684)    (113,117,517)   (125,960,561)   (129,884,261)
       TOTAL LIABILITIES                              (124,291,341)    (141,727,233)    (167,272,063)   (192,364,862)   (200,312,224)
       NET ASSETS                                      53,767,612       59,660,879       67,444,079      71,073,020      80,377,075
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025   227



                                                            PARTICULARS OF
                                               MAJOR INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                      gross floor     Group’s
Address                                            Use          Lease term                   area     interest
                                                                                           (sq.ft)          %
(a)   11th, 12th and 13th Floors, China            Commercial   Freehold                  11,603           100
      Construction Commercial Building, Rua
      do Campo No: 78, Macau

(b)   1st, 2nd, 3rd, 13th, 14th, 22nd and 23rd     Commercial   Medium term lease         60,692           100
      Floors, Zhongjian Commercial Building,
      Yingbin Road South, Gongbei District,
      Zhuhai, Guangdong Province, Chinese
      mainland

(c)   Shop A on Ground Floor and Car Parking       Commercial   Medium term lease          6,542           100
      Spaces, Nos. 1 to 24 on 1st Floor, Fu Po
      Garden, Estrada Marginal do Hipodromo
      No: 70–76, Macau

(d)   Shops on Basement, Ground Floor and          Commercial   Freehold                   9,530           100
      1st Floor, Car Parking Spaces Nos. 1 to
      6 on 1st Floor and Nos. 15 to 16 on 2nd
      Floor, Edificio Ou Va, Rua da Ribeira do
      Patane No: 109–115, Avenida Marginal do
      Patane No: 26–36, Macau

(e)   Shops A, C and E on Ground Floor, Shops      Commercial   Medium term lease        100,010           100
      B and D on 1st Floor, office floors Rooms
      A to B and E to F on 4th Floor, Rooms B to
      D on 5th Floor, Rooms E to F on 6th Floor,
      Rooms A to E on 7th Floor, 8th Floor,
      Rooms B to F on 9th Floor, Rooms A to
      F on 11th Floor, Rooms A to B on 12th
      Floor, Rooms C to E on 15th Floor, 16th
      Floor, Rooms A to E on 18th Floor, 19th
      Floor and Rooms A to E on 20th Floor,
      6 car parking spaces on basement floor
      and 61 car parking spaces on 2nd and
      3rd Floors, China Overseas Building, 139
      Hennessy Road and 138 Lockhart Road,
      Wanchai, Hong Kong

(f)   Room 201–401. Building #1, 371 Ding Mao      Commercial   Medium term lease        389,380           100
      Qiao Road, Zhenjiang, Jiangsu Province,
      Chinese mainland
228   China State Construction International Holdings Limited




      Particulars of Major Investment Properties (continued)




                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                               gross floor    Group’s
       Address                                              Use          Lease term                   area    interest
                                                                                                    (sq.ft)         %
       (g)   Factory at Lot No. 8, North of Dabieshan       Industrial   Medium term lease      1,182,724         100
             Road, South of Yonghe Road, East of
             Yunshan Road, West of Shuishan Road,
             Yeji Economic Development Zone, Luan,
             Anhui Province, Chinese mainland

       (h)   Factory 1–7 and 15, South of Yinxing           Industrial   Medium term lease        890,753         100
             Road, East of Jingui Road, West of Small
             and Micro Pioneer Park, Yeji Economic
             Development Zone, Luan, Anhui Province,
             Chinese mainland

       (i)   Yao Li Factory, West of 2nd Industrial         Industrial   Medium term lease        340,898         100
             Road, Yao Li Industrial Zone, Yeji District,
             Luan, Anhui Province, Chinese mainland

       (j)   China Overseas Logistics Centre,               Industrial   Medium term lease        566,960         100
             Mingzhu Road, Yantian District, Shenzhen,
             Guangdong Province, Chinese mainland

       (k)   M8, Travessa do Roquete No. 11 and Rua         Commercial   Freehold                  79,933         100
             de Se Nos. 9–13, Macau

       (l)   Basement and Car Parking Space, Room           Industrial   Medium term lease        906,281         100
             401–1001 of Building #1 and #2, Room
             801–1001 of Building #3, Room 501–
             1001 of Building #4, #5, #6 and #7 and
             Room 501–901 of Building #8, #9, #10
             and #11, No.88 Yongqi Road, Dongfeng
             Town, Zhongshan, Guangdong Province,
             Chinese mainland
28th Floor, China Overseas Building,
139 Hennessy Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
Tel : 2823 7888
Fax : 2527 6782
Website : www.csci.com.hk
