Annual Report 2023




                                     Exercise Caution in
                             Details and Implementation
                      Build a Strong Foundation to Seek

                     Greater Success
VISION   The Group adheres to its core values of

         Customer-oriented, Quality Assurance,
         Value Creation
         and inherits the business concept of “Exercising Caution in Details
         and Implementation; Building a Strong Foundation to Seek Greater
         Success”, strictly abides by the industry standard, upholds the heart of
         dedication, consciously shoulders the corporate mission of “We Manage
         Happiness”, and strives for growth and continuous innovation. With the
         continuous enhancement of individuals’ values and the perfect release of
         team creative energy, the Group aims to developing into an international
         enterprise and becoming a new role model of “harmonious and win-
         win” with shareholders, employees and society in the new era. The
         Group will continuously move towards the goal of becoming a world-
         class comprehensive enterprise integrating “Technology, Investment,
         Construction and Asset Operation”.
CONTENTS


2     Corporate Structure

4     Board of Directors and Committees

5     Corporate Information

7     Financial Highlights

8     Major Events of the Year

20    Chairman’s Statement

28    Management Discussion and Analysis

36    Business Review

51    Major Awards and Accolades

54    Corporate Citizenship
      - Staff Development and Personal Growth
      - Environmental Policy
      - The Group and Community
      - Investor Relations

64    Directors and Organisation

71    Corporate Governance Report

86    Directors’ Report

97    Connected Transactions

113   Audited Consolidated Financial Statements
      - Independent Auditor’s Report
      - Consolidated Income Statement
      - Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
      - Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      - Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      - Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
      - Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

229   Five Year Financial Summary

231   Particulars of Major Investment Properties
02   China State Construction International Holdings Limited



     CORPORATE STRUCTURE
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023     03
                                                  Corporate Structure (continued)




                                      Construction Related Investment
                                      General Contracting and Prefabricated Construction
CHINESE MAINLAND
                                      Operation of Infrastructure Assets
                                      Other Construction Related Business




                                      Building Construction
                                      Civil Engineering Works
                                      Foundation Engineering Works
HONG KONG
                                      Mechanical and Electrical Engineering Works
                                      Investment-driven Contracting Business
                                      Other Construction Related Business




                                      Building Construction
                                      Civil Engineering Works
                                      Foundation Engineering Works
MACAU
                                      Mechanical and Electrical Engineering Works
                                      Investment-driven Contracting Business
                                      Other Construction Related Business




                                      Curtain Wall System*
OTHERS
                                      Operation Management Business*




*   Operate through a listed subsidiary, China State Construction Development Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 00830)
04   China State Construction International Holdings Limited



     BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEES



     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                        COMMITTEES

     Chairman and Executive Director                           Audit Committee
     Zhang Haipeng                                             Wong Wai Ching (Chairlady)
                                                               Raymond Leung Hai Ming
     Non-executive Director                                    Chan Tze Ching Ignatius
     Yan Jianguo
                                                               Remuneration Committee
     Executive Directors                                       Raymond Leung Hai Ming (Chairman)
     Wang Xiaoguang (Chief Executive Officer)                  Wong Wai Ching
     Hung Cheung Shew                                          Chan Tze Ching Ignatius


     Independent Non-executive Directors                       Nomination Committee
     Raymond Leung Hai Ming                                    Chan Tze Ching Ignatius (Chairman)
     Wong Wai Ching                                            Raymond Leung Hai Ming
     Chan Tze Ching Ignatius                                   Wong Wai Ching


                                                               Sustainability Committee
                                                               Wang Xiaoguang (Chairman)
                                                               Zhang Haipeng
                                                               Raymond Leung Hai Ming
                                                               Wong Wai Ching
                                                               Chan Tze Ching Ignatius
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023   05

                                                       CORPORATE INFORMATION



Authorised Representatives                               Public Relations

Zhang Haipeng                                            Telephone     :    (852) 2823 7888
Yan Jianguo                                              Facsimile     :    (852) 2671 9477
                                                         E-mail        :    csci.pr@cohl.com
Company Secretary
                                                         Auditor
Ko Hiu Fung
                                                         Ernst & Young
Principal Share Registrar and Transfer Office            Certified Public Accountants
                                                         Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Suntera (Cayman) Limited
Suite 3204, Unit 2A, Block 3                             Principal Bankers
Building D, P. O. Box 1586
Gardenia Court, Camana Bay                               Agricultural Bank of China Limited
Grand Cayman, KY1-1100                                   Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited
Cayman Islands                                           Bank of Communications Co., Ltd.
                                                         BNP Paribas Hong Kong Branch
Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar and                     China Construction Bank Corporation
Transfer Office                                          China Development Bank Corporation
                                                         Hang Seng Bank Limited
Tricor Standard Limited                                  Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd.
17/F, Far East Finance Centre                            The Bank of East Asia, Limited
16 Harcourt Road                                         The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
Hong Kong
Telephone       :   (852) 2980 1333                      Listing
Facsimile       :   (852) 2810 8185
E-mail          :   is-enquiries@hk.tricorglobal.com     The Company’s shares are listed on The Stock Exchange
                                                         of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock E xchange”) and
Registered Office                                        certain debt securities issued by the Company and/or its
                                                         subsidiaries are listed on the Stock Exchange and/or other
Cricket Square                                           stock exchange.
Hutchins Drive
P.O. Box 2681                                            Stock Code
Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Cayman Islands                                           Shares
                                                         Stock Exchange: 03311
Head Office and Principal Place of Business in           Bloomberg: 3311:HK
Hong Kong                                                Reuters: 3311.HK


28th Floor, China Overseas Building                      Website
139 Hennessy Road, Wanchai
Hong Kong                                                www.csci.com.hk


Investor Relations

Telephone       :   (852) 2823 7888
Facsimile       :   (852) 2671 9477
E-mail          :   csci.ir@cohl.com
06   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Corporate Information (continued)




     Financial Calendar

     Interim Results Announcement
     24 August 2023


     Record date – Interim Dividend
     15 September 2023


     Payment date – Interim Dividend
     10 October 2023


     Final Results Announcement
     21 March 2024


     Closure of Register of Members – Annual General Meeting
     3 June 2024 to 6 June 2024 (both days inclusive)


     Annual General Meeting
     6 June 2024


     Record date – Proposed Final Dividend
     18 June 2024


     Payment date – Proposed Final Dividend
     9 July 2024
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023       07

                                                                FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



                                                                 For the year ended 31 December
                                                    2019            2020          2021          2022                     2023
 Results (HK$’000)
 Revenue                                     61,669,678       62,458,009        77,309,614      101,975,265      113,734,013
 EBITDA (Note)                               10,044,381        11,339,973       12,485,168       14,362,945       16,027,295
 Profit attributable to owners of
   the Company                                 5,413,208        6,015,368        6,800,879         7,956,876       9,164,045

 Financial Ratios
 Net margin (%)                                       8.8              9.6              8.8               7.8              8.1
 Current ratio (times)                               1.06             1.10             1.23             1.25             1.28
 Financial Information Per Share
 Earnings (HK$)                                      1.07             1.19             1.35             1.58             1.82
 Dividend (HK cents)                                  32                36             40.5               48               56
 Net assets (HK$)                                  10.08             11.54            13.14            13.46            14.74
 Other Information
 Value of incomplete contracts
   at 31 December (HK$ billion)                   227.07           252.37           281.36            294.53          350.05


Note:   EBITDA represents profit before tax, interest expenses, depreciation and amortisation charged to the consolidated income
        statement during the year.




BREAKDOWN OF SEGMENT                                            BREAKDOWN OF SEGMENT
REVENUE                                                         RESULTS
for the year ended 31 December 2023                             for the year ended 31 December 2023

                   CSC                                                               CSC
               Development                                                       Development
                  Group                                                             Group Hong Kong
         Macau     5.2%                                                      Macau 5.7%      7.1%
          9.5%                                                                6.7%
                                        Hong Kong
                                          27.1%




   Chinese                                                          Chinese
   Mainland                                                         Mainland
    58.2%                                                            80.5%
08   China State Construction International Holdings Limited



     MAJOR EVENTS OF THE YEAR



     January



                                                               On 6 January, China Construction
                                                               Engineering (Macau) Company Limited
                                                               (“CCE Macau”), a subsidiary of the Group,
                                                               won 13 gold awards, 10 silver awards,
                                                               and 7 bronze awards at the "Construction
                                                               Industry Safety Awards Scheme 2022”
                                                               forum and award presentation hosted by
                                                               the Macau Labor Affairs Bureau, ranking
                                                               first in both the total number of gold medals
                                                               and the total number of awards received.




           On 16 January, China State Construction
           Engineering (Hong Kong) Ltd. (“CSHK”),
           a subsidiary of the Group, became the
           only construction company awarded in
           the United Nations Industrial Development
           Organization (UNIDO) Global Call 2022 for
           its outstanding performance in low-carbon
           and smart manufacturing for Hong Kong’s
           Organic Resources Recovery Centre
           Phase 2 (OPARK2).
                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023   09
                                                     Major Events of the Year (continued)




February




  On 20 February, a presentation ceremony for the Hong Kong
  Awards for Environmental Excellence, known as the “Oscars” of
  the environmental protection industry in Hong Kong, was held at
  the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre. The OPARK2
  project built by CSHK, a subsidiary of the Group, received the gold
  award in the construction industry category, while the Tseung Kwan
  O Desalination Plant project and the Relocation of Sha Tin Sewage
  Treatment Works to Caverns project received certificates of merit.
10   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Major Events of the Year (continued)




     March



           On 1 March, the permanent
           community isolation facility
           in Penny’s Bay, Hong Kong,
           constructed by the Group and
           aided by the Central Government,
           was closed after being used for two
           years and seven months during
           the pandemic. A total of 270,000
           people had spent time in the facility,
           and at its busiest, it accommodated
           8,000 people at the same time.




                                                               On 17 March, the first academician expert
                                                               workstation in Hong Kong, established by
                                                               the Gorup in cooperation with Professor
                                                               Chen Xiangsheng, an academician of the
                                                               Chinese Academy of Engineering, was
                                                               officially unveiled.




           From 22 to 24 March, the Group’s
           cutting-edge scientific and
           technological achievements in the field
           of prefabricated construction as well
           as a number of its major livelihood
           projects were showcased in the 2023
           Conference on International Industrial
           Cooperation (Singapore) & China’s
           Machinery & Electronics Show in
           Singapore.
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023   11
                                      Major Events of the Year (continued)




April



                                         In early April, the Yangquan East toll station and Yinying
                                         toll station of Yangwu Expressway operated by China
                                         State Construction International Asset Management
                                         Limited, a subsidiary of the Group, and the Macau New
                                         Neighbourhood project in Hengqin operated by CCE
                                         Macau were awarded the National Women’s Civilization
                                         Post and the National Demonstration Post for Youths’
                                         Safety Production respectively.




  On 16 April, a topping-out
  ceremony was held for the
  affordable housing EPC project at
  Zhangkengjing, Longhua District,
  Shenzhen, which was China’s
  first high-rise concrete modular
  affordable housing project and
  jointly undertaken by China State
  Construction Hailong Technology
  Company Limited (“CSC Hailong”)
  and China Overseas Construction
  Comp any L im ite d (“COCCL”),
  subsidiaries of the Group.
12   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Major Events of the Year (continued)




     May



                                                                                 On 5 May, the 2023 Fortune China
                                                                                 ESG Impact List was released. With its
                                                                                 outstanding ESG performance, the Group
                                                                                 ranks among the 40 most influential Chinese
                                                                                 companies in terms of ESG.




           In May, the Group successively won the bids for three livelihood projects in Hong Kong and Macau, namely “New Acute
           Hospital at Kai Tak Development Area (Site A)”, “Redevelopment of Prince of Wales Hospital, Phase 2 (Stage 1)” and
           “Design and Construction Contract for the South Section of the Light Rapid Transit East Line”, with a total contract
           amount of HK$35.9 billion.




           In May, the “Light-S” series of photovoltaic curtain wall products,
           made from building-integrated photovoltaics (BIPV), a new type
           of photovoltaic building material independently developed by
           China State Construction Development Holdings Limited (“CSC
           Development”), a subsidiary of the Group, were showcased in
           the 25th Tektónica International Building and Construction Fair
           in Portugal.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   13
                                                  Major Events of the Year (continued)




June



                                                              From 19 to 21 June, CSC Hailong, a
                                                              subsidiary of the Group, participated in
                                                              the 20th China International Exposition of
                                                              Housing Industry & Products and Equipment
                                                              of Building Industrialization, displaying a
                                                              Modular Integrated Construction (MiC) model
                                                              home as part of the “China’s Homes of
                                                              Tomorrow 2023”.




  On 27 June, the Macau New Neighbourhood project in
  Hengqin undertaken by CCE Macau, a subsidiary of the
  Group, was officially unveiled. The ceremony was attended
  by, among others, Director Lei Wai Nong, Deputy Director
  Niu Jing and Deputy Director Wu Zijian of the Executive
  Committee of the Hengqin Guangdong-Macao In-Depth
  Cooperation Zone.
14   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Major Events of the Year (continued)




     July




                                                               In July, the Group was notified by FTSE Russell that the Company
                                                               had been independently assessed according to the FTSE4Good
                                                               criteria and had satisfied the requirements to become a constituent
                                                               of the FTSE4Good Index Series for the seventh consecutive year.




           In July, top rating agency S&P Global published
           its Sustainability Yearbook (China edition) 2023,
           the first Chinese edition of the yearbook. With
           its outstanding sustainability performance,
           the Group became the only construction and
           engineering company included in the yearbook
           and won the title of “Industry Mover”.




                                                                              On 20 July, a topping-up ceremony was held for
                                                                              the Macau Senior Apartment Housing project
                                                                              undertaken by CCE Macau, a subsidiary of the
                                                                              Group. The ceremony was attended by, among
                                                                              others, Lam Wai Hou, Director of Macau’s Public
                                                                              Works Bureau and Hon Wai, Director of Macau’s
                                                                              Social Welfare Bureau.
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023   15
                                                         Major Events of the Year (continued)




August




  On 16 August, COCCL, a subsidiary of the Group, and China Southwest Architectural Design and Research Institute
  Corp., Ltd. jointly won the bid for the Industrial Community Neighborhood Centre Project in Baibu Economic
  Development Zone, Jiaxing, which was the first concrete modular high-rise building in Zhejiang Province.




  In August, the Group was selected as a
  constituent of the Hang Seng Corporate
  Sustainability Benchmark Index due
  to its outstanding performance in
  sustainable development.




  On 21 August, China State Construction International Investments Limited (“CSCIIL”), a subsidiary of the Group, issued the
  first tranche of its 2023 green corporate bonds, with a size of RMB1.1 billion, for a term of 3 years and with a coupon rate
  of 2.88%. It was China’s first green bond issued with the highest grade of certification for prefabricated construction, and
  received an issuer rating and a facility rating of AAA from China Chengxin Credit Rating Group, as well as the highest G1-
  grade green certification from Lianhe Equator Environmental Impact Assessment Co., Ltd.
16   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Major Events of the Year (continued)




     September



                                                               In September, Hong Kong was hit by
                                                               Super Typhoon Saola and torrential
                                                               rain. The Group immediately responded
                                                               to HKSAR Government’s request for
                                                               support, organizing an emergency
                                                               support team of over 650 people
                                                               and deploying over 140 construction
                                                               vehicles to mitigate the impact of the
                                                               disaster effectively. Our efforts were
                                                               highly recognized by people from all
                                                               walks of life in Hong Kong.




           In September, the curtain wall of
           the Murray Road Project in Central,
           undertaken by CSC Development, a
           subsidiary of the Group, was topped
           out, showcasing a complete set
           of technologies of demonstrative
           significance for complex hyperbolic
           curtain walls.
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023      17
                                                       Major Events of the Year (continued)




October




  On 4 October, CSHK, a subsidiary of the Group, attended the presentation ceremony of the 29th Considerate Contractors
  Site Award Scheme co-organized by HKSAR Government’s Development Bureau and Hong Kong’s Construction Industry
  Council and won 15 awards. For the second consecutive year, CSHK received the most awards in the scheme.




                                                          On 12 October, the Burj Khalifa Curtain Wall Project
                                                          in Dubai and the Murray Road Curtain Wall Project
                                                          in Central, Hong Kong, both undertaken by CSC
                                                          Development, a subsidiary of the Group, were featured
                                                          in China Central Television’s (CCTV) large-scale
                                                          documentary “Collaborative Construction”.




  On 9 October, CSHK, a subsidiary of the Group,
  hosted the CSHK Clean Energy Plan Activation
  cum Memorandum of Understanding (MoU)
  Signing Ceremony to announce the first clean
  energy initiative for the construction industry in
  Hong Kong.
18   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Major Events of the Year (continued)




     November




           On 3 November, the Leirong Expressway Project invested and undertaken by China State Construction International
           Investment (Guizhou) Limited, a subsidiary of the Group, was completed and opened to traffic.




           In November, CSC Development, a subsidiary of
           the Group, won the bid for the OPPO Headquarters
           Curtain Wall Project in Shenzhen, the world’s most
           complex curved curtain wall project.
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023   19
                                                    Major Events of the Year (continued)




December




  On 12 December, the 2023 Forum on Future Urban Construction and Sustainable Development, co-hosted by the Group,
  the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Construction Industry Collaborative Development Research Centre and the Group’s
  academician workstation in cooperation with the Hong Kong Smart Construction R&D Centre, was held in Hong Kong.




                                                     On 19 December, Zhao Lili, operating director of China
                                                     State Construction International Medical Industry
                                                     Development Co., Ltd. under CSHK, a subsidiary of the
                                                     Group, was invited to attend the “Hong Kong Spirit 2023”
                                                     award ceremony and received the “Hong Kong Spirit
                                                     Ambassador” certificate of appreciation.




  On 15 December, the “14th Five-Year Plan”
  national key R&D project “Research on and
  Application of the Key Technologies of Modular
  Integrated Construction” spearheaded by CSC
  Hailong, a subsidiary of the Group, and jointly
  submitted by CSC Hailong with nine other units,
  obtained official approval.
20   China State Construction International Holdings Limited



     Chairman’s Statement




                                                                          Mr. Zhang Haipeng
                                                               Chairman and Executive Director
                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023   21
              Chairman’s Statement (continued)




Chairman’s
Statement
In the year, the Group secured

121 NEW CONTRACTS
with attributable contract value
of approximately


HK$188.02
billion
22   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Chairman’s Statement (continued)




     ENHANCE QUALITY AND                                               Facing a complex external environment, the Group adhered

     EFFICIENCY THROUGH                                                to its strategy of competitive differentiation, forged ahead

     TECHNOLOGY EMPOWERMENT                                            with technology empowerment, strengthened its business
                                                                       management, actively engaged in market expansion, and

     Review of Operation                                               strived for high-quality development, thus once again
                                                                       delivering a performance that satisfied all walks of lives
     The road to global economic recovery in 2023 was long             in society. The Group was awarded a number of major
     and winded. As Europe and the United States (US) saw              livelihood projects in Hong Kong and Macau, confirming
     sticky core inflation, central banks in Europe and the US         its market-leading position. As our business structure in
     had to maintain a high-interest rate environment. The             Chinese mainland continued to be optimized, our operating
     European economy was pronouncedly weak, while the                 cash flow, which had moved back to positive territory
     pressure to achieve economic growth was on the rise in            in the previous year, remained positive. In addition, our
     the US, weighing on its financial system and leading to           facade business continued to grow rapidly, and once again
     negative spillovers to the global economy. Geopolitical           reached the peak of construction difficulty.
     crises and local conflicts broke out one after another
     around the world, posing severe challenges to global              As of 31 December 2023, the audited revenue of the Group
     trade and supply chains. During the year, the Chinese             amounted to HK$113,734 million, with an operating profit
     economy withstood external pressure, overcame internal            of HK$14,986 million. The profit attributable to the owners
     obstacles and stood up to challenges, thereby rallying            of the Company increased by 15.2% to HK$9,164 million,
     and improving continuously. Demand in the service sector          with basic earnings per share of HK$1.82 and net asset
     picked up significantly, leading to improved employment           value per share of HK$14.74. The Board recommended the
     data, while the government continued to implement a               distribution of a final dividend of HK28.5 cents per share for
     proactive fiscal policy, with policy effectiveness on the rise.   the year of 2023. The total dividend distributed throughout
     During 2023, China’s economic aggregate reached a new             the year amounted to HK56.0 cents, representing a year-
     level and continued to be an important driving force of the       on-year increase of 16.7%.
     world’s economic development. Driven by the recovery
     of Chinese mainland’s economy, the economies of Hong
     Kong and Macau continued to rally, picking up growth
     momentum. Benefitting from revived tourism and domestic
     demand, Hong Kong achieved further economic recovery,
     while Macau took a solid step forward in its moderately
     diversified development, with a big climb in the number of
     inbound tourists and a higher-than-expected rebound in
     gaming revenue.
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023       23
                                                               Chairman’s Statement (continued)




Hong Kong and Macau Markets                                     Chinese Mainland Market
In recent years, the Hong Kong government has actively          In 2023, the Group continued to optimize the quality of
promoted large construction projects such as the Northern       its investments and implement its strategy of technology
Metropolis. The Group made full use of its competitive          empowerment in Chinese mainland. Newly signed
advantages in professional fields and its brand value to        contracts in Chinese mainland amounted to HK$96,055
seize opportunities and successfully obtained a number          million, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.5%. The
of large projects in the Northern Metropolis. With its          Group further optimized its investment map and focused on
strong technical strength in healthcare construction, the       cementing its leading position in key investment areas. Our
Group continued to benefit from the “10-year Hospital           investment in government-targeted repurchase projects
Development Plan”. It also performed well in traditional        achieved a breakthrough and entered Guangzhou for the
housing construction and was awarded a number of                first time. During the year, over 90% of our newly awarded
public and private housing projects, including the Olympic      investment projects in Chinese mainland were located in
Avenue project in Kai Tak, the largest among the first batch    high-quality areas including the Yangtze River Delta and
of Light Public Housing projects. During the year, newly        the Greater Bay Area. The Group refined the operational
signed contracts in the Hong Kong market amounted to            scales of its projects and completed key milestones ahead
HK$70,921 million, representing a significant increase of       of schedule to create favorable conditions for the collection
58.0%.                                                          of receivables. As a result, the Group continued to maintain
                                                                a positive operating net cash flow during the year.
The Group also actively leveraged its technological
advantages in the Macau market. We secured Macau’s              The Group actively explored the points of convergence
largest civil project of the year (the south section of the     between its technological advantages and the needs
Light Rapid Transit East Line) and its only hospital project    of homeowners, organizing tours for homeowners from
(the Islands Healthcare Complex), thus further cementing        different regions to visit and inspect its production bases
our leading position in the industry. During the year,          and projects under construction. These tours helped to
newly signed contracts in the Macau market amounted to          introduce our MiC products into Beijing, Guangzhou,
HK$9,541 million, as we continued to maintain our leading       Jiaxing and other cities, setting many firsts in the industry.
position in the Macau market.                                   The renovation and reconstruction project of Building
                                                                No. 8 in Huapichang Hutong, Xicheng District, Beijing,
The Group spared no effort in promoting the integrated          undertaken by the Group, was one of the first batch of
development of the construction industry in the Greater         old community renovation pilots in Beijing (and the first in
Bay Area, winning three consecutive Greater Bay Area            Xicheng District) using the “compensatory replacement of
integration projects and achieving a number of “first-          demolished housing” model. The project reached delivery
in-China” institutional innovations. The Nansha Primary         standards in only 90 days, receiving special publicity from
School Ocean Times Campus expansion project in                  the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
Guangzhou awarded to us during the year was not only            Commission and CCTV’s Xinwen Lianbo program. The
the first Guangdong–Hong Kong integration pilot project         project provided a new solution for the reconstruction of
in Guangzhou, but also the first concrete MiC project in        old communities in super large cities and megacities, and
Guangzhou.                                                      has become a new benchmark for using construction
                                                                technology to serve people’s livelihood.
24   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Chairman’s Statement (continued)




     Facade Market                                                Sustainable Development Management
     CSC Development, a subsidiary of the Group, delivered        While forging ahead with its business development, the
     a strong performance in both the Hong Kong and Macau         Group continued to optimize its sustainable development
     markets and the Chinese mainland market. In Hong Kong        management and promote adjustments to the appointment
     and Macau, CSC Development successfully delivered            of independent non-executive directors. We announced six
     the Murray Road project in Central, and was successively     policies, including the “Sustainable Procurement Policy”
     awarded large public works, residential and commercial       and the “Water Resources Management Policy”, as we
     projects, demonstrating its solid market-leading position.   strived to establish a sound internal ESG management
     In Chine se mainland, CSC Deve lopme nt gaine d a            system. During the year, the Group actively promoted the
     foothold in the Beijing market and had good cooperation      internal application of its independently developed “carbon
     with strategic customers including Huawei. The OPPO          neutral cloud platform”, which has been fully implemented
     International Headquarters project in Shenzhen, awarded      in its Hong Kong and Macau projects and has been
     during the second half of the year, involved a variety of    piloted in its Chinese mainland projects, thus laying a solid
     complex processes, once again setting a new world record     foundation for subsequent carbon management. The
     for the most difficult facade project ever. Our building-    Group made the 2023 Fortune China ESG Impact List
     integrated photovoltaic (BIPV) business also continued to    and received the 2022 Leap Forward Award by CDP, both
     make breakthroughs. During the year, CSC Development         for the first time. It was included in the first Sustainability
     launched the new photovoltaic curtain wall products Light    Yearbook (China edition) by S&P Global and was named
     A and Mega Light A, completed the construction of its        an “Industry Mover”. It was selected as a constituent of
     first photovoltaic curtain wall production line, and won     the FTSE4Good Index for the seventh consecutive year,
     the bid for the BIPV project for the Shenzhen Academy of     and was re-selected as a constituent of the Hang Seng
     Metrology & Quality Inspection. During 2023, newly signed    Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index, which shows
     contracts of CSC Development amounted to HK$11,501           that the Group’s sustainability performance was once again
     million, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.6%.      recognized by the market and authoritative institutions.
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023    25
                                                              Chairman’s Statement (continued)




Risk Management                                                Financial Management
In order to continuously identify and manage strategic,        In 2023, the Group adhered to its prudent financial policy
f inancial, market, operational and other risks, the           and focused on the management of cash flows. Our net
Group has established a risk management and control            operating cash flow and net investment cash flow remained
team, whose members include executive directors and            positive and kept improving. The Group timely seized
senior management. The audit department and the risk           the financing window of RMB, thus further increasing
management and control team regularly and independently        the percentage of RMB in its debt balance, slashing
evaluate and monitor risks to keep them at acceptable          financing costs reasonably and reducing exchange rate
levels. During the year, the Group actively followed up on     risks. The Group also continued to actively leverage green
relevant developments, reasonably assessed potential risk      financial instruments, obtaining a sustainability-linked
points, and proactively prevented and controlled risks, as     loan of US$100 million in Hong Kong, and issuing the first
it continued to promote the construction and review of         tranche of its green corporate bonds (23 CSCII G1). It was
internal control to ensure that its operation complies with    China’s first green bond issued with the highest grade of
laws and regulations.                                          certification for prefabricated construction.


                                                               The financial position of the Group remained sound, with
                                                               sufficient cash on hand and available financial resources.
                                                               As of 31 December 2023, cash on hand amounted to
                                                               HK$28,463 million, accounting for 11.4% of its total assets.
                                                               The net gearing ratio was controlled at 66.1%, representing
                                                               a year-on-year decrease of 3.3 percentage points.
                                                               Unutilised bank credit facilities were HK$80,021 million,
                                                               representing a decrease of 12.5% as compared with that of
                                                               the corresponding period in the previous year.
26   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Chairman’s Statement (continued)




     Human Resources                                                Technological Innovation
     The Group attaches great importance to the management          Technology is one of the strategic cores of the Group as
     and reserve of human resources as well as the training         well as the key to getting the Group out of “red ocean”
     of employees. With an open and inclusive attitude, we          competition. In 2023, the Group invested HK$486 million in
     recruit talents with rich industry experience and cutting-     R&D, forging ahead with the goals set in the 14th Five-Year
     edge scientific and technological knowledge. During the        Plan. Technology empowerment continued to drive the
     year, the Group carried out extensive recruitment activities   enhancement of the quality and efficiency of the Group’s
     to effectively respond to the rapidly growing demand for       business development. During the year, the Group achieved
     talent in Hong Kong. It continued to strengthen cooperation    remarkable technology-driven growth, as newly signed
     with academic experts and jointly built the first overseas     technology-driven contracts amounted to HK$74,620
     academician and expert workstation in Hong Kong with           million, accounting for 39.7% of the total newly signed
     Academician Chen Xiangsheng. The Group is committed            contracts with a year-on-year increase of 44.6%. At the
     to establishing good cooperative relations with major          end of the year, we made a breakthrough in undertaking
     universities, having reached preliminary agreements on         high-level national R&D projects, as two projects submitted
     talent cooperation with three universities including Harbin    by the Group, “Research on and Application of the Key
     Institute of Technology. We also co-hosted the 4th National    Technologies of Modular Integrated Construction” and
     Civil Engineering College Student Cadre Forum with             “Research on and Application of Key Technologies for the
     Southeast University. During the year, the “8-Minute Topic”    Combination of Normal Use and Emergency of Healthcare
     program was officially launched. Under the program, one        Buildings”, obtained approval under the 14th Five-Year Plan
     or two outstanding employees are invited each month to         national key R&D program. CSC Development continued to
     share grassroots-level practices and exchange experiences      promote R&D in BIPV. In addition to product development,
     and thoughts at the president’s of fice meeting. The           it completed the internal photovoltaic transformation of
     program serves as a platform for employees to showcase         our Zhuhai plant, which has achieved on-grid connection
     themselves and communicate with management. With its           and electricity generation. The transformation can provide
     excellent human resources management achievements,             40% of the annual electricity consumption of the Zhuhai
     the Group won the 2023 Liepin National “Extraordinary          plant. The Group hosted the 2023 Forum on Future
     Employer” award, and was the only construction company         Urban Construction and Sustainable Development. As an
     to win the “Grand Award – Employer of the Year” in Hong        exclusive strategic partner of sustainability, it participated
     Kong.                                                          in the BEYOND Expo 2023. It also took part in large
                                                                    exhibitions including the China International Exposition of
                                                                    Housing Industry & Products and Equipment of Building
                                                                    Industrialization, the Tektónica International Building and
                                                                    Construction Fair in Portugal, and the China–ASEAN Expo,
                                                                    actively promoting its technological achievements to the
                                                                    outside world. During the year, we obtained 211 patents
                                                                    and won major awards including the ICE Annual Awards –
                                                                    Edmund Hambly Medal, awards at the Geneva International
                                                                    Exhibition of Inventions, the Luban Prize (National Quality
                                                                    Engineering) (Overseas Works), the China Patent Award –
                                                                    Excellence Award, and the Guizhou Province Science and
                                                                    Technology Progress Award – Second Prize. The Group’s
                                                                    outstanding scientific and technological strength has been
                                                                    widely recognized both in China and around the world. In
                                                                    the future, the Group will continue to put effort into R&D
                                                                    and marketing to further transform its business.
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023      27
                                                                Chairman’s Statement (continued)




Business Outlook                                                 Acknowledgement
In 2023, the Group forged ahead with market expansion,           With this opportunity, I would like to express my sincere
thus successfully achieving its growth targets. We also          gratitude to the Board for its brilliant leadership, to our
continued to optimize our business structure and maintain        partners and investors for their strong support, to other
a solid financial structure. With its industr y-leading          members of society for their generous assistance, and to
technological strength, the Group actively promoted              all our staff for their hard work.
industrialization and informatization in construction,
delivered high-quality projects, and further enhanced its
brand reputation.


Looking to the future, we can see that many positive factors
in China’s economic development are accumulating. Driven
by China’s development, the economies of Hong Kong               By Order of the Board
and Macau will also continue to recover. The Group will          China State Construction International Holdings Limited
conduct an in-depth analysis of macroeconomic conditions         Zhang Haipeng
and national policies in order to develop new quality            Chairman and Executive Director
productive forces. For the Hong Kong and Macau markets,
we will further enhance our strategic planning, strengthen       Hong Kong, 21 March 2024
the training and reserve of professional talents in civil
engineering, environmental protection and other fields,
and support large urban development plans including
the Northern Metropolis. We will also continue to secure
different kinds of projects including large hospitals, public
housing and environmental protection facilities. For the
Chinese mainland market, we will focus on selecting high-
quality projects and balancing funds. We will also actively
promote the application of construction technology and use
construction technology to improve people’s livelihood. The
Group’s technology-driven strategy has already achieved
remarkable results. In the future, we will continue to focus
on technological innovation and digital transformation, and
leverage technology empowerment to fuel the Company’s
long-term high-quality development.
28   China State Construction International Holdings Limited



     Management Discussion and Analysis




     Management
     Discussion and
     Analysis
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023     29
                                Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)




        Profit attributable to owners of the Company was


        HK$9,164 million,
        represents a year-on-year increase of 15.2%.

        HK$501 million net cash inflow from operating activities.




Overall Performance

The Group has continued to maintain growth momentum this year after exceeding HK$100 billion in turnover last year. The
Group’s revenue increased by 11.5% to HK$113.7 billion.


Basic earnings per share was HK$1.82, a year-on-year rise of 15.2%. With a proposed final dividend per share of HK28.5
cents, an interim dividend per share of HK27.5 cents paid in the year, the total dividends for the year amount to HK56.0
cents per share, representing an increase of 16.7% as compared to last year.


During the year, Hong Kong, Macau and Chinese mainland remained the core markets and the major contributors of
the Group, accounted for 27.1%, 9.5% and 58.2% of the Group’s revenue, respectively. In Hong Kong and Macau, the
Group focused on the construction business in both private and public sectors, and further consolidated its leading
position in the field by our continued strong performance. In Chinese mainland, the Group mainly focused on construction
related investment projects, its sustained scale growth is underpinned by its strong business execution and customer’s
satisfaction. China State Construction Development Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (together, the “CSC Development
Group”) mainly focused on facade contracting business. This listed subsidiary is currently managed by a separate
management team and thus is considered as a distinct business unit of the Group.
30   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)




     An analysis of major income statement items for the year is set out in the following paragraphs:


     Hong Kong and Macau

     Construction and Related Business

     During the year, Hong Kong segment successively secured large hospital projects, won bids for large infrastructure projects
     and the housing projects located in core regions. In the absence of construction projects related to pandemic prevention,
     Hong Kong’s revenue dropped 17.2% to HK$30,822 million. Segment result amounted to HK$1,026 million, dropped by
     19.3%.


     Macau’s revenue remains high as several large-scale hospital and comprehensive entertainment project continues,
     amounting HK$10,770 million, up by 2.2%. Segment result increased 76.5% to HK$960 million. This is because profit of
     several large-scale projects commenced to realise profit in the year.


     Chinese mainland

     Chinese mainland segment continues to increase investment in high-quality markets such as the Yangtze River Delta and
     the Greater Bay Area. At the same time, the Group increases the expansion of Modular Integrated Construction (“MiC”)
     business and apply it to different provinces and fields. Revenue and segment result from Chinese mainland rose by 36.1%
     and 12.4% year-on-year to HK$66,185 million and HK$11,558 million, respectively.


     (1)      Construction Related Investment Projects

              Our Construction Related Investments Projects span over different kinds of business, including investment and
              construction of toll road, toll bridge and a variety of housing project, such as affordable housing, hospital and
              school. The Group continued to optimise the project mix on hand, increased participation in government targeted
              repurchase projects and other shorter cash payback cycle project in order to accelerate capital turnover. During the
              year, Chinese mainland increased efforts on cash collection and received buy-back payment of HK$46,147 million
              from Construction Related Investment Project, including the attributable share of such payment received by our joint
              venture investments, up by 45.6%.


              Construction Related Investment Projects remained the core business and the major contributor of Chinese
              mainland. Revenue and result grow at 37.7% and 16.4% over last year to HK$64,495 million and HK$10,896 million
              respectively.


     (2)      Operation Infrastructure Projects

              Operation Infrastructure Projects represents toll road operation. The revenue from Operating Infrastructure Projects
              excluding contribution from joint venture was HK$152 million, remain at the same level as last year.
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   31
                                  Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)




(3)     Other Business

        Other Business mainly represents contribution from industrial plant reconstruction, prefabricated construction
        industrialisation factories and other business such as project management services. The revenue from this sector
        was HK$1,538 million, dropped 5.8%.


China State Construction Development Holdings Limited

CSC Development Group focused on the facade contracting business, general contracting business and operating
management business. CSC Development Group further solidified its leading position in the market of Hong Kong and
Macau and continues to expand its market in Chinese mainland. During the year, both revenue and result continued to do
well.


Investment Income, Other Income and Other Gains/(Losses), net

Investment Income, Other Income and Other Gains/(Losses), net decreased 59.0% to HK$647 million, the decrease was
mainly due to the reduce of fair value gain on investment properties and no disposal gain of the Group’s investments
recognised during the year.


Share of Profits of Associates

The Group continued to drive the contracting business by its investment in associates. The share of profits of associates
dropped 5.8% to HK$315 million.


Share of Profits of Joint Ventures

The Group mainly operates toll bridge and infrastructure investment projects in the form of joint ventures. With the opening
of several toll roads, the share of profits of joint ventures up by about 1.3 times to HK$630 million for the year.


Finance Costs

During the year, the finance costs charged to profit for the year increased by 7.1% to HK$3,204 million. The increase was
mainly due to the increase of scale of the Group.


Earnings Per Share

Basic earnings per share increased by 15.2% to HK$1.82 for the year ended 31 December 2023. The calculation of the
basic earnings per share is based on the profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company of HK$9,164 million and
the weighted average number of 5,037,616,668 ordinary shares in issue during the year.
32   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)




     CORPORATE FINANCE
     Financial Position of the Group

     (a)     Shareholder’s Equity

             During the year, a subsidiary of the Group issued RMB2,000 million perpetual medium term notes, raised
             approximately HK$2,200 million, net of expenses.


             The Group dedicated to maintain a sound financial position with a strong capital base to support its stable
             expansion. Shareholders’ equity reached HK$74,278 million as at 31 December 2023. The increase was mainly
             attributable to the profit for the year of HK$9,713 million, the RMB2,000 million perpetual medium term notes issued
             during the year, partly offset by the translation loss of HK$2,741 million due to the depreciation of Renminbi (“RMB”)
             and the distribution of HK$2,594 million during the year.


     (b)     Bank Balances and Cash

             At 31 December 2023, the Group had bank balances and cash of HK$28,463 million, representing 11.4% of the total
             assets. The portfolio of the currencies of bank deposits is listed as follow:


                                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                                              %                 %


             Hong Kong Dollars (“HKD”)                                                                       17                 26
             RMB                                                                                             78                 65
             Macao Patacas                                                                                     3                 7
             United State Dollars (“USD”)                                                                      1                 1
             Others                                                                                            1                 1


             The bank deposits outside Hong Kong are mainly for subsidiaries in various regions. During the year, the Group has
             no financial instrument for currency hedging purpose.
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023      33
                                Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)




(c)   Borrowings

      The Group’s financing and treasury activities are centrally managed and controlled at the corporate level. We
      have good access to bank loans and the capital market, and are committed to stable and low-cost financing,
      and increasing the flexible use of funds between Chinese mainland and Hong Kong in order to enhance the
      effectiveness of capital usage.


      During the year, the Group issued RMB1,100 million corporate bonds in Chinese mainland, raised approximately
      HK$1,230 million, net of expenses.


      At 31 December 2023, the total borrowings of the Group (including the unsecured guaranteed notes denominated in
      USD and the corporate bonds denominated in RMB issued by the Group) were HK$77,587 million, of which, 13.3%,
      2.5% and 84.1% of the total borrowings were denominated in HKD, USD and RMB respectively. In view of exchange
      rate fluctuation in recent years, the Group intended to increase the proportion of RMB finance in order to naturally
      hedge with the exposure from the receipts of Chinese mainland business.


      Bank borrowings bore interest at both fixed and floating rates with reference to either Hong Kong Inter-bank Offered
      Rate (“HIBOR”) or People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) Loan Prime Rate (the overall condition was favorable) while
      the notes and bonds bore fixed interest rate. During the year, the Group increased the proportion of fixed rate
      borrowing in Chinese mainland given the low interest rate market environment in Chinese mainland to lower the cost
      of financing.
34   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)




             The following table sets out the maturities of the Group’s total borrowings as at 31 December 2023 and 2022:


                                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                                  HK$’ million       HK$’ million


             Bank borrowings
             On demand or within one year                                                               16,515            13,720
             More than one year but not exceeding two years                                             17,790            16,552
             More than two years but not more than five years                                           27,643            19,068
             More than five years                                                                        5,877              9,837


             Total bank borrowings                                                                      67,825            59,177
             Unsecured guaranteed notes payable                                                          1,944              1,942
             Corporate bonds                                                                             7,818              9,798


             Total borrowings                                                                           77,587            70,917


             At 31 December 2023, the Group had net borrowings of HK$49,124 million and the Group’s net gearing ratio
             was 66.1%. This ratio is calculated as net borrowings divided by total equity. Net borrowings is calculated as total
             borrowings (including current and non-current borrowings as shown in the consolidated statement of financial
             position) less cash and cash equivalents. At 31 December 2023, committed but unutilised credit facilities and other
             banking facilities like construction performance bond facilities amounted to HK$80,021 million.


     (d)     Cash Flows Analysis

             During the year, the Group’s cashflow continues to improve, generated HK$501 million and HK$1,174 million net
             cash inflow from operating and investing activities, respectively. The net cash inflow from financing activities was
             HK$4,548 million.
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023      35
                               Management Discussion and Analysis (continued)




Management Policies for Financial Risk

1.   Interest Rate Risk

     The Group’s fair value and cash flow interest rate risk mainly related to fixed rate and variable rate borrowings,
     respectively. In order to exercise prudent management against interest rate risk, the Group has established policies
     and procedures to assess, book and monitor all such financial risks. The Group will continue to review the market
     trend as well as its business operation’s needs, so as to arrange the most effective interest risk management tools.


2.   Credit Risk

     The Group’s principal financial assets are bank balances and cash, trade and other receivables. The Group’s trade
     and other receivables presented in the consolidated statement of financial position are net of allowances for doubtful
     receivables. An allowance for impairment is made according to the Group’s accounting policy or where there is an
     identified loss event which, based on previous experience, is evidence of a reduction in the recoverability of cash
     flows. Credit extended to business associates is based on the reputation and financial position of the customers.
     In connection with projects in progress (whether in Hong Kong, Macau, Chinese mainland or overseas), the major
     customers are the local governments, government-related entities and certain institutional organisations and certain
     reputable property developers. Therefore, the Group is not exposed to any significant credit risk.


     With respect to the credit risk of the Group’s treasury operations, the Group’s bank balances and cash must be
     placed and entered into financial institutions of good reputation so as to minimise the Group’s credit risk exposure.


3.   Foreign Exchange Risk

     The Group undertakes certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies, primarily with respect to the
     RMB and USD, hence exposures to foreign exchange risk. The Group manages this risk by closely reviewing the
     fluctuation of the exchange rate and adjusting the financing structure if needed. In recent years, the Group intended
     to increase the proportion of RMB finance in order to naturally hedge with the exposure from the receipts of Chinese
     mainland business.
36   China State Construction International Holdings Limited



     BUSINESS REVIEW




     Business
     Review
                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023   37
                                            Business Review (continued)




At the end of 2023, the Group has

338 projects in progress with an
aggregated attributable contract value of


HK$571.94 billion.
38   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Business Review (continued)




     MAJOR COMPLETED PROJECTS IN 2023
                                                                                                Government/     Institutional   Private
      No. Project Name                                                                          Public Sector     Bodies        Sector

             Building Construction

      1      Contract for Redevelopment of Kwong Wah Hospital (Phase 1)                                              •

      2      Residential Redevelopment at Nos 1–11 Au Pui Wan Street, Fo Tan                                                      •

      3      Residential Development at Hing Wah Street, Cheung Sha Wan                                                           •

      4      Residential Development at NKIL6574, Area 4B, Site 3, Kai Tak, Kowloon                                               •

             Civil Engineering Works

      1      Tseung Kwan O – Lam Tin Tunnel and Related Projects                                     •

      2      Exhibition Station and Western Approach Tunnel Project of Shatin to Central Link                                     •

      3      Hiram's Highway Improvement Stage One, Sai Kung                                          •

             Construction Related Investment

      1      Leishan-Rongjiang Expressway PPP Project, Qiandongnan, Guizhou Province                  •

      2      Affordable Housing Construction (Phase II), Lucheng District, Wenzhou Lucheng,          •
             Zhejiang Province

      3      Government Targeted Repurchase Project of Changba (Phase III), Tinghu District,                         •
             Yancheng, Jiangsu Province

      4      University and Science & Technology City PPP Project, Yuelu Mountain,                   •
             Changsha, Hunan Province

      5      Innovation City PPP Project (Phase I), Chuzhou, Anhui Province                           •

      6      Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot E-28a), Lucheng District,                  •
             Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province

      7      Affordable Housing and Infrastructure Projects, Jiaxing, Zhejiang Province               •

      8      Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot Number [2021]4-1), Hailing                 •
             District, Taizhou, Jiangsu Province

      9      Government's Targeted Repurchase Project, No.9 Feilonguhu, Luqiao Distrect,              •
             Taizhou, Zhejiang Province

      10     Shanty Town Redevelopment Project, Suzhou, Anhui Province                               •

      11     North First Line and Underground Integrated Corridor EPC General Contraction             •
             Project, Chengdu, Sichuan Province
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023   39
                                                                          Business Review (continued)




MAJOR COMPLETED PROJECTS IN 2023 (continued)
      By Project Categories                            By Customers                             By Markets


                   5.4%                                                                              5.9%

                                               29.6%
                                                                                                                   21.1%

                                                                                                                    0.4%
                                       36.7%

    51.3%
                                               8.7%
                                                                          61.7%       72.6%
                                 6.6%



     Building Construction                     Government/Public Sector               Hong Kong
     Civil Engineering Works                   Institutional Bodies                   Macau
     Infrastructure Investment                 Private Sector                         Chinese Mainland
     Others                                                                           CSC Development



NEW PROJECTS AWARDED IN THE YEAR OF 2023
Summary for the year

•       121 new projects awarded
•       Attributable contract value for new projects awarded was HK$188,018 million


      By Project Categories                            By Customers                             By Markets

                   6.1%                                         6.1%                                 6.1%
            5.5%                                   9.5%                                       5.1%


                                                                                                                   37.7%

21.3%




     3.7%                              63.4%                              84.4%       51.1%




     Building Construction                     Government/Public Sector               Hong Kong
     Civil Engineering Works                   Private Sector                         Chinese Mainland
     Construction Related Investment           CSC Development                        Macau
     Others                                                                           CSC Development
     CSC Development
40   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Business Review (continued)




     PROJECTS IN PROGRESS AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023
                                                                         31 December 2023
                                                                     Attributable           Value of
                                                                        contract     incompleted
                                                                           value            contract
                                                               No.   HK$’Million      HK$’Million
      Chinese Mainland                                         221       323,640             205,640
      Hong Kong                                                 78        152,196            107,390
      Macau                                                     39        66,252              20,782
      CSC Development                                            –        29,856              16,239

      Total                                                    338       571,944            350,051
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023            41
                                                         Business Review (continued)




Major Projects in Progress -
Hong Kong & Macau



                                                                                       Lo Wu
                                                                   Lok Ma Chau     5
                                                                                         9
                                                                                       Sheung Shui




                                                                             Tai Po Market



                                                  3

                                             Yuen Long      New Territories                                           Ma On
                                                                                                                      Shan
                                              6                                                                   2
                                                                                   Shatin

                                                                                                         2
                                  Tuen Mun
                                             Tsuen Wan        Kowloon
                                                                                             8
                                                                              Kowloon
                                             Tsing Yi         Mei Foo         Tong
                                                                                        10
                  H.K.                                                                           1
                                                                                                         Tseung        4
                  International
                                                                                                     5   Kwan O
       1      6   Airport

                                                                                   Hung Hom                                7
                                                         Central                                                      4
                  Tung Chung
                                                                                       Tai Koo
           Lantau Island
                                                                      Hong Kong Island
                                                                                             Chai Wan
                                                                         3
42   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Business Review (continued)




     MAJOR PROJECTS IN PROGRESS — HONG KONG
      No.     Project Name
              Building Construction
        1     New Acute Hospital at Kai Tak Development Area (Site A)
        2     Main Works for In-Patient Extension Block for Redevelopment of Prince of Wales Hospital Phase 2 (Stage 1)
        3     Main Works Package 2 – Superstructure and Associated Works for Redevelopment of Grantham Hospital (Phase 1)
        4     Design and Construction of Chinese Medicine Hospital and Government Chinese Medicines Testing Institute
        5     New Acute Hospital at Kai Tak Development Area (Site B)
        6     West Rail Kam Sheung Road Station Package 1 Property Development
        7     Residential Development, Lohas Park, Phase 13
        8     Main Contract for Redevelopment of Our Lady of Maryknoll Hospital
        9     Design and Construction of Kong Nga Po Police Training Facilities
       10     Light Public Housing at Olympic Avenue, Kai Tak




        Main Works for In-Patient Extension Block for Redevelopment of New Acute Hospital at Kai Tak Development Area (Site B)
        Prince of Wales Hospital Phase 2 (Stage 1)




        Residential Development, Lohas Park, Phase 13                  Light Public Housing at Olympic Avenue, Kai Tak
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023   43
                                                                     Business Review (continued)




MAJOR PROJECTS IN PROGRESS — HONG KONG (continued)
No.   Project Name
      Civil Engineering Works
 1    Hong Kong International Airport Three Runway System Project North Runway Modification Works
 2    Relocation of Sha Tin Sewage Treatment Works to Caverns – Main Caverns Construction
 3    Yuen Long Barrage and Nellah Improvement Schemes
 4    Design, Build and Operate First Stage of Tseung Kwun O Desalination Plant
 5    Organic Waste Treatment Facilities Phase 2
 6    Hong Kong International Airport: Airportcity Link – Land Viaducts at Hong Kong Port and Airport Island




 Relocation of Sha Tin Sewage Treatment Works to Caverns – Yuen Long Barrage and Nellah Improvement Schemes
 Main Caverns Construction




 Design, Build and Operate First Stage of Tseung Kwun O Organic Waste Treatment Facilities Phase 2
 Desalination Plant
44   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Business Review (continued)




     MAJOR PROJECTS IN PROGRESS — MACAU
      No.       Project Name
        1       GEG’s Cotai Phase 4 Project, Macau
        2       Main Construction Project of Offshore Island Medical Complex
        3       Studio City Macau Phase 2
        4       Macau Areia Preta Lot P – Construction for Lots A Home Swap Housing
        5       Design and Construction Project of the South segment of Macau Light Rapid Transit East Line
        6       Public housing design and construction project at Lot A4 in New Urban Zone Area A
        7       Macau Senior Apartment Housing
        8       Main Works for Barra Station, Macao LRT




                              7
                      4
                                      6
                                                                    Studio City Macau Phase 2




            8                                 5




                          1



                                  3       2
                                                                    Public housing design and construction project at Lot A4 in New
                                                                    Urban Zone Area A
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023   45
                                                                Business Review (continued)




Major Projects in Progress -
Chinese Mainland




                                                                                           11
                                                                    2-3

                                                                                           31-37
                                                                                  3
                                                               19-20
                                                                                                    21-23
                                                       24-25                      26-29                    1
                                                        5                                                         30
                                                  16                      17-18                 2

                                                                                                    1-10


                                                                                      39            12-15
                                                               40
                                                                           38



                                                                                  1
                                                                          4




      Construction Related Investment Project

      Construction Products Plant

      Major Project in Operation and Management
46   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Business Review (continued)




     MAJOR PROJECTS IN PROGRESS — CHINESE MAINLAND
      No.     Project Name
              Construction Related Investment
        1     Infrastructure and Industrial Park Public-Private-Partnership (PPP) Projects, Haining, Zhejiang Province
        2     Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot of the East side of Xiaolang Road and the North side of Fengru
              Road), Yangming Street, Yuyao, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province
        3     Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot 04-B-29), Innovaland, Lucheng District, Wenzhou, Zhejiang
              Province
        4     Government Target Repurchase Project (Plot 05-B-35a), Innovaland, Lucheng District, Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
        5     Government Target Repurchase Project (Plot B-15), Huangyu Unit, Core Area of Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
        6     Government Target Repurchase Project (Plot D-37), Jiangbin Unit, Core Area of Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
        7     Government Target Repurchase Project (Plot B-01a ), Putao Peng Unit, Core Area of Lucheng District, Wenzhou,
              Zhejiang Province
        8     Housing Construction Project (Plot B-01b), Putao Peng Unit, Lucheng District, Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
        9     Government Target Repurchase Project (Plot B-04), Wuqiao Unit, Core Area of Lucheng District, Wenzhou,
              Zhejiang Province
       10     Public Construction and Municipal Project of Zhili Zhenxing Street, Wuxing District, Huzhou, Zhejiang Province
       11     Government Targeted Repurchase Project, East Block of Baiwan Road, Xinzhuang Town, Jinnan District, Tianjin
              Province
       12     Shanty Town Redevelopment and Infrastructure PPP Project, Quanzhou, Fujian Province
       13     Commercial BT Shanty Town Redevelopment Project, Longdejing and Goutoupian District, Putian, Fujian Province
       14     Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot 2022P18), Longwen District, Zhangzhou, Fujian Province
       15     Vocational Education Site and Industrial Supporting Project, Sutang, Xinyu District, Putian, Fujian Province
       16     Chongqing Economic Development Zone Borui Ting Talent Apartment Construction EPC General Contracting
              Project
       17     Poverty Alleviation Industrial Park Construction PPP Project, Shiyan, Hubei Province
       18     The Construction of Underground Integrated Space, Central City of Optical Valley, Wuhan, Hubei Province
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023    47
                                                                      Business Review (continued)




Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot of the East side Government Target Repurchase Project (Plot D-37), Jiangbin
of Xiaolang Road and the North side of Fengru Road), Yangming Unit, Core Area of Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
Street, Yuyao, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province




Shanty Town Redevelopment and Infrastructure PPP Project, Poverty Alleviation Industrial Park Construction PPP Project,
Quanzhou, Fujian Province                                 Shiyan, Hubei Province
48   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Business Review (continued)




      No.     Project Name
              Construction Related Investment
       19     The Yellow River Cultural Tourism Facilities Project, Luoyang, Henan Province
       20     Government Targeted Repurchase Project of Relocation Housing, Grand Canal, Jianhe District, Luoyang, Henan
              Province
       21     Investment Project of Comprehensive Construction, Xianfengdao, YanCheng, Jiangsu Province
       22     Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot of the East side of Taixiang Road and the North side of Yanding
              Road), Hailing District, Taizhou, Jiangsu Province
       23     Government Targeted Repurchase Project in the South of Luming Road and West of Yanma Road in Yannan
              High-tech Zone, Yancheng, Jiangsu Province
       24     Commercial BT Project, Gaoxinqu Dianzigu (Zone F, G and H), Xi’an, Shaanxi Province
       25     Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot 3), Fengdong New Town, Xixian New District, Xi’an, Shaanxi
              Province
       26     Siyi Real Estate Hushan Family Project, Tianjia'an District, Huainan, Anhui Province
       27     Housing Construction Project in Hefei Economic Development Zone, Anhui Province
       28     Infrastructure and Housing Construction Project (2nd bid section) of Helu Industrial New Town in Lujiang County,
              Hefei, Anhui Province
       29     Housing construction and infrastructure project in Qingtongyuan, Huainan High-tech Zone, Anhui Province
       30     Xinyefang Industrial Park Investment Project, Hongkou, Shanghai
       31     Integrated Development Project of Cultural Tourism Town, Nisha, Qufu, Shandong Province (Phase I)
       32     Relocation Housing Project, Kuiwen District, Weifang, Shandong Province
       33     Yunchuang Golden Valley Project, Kuiwen District, Weifang, Shandong Province
       34     Qingbei High-tech Park Project, Laixi City, Qingdao, Shandong Province
       35     Housing Construction Project in Qian Shi Hou Shi Pian District of Lanshan District, Linyi, Shandong Province
       36     General Contracting for the Design and Construction of the First Phase of Qingdao Science and Technology
              Industrial Park in Chengyang, Shandong Province
       37     Medical Device Park and Supporting Infrastructure Project in Hedong District, Linyi, Shandong Province
       38     Government Targeted Repurchase Project in Longgui Ceramic City, Baiyun District, Guangzhou, Guangdong
              Province
       39     Shanty Town Relocation EPC Project, Ganzhou, Jiangxi Province
       40     Infrastructure and Housing Construction Project of Heishipu, Tianxin District, Changsha, Hunan Province
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023   49
                                                                      Business Review (continued)




Commercial BT Project, Gaoxinqu Dianzigu (Zone F, G and H), Government Targeted Repurchase Project (Plot 3), Fengdong
Xi’an, Shaanxi Province                                     New Town, Xixian New District, Xi’an, Shaanxi Province




Siyi Real Estate Hushan Family Project, Tianjia’an District, Housing Construction Project in Hefei Economic Development
Huainan, Anhui Province                                      Zone, Anhui Province
50   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Business Review (continued)




     MAJOR PROJECTS — CHINESE MAINLAND (continued)
      No.     Project Name                                     No.     Project Name
              Construction Products Plant                              Major Projects in Operation and Management
        1     Shenzhen Hailong Construction Products Plant         1   Nanjing No. 2 Yangtze River Bridge
        2     Anhui Hailong Construction Products Plant            2   Yangquan-Yuxian Section Project, Yangquan-
        3     Shandong Hailong Construction Products Plant             Wutaishan Expressway, Shanxi Province

        4     Zhuhai Hailong Construction Products Plant           3   Shuiyu-Niangziguan Section Project, Yangquan-
                                                               3       Niangziguan First-Class Highway, Shanxi Province
        5     Chongqing Hailong Construction Products Plant




        Zhuhai Hailong Construction Products Plant             Nanjing No. 2 Yangtze River Bridge
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023     51

                                         MAJOR AWARDS AND ACCOLADES 2023




General Award
Award                                                          Awarded company                                             Name of the granting organization
Selected as a constituent of the FTSE4Good Constituent         China State Construction International Holdings Limited     FTSE Russell
Index (for seven consecutive years)
“Honored Company”, and ranked 1st in “Best ESG”, “Best         China State Construction International Holdings Limited     Institutional Investor
Investor Relations Team”, “Best Investor Relations Program”,
and “Best Corporate Board of Directors” in Industrials Small
& Midcap Sector
Selected as a constituent of the “Hang Seng Corporate          China State Construction International Holdings Limited     Hang Seng Indexes Company Limited
Sustainability Benchmark Index”
Industry Mover                                                 China State Construction International Holdings Limited     S&P Global
Selected into the 2023 Fortune China ESG Impact List           China State Construction International Holdings Limited     Fortune
People’s Corporate Social Responsibility Summit Forum –        China State Construction International Holdings Limited     People’s Daily
Green Development Award
Green Building Award 2023 – Pioneer Award – Green              China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited    Hong Kong Green Building Council,
Building Leadership Category                                                                                               Professional Green Building Council
HKET Excellence Awards – Excellence in Major Contractor        China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited Hong Kong Economic Times
Outstanding Enterprise Award                                   China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited    South China Morning Post
Employer of the Year Award                                     China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited    Ctgoodjobs
Best Retail Project in Asia – Gold Award                       China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company              PropertyGuru Asia Property Awards
                                                               Limited–M8 Project
National High-Tech Enterprise in 2023                          China State Construction International Investment Limited– Anhui Provincial Department of Science
                                                               Anhui Company                                              and Technology
Civilised Organisation in Shandong Province                    China State Construction International Investment Limited– Committee for the Construction of
                                                               Shandong Company                                           a Spiritual Civilisation of Shandong
                                                                                                                          Province
Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Awards              China State Construction Development Holdings Limited       BDO Hong Kong
Annual ESG Awards
Hong Kong Green and Sustainable Finance Awards 2023 –          China State Hailong Construction Technology Company         Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency
Pioneering Organisation in ESG Disclosure Enhancement          Limited
National Women’s Civilization Post                             China State Construction International Asset management     All-China Women’s Federation
                                                               Limited – Shanxi Company – Yangquan East Toll Station



CSR Award
Award                                                          Awarded company                                             Name of the granting organization
2023 Hong Kong Volunteer Award (Hours of Volunteer) Gold       China State Construction International Holdings Limited     Home and Youth Affairs Bureau of Hong
Award                                                                                                                      Kong, Agency for Volunteer Service
Certificate of Appreciation for Participation in the 2023      China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company Limited      Macao Labour Affairs Bureau
Career Internship Programme
The 4th “Family-Friendly Employer, Breastfeeding Support       China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company Limited      The Women’s General Association of
Award, Pandemic Companion Award” and “Outstanding                                                                          Macau, Macao Foundation
Family-Friendly Employer” Awards
Social Service Award                                           China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company              China Overseas Holdings Limited
                                                               Limited-Section 2 of Macau New Neighborhood Project in      (“COHL”)
                                                               Hengqin (Lot 2 and Lot 6)
China Overseas Service Social Award                            China Construction Hailong -Beijing Birch Factory Hutong    COHL
                                                               No.8 Project
Construction Industry Lo Pan Rice Campaign 2023                China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong) Limited. Construction Industry Council,
                                                               – Design, Build and Operate First Stage of Tseung Kwun O Construction Industry Sports &
                                                               Desalination Plant                                        Volunteering Programme
52   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Major Awards And Accolades 2023 (continued)




     Technology Award
     Award                                                             Awarded company                                            Name of the granting organization
     2023 China Construction Engineering Luban Award (Overseas China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong)                   China Construction Industry Association
     Projects)                                                 Limited–Forbidden City Project
     National Quality Engineering Award                                China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong)           China Association of Construction
                                                                       Limited–Shatin to Central Link Project                     Enterprise Management
     CSCEC Technology Invention Gold Award                             China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong)           China State Construction Engineering
                                                                       Limited–Shatin to Central Link Project                     Corporation (“CSCEC”)
     First Prize of CSCEC Science and Technology Progress              China State Hailong Construction Technology Company        CSCEC
     Award                                                             Limited



     Environmental Protection Award
     Award                                                             Awarded company                                            Name of the granting organization
     Awarded the “CarbonCare® ESG Label” for the eighth                China State Construction International Holdings Limited    CarbonCare InnoLab
     consecutive year
     Awarded the “CarbonCare® Construction (Material) Label,           Hong Kong Organic Resource Recovery Centre, Phase II       CarbonCare InnoLab
     CarbonCare Construction (Process) Label
     CarbonCare® Star Label                                            China State Construction International Holdings Limited    CarbonCare InnoLab
     Considerate Contractors Site Award – 1 Gold Award and 1           China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong)           Development Bureau of Hong Kong,
     Silver Award                                                      Limited–Civil Engineering Company                          Construction Industry Council and others
     Considerate Contractors Site Award – 1 Silver Award               China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong)           Development Bureau of Hong Kong,
                                                                       Limited–Housing Company                                    Construction Industry Council and others
     Construction Industry Safety Award Scheme – 1 Gold Prize          China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong)           Hong Kong Labour Department and
     and Silver Prize for Building Sites and 1 Prize for Best Safety   Limited–Housing Company                                    others
     Performance for High-place Operation
     Construction Industry Safety Award Scheme – 1 Gold Prize          China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong)           Hong Kong Labour Department and
     for Building Sites and 1 Prize for Best Safety Performance for    Limited–Medical Company                                    others
     High-place Operation
     1 Learning and Exchange Project on Standardization                China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company Limited     China Construction Industry Association
     of Safety Production at Construction Sites of National
     Construction Projects in 2023
     3 Safe Production and Civilized Construction Demonstration        China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company Limited     Construction Industry Safety Association
     Sites of Housing and Municipal Engineering of Guangdong                                                                      of Guangdong Province
     Province
     2 Provincial Excellent Safe Construction Site/Civilized           China State Construction International Investment Limited– Provincial Housing and Construction
     Construction Site                                                 Zhejiang Company                                           Department
     1 Excellent Construction Site for Construction Safety             China State Construction International Investment Limited– Hunan Provincial Housing and Urban-
     Production Standardization in Hunan Province                      Hunan Company                                              Rural Development
     Two One-Star Standardized Construction Sites in Jiangsu           China State Construction International Investment Limited– Jiangsu Provincial Housing and Urban-
     Province                                                          Jiangsu Company                                            Rural Development
     1 Construction Safety Production Standardization                  China State Construction International Investment Limited– Jiangxi Provincial Housing and Urban-
     Demonstration site in Jiangxi Province                            Jiangxi Company                                            Rural Development
     4 Construction Safety Production Standardization                  China State Construction International Investment Limited– Anhui Construction Engineering Quality
     Demonstration sites in Anhui Province                             Anhui Company                                              and Safety Association
     4 Youth Safety Demonstration Posts in Shandong Province           China State Construction International Investment Limited– Shandong Provincial Committee of
                                                                       Shandong Company                                           Chinese Communist Youth League,
                                                                                                                                  Shandong Provincial Ministry of
                                                                                                                                  Emergency Management
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023           53
                                                    Major Awards And Accolades 2023 (continued)




Award                                                        Awarded company                                            Name of the granting organization
7 Construction Sites with Standardized Safety and Civilization China State Construction International Investment Limited– Shandong Provincial Housing and
Levels in Shandong Province                                    Shandong Company                                           Urban-Rural Development
Construction Site with Standardized Safety Production Levels China State Construction International Investment Limited– Henan Construction Industry Association
in Henan Province                                            Henan Company
10 Demonstration Sites for Safe Production and Civilized     China State Construction Development Holdings Limited–     Construction Industry Safety Association
Construction of Housing and Municipal Projects in            China Overseas Supervision                                 of Guangdong Province
Guangdong Province
2 National Construction Project Construction Site Safety     China Overseas Construction Limited                        China Construction Industry Association
Production Standardization Learning and Exchange Projects
in 2023
Guangdong Province Housing and Municipal Engineering         China Overseas Construction Limited                        Construction Industry Safety Association
Work Safety and Civilized Construction Demonstration Site,                                                              of Guangdong Province
and 2 Construction Safety Production Standard Sites of
Provincial Construction Projects
1 National Youth Safety Production Demonstration Post in     China State Construction International Investment Limited– Chinese Communist Youth League
2022                                                         Shanxi Company                                             Central, Ministry of Emergency
                                                                                                                        Management
1 National Youth Safety Production Demonstration Post of     China State Construction International Investment Limited– Communist Youth League of Shanxi
Shanxi Province                                              Shanxi Company                                             Province Committee, Department of
                                                                                                                        Emergency Management of Shanxi
                                                                                                                        Province
National Demonstration Base for Highway Transportation       China State Construction International Investment Limited– China Highway & Transportation Society
Green and Low-carbon Technology                              Guizhou Company
First Prize for Construction and Implementation of a Green   China State Construction International Investment Limited– China Association of Communication
and Sustainable Development Management System for            Guizhou Company                                            Enterprise Management
Highways
2023 Housing and Municipal Engineering Green Construction China State Construction International Investment Limited– Jiangxi Provincial Housing and Urban-
Demonstration Project in Jiangxi Province                 Jiangxi Company’s Renovation Project in Ganzhou            Rural Development
                                                          Rongjiang New District Rongjiang Garden City Shanty
                                                          Town
2023 Pilot Demonstration Project of Green Building and       China State Construction International Investment Limited– Shandong Provincial Housing and
Energy Saving in Shandong Province                           Shandong Company’s Binhai Health Post in Laishan           Urban-Rural Development
                                                             District, Yantai City
2023 Green Construction Demonstration Project in             China State Construction Development Holdings Limited–     Guangdong Construction Industry
Guangdong Construction Industry (First Batch)                China Overseas Supervision’s Street Project of China       Association
                                                             Resource Guangming Xinhu in Shenzhen
2023 “Four Sites” Pilot Projects (First Batch) in Anhui Province “The Fifth Platform ( 第五平台) Hongqiao Economic Circle   Anhui Provincial Housing and Urban-
                                                                 Guangde Development Zone Wanghu Infrastructure         Rural Development
                                                                 Support Project and School Project for Employees’
                                                                 Children “
54   China State Construction International Holdings Limited



     Corporate Citizenship




     Corporate
     Citizenship
                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023   55
                                       Corporate Citizenship (continued)




For a successful construction project,
other than cost control, safety, quality and progress,
environmental protection also plays an important role.


As a socially responsible contractor,
the Group must champion green management in construction
planning in order to create a pleasant environment for our society.


As a socially responsible enterprise,
we spare no effort in cultivating talents and giving back to the
society, bringing care and warmth to the community in order to
create a better tomorrow together.
56   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Corporate Citizenship (continued)




     BUILDING HAPPINESS AND                                           The Group insisted on exploring innovative mechanisms
                                                                      for talent team building, enriching the talent identification
     LEADING THE TREND
                                                                      methods, and implementing the “eight-minute topic”
     The Group, as a member of China Overseas Holdings                exhibition program of outstanding employees every month to
     Limited (“COHL”), upholds the core values of value of “putting   build a platform for employees to share and communicate.
     customers first, guaranteeing quality, and creating value”,      At the same time, the Group has formulated a set of talent
     consciously underwrites the sacred mission of “we are in         retention strategies to enhance the talent attraction through
     the business of happiness”, and vows to “become a world-         multiple measures.
     class comprehensive enterprise integrating “Technology,
     Investment, Construction and Asset Operation”.                   II. Youth Development

     The Group vigorously carries forward the entrepreneurial         The Group organized a “Guizhou Tour for Young Employees”
     spirit of “wholeheartedly strive every day”, and “bring          to witness the China’s great achievements in poverty
     together those who strive and motivate people of action”.        alleviation, participate in a football friendly match with the
     The entire team has always maintained an enterprising            “Guizhou Village Super League”, and visit the Hope Primary
     creativity and vigor for the implementation of strategies and    School backed by the Company, so as to enhance their
     the achievement of goals.                                        understanding of China.

     With its extraordinary craftsmanship and care, the Group has     Young employees were encouraged to participate in
     profound insight into the changing needs of our customers.       exchanges with various sectors, and put forward proposals
     Driven by our maxim of “Building Happiness and Leading           on measures to enhance human resources at the Policy
     the Trend”, the Group has continuously led the lifestyle         Address Public Consultation, to which the Chief Executive
     and industry trends and actively fulfilled our corporate         responded on the spot. The Group organized the Sharing
     responsibilities.                                                Seminar of the Two Sessions with the theme of “Resonating
                                                                      with the Pulse of the Times, Realizing Dreams for the Youth”.
     Staff Development and Personal Growth
                                                                      On the basis of daily employee cultural activities, the
     I. Talent Training                                               Group strengthened team building, created a favorable
                                                                      atmosphere, and continued to improve the unity and sense
     The Group has always maintained a high level of investment       of belonging of young employees. A total of more than 300
     in talent development, optimized talent deployment,              youth professional training, cultural promotion, team practice
     improved talent training systems and strengthened talent         and other activities were carried out throughout the year.
     identification capabilities, with a view to continuously
     enhancing the competitiveness and sustainable development
     of our talents.

     Adhering to the two-pronged approach of “social
     recruitment” and “campus recruitment”, the Group focused
     on actively introducing corporate governance talents,
     professional talents, R&D talents for technology, and
     outstanding young talents, as well as recruiting talents
     from around the globe, in order to build a diversified talent
     deployment system.

     Through a comprehensive range of training programs,
     the Group enhanced the employees’ professional skills
     and discovered their development potential. The Group
     has improved the implementation of targeted training for
     employees at different development stages and positions,
     and launched brand-based training activities such as the
     “high-quality development camps” for core talents, various
     professional seminars, and business exchange meetings.
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023       57
                                                            Corporate Citizenship (continued)




III. Employee Care                                              In addition, the Group paid special attention to caring for the
                                                                employees and improved the “Four Ones” care system for
Adhering to the philosophy of “we are in the business           the employees’ happiness. The Group established a “Happy
of happiness”, the Group strived to create a healthy            Committee”, which served more than 20,000 employees,
workplace ecosystem where employees can develop                 and promoted a “Happy Worker” App, which has been
both physically and mentally in tandem with their careers.      registered by more than 44,000 employees and has become
The Group regularly organized various employee care             the most widely used software in the industry. The Group
activities, including festival-themed workshops, traditional    set up “Happiness Stations” with Hong Kong characteristics
Chinese medicine therapies, and movie screenings. It also       at dozens of construction sites to distribute supplies. The
organized employee sports clubs and regular recreational        Group launched a series of happiness and caring activities,
and sports activities such as basketball, football, track and   including “Delivering Coolness in Summer”, “Delivering
field, hiking, badminton, etc. The 2023 Endeavour Cup           Warmth in Winter” and other daily activities. The Group also
Basketball League was successfully held, with more than         held the “Fun Day for Frontline Workers and their Families”
400 employees forming 20 teams and more than 4,000              on the National Day and Mid-Autumn Festival and the “Si
spectators. The Leaders Football Club (領潮綠蔭足球俱樂                 Fu Festival” for the third consecutive year, where more than
部) actively participated in various competitions to promote     20,000 construction workers in Hong Kong celebrated.
exchanges within the industry, and was awarded the
Champion of the 2023 Hong Kong Asian Youth Association
“Reunification Cup” Turf Football League and the Champion
of the “Construction Industry Council Cup”.
58   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Corporate Citizenship (continued)




     Environmental Policy                                            The Group’s S&EP Department is responsible for providing
                                                                     technical supports as well as monitoring the sites, ensuring
     The Group has set up and implemented its ISO14001:2015          all sites are complying with statutory requirements. For
     Environmental Management System and formulated                  instance, the management of noise issue, which is our top
     environmental objectives. The Group endeavors to review         priority concern, in addition to our Restricted Hours Permit-
     and continually improve the environmental management            to-Work System implementing on site, we require all project
     system to enhance its environmental performance. It is          management to provide restricted hours’ work schedules to
     mandatory that all employees shall fully conform to the         our S&EP department in advance to facilitate our planning
     environmental policy.                                           of surprise checks. The Group continued to introduce and
                                                                     apply innovative pollution control measures, for example,
     Environmental Risks And Control Measures                        the Real Time Air Quality Monitoring with Automatic Dust
                                                                     Suppression System to further enhance the performance
     The Group’s environmental related risks mainly come from        in pollution control. In addition to the control measures
     the operations of construction sites. If the site’s operation   mentioned, S&EP Department issues “Environmental Alert”
     deviates from statutory requirements, it may lead to            regularly to alert all construction sites be vigilant on potential
     prosecutions and in turn affect the Group’s reputation and      environmental issues and take proactive action to avoid
     chances of awarding new projects.                               deviating from statutory requirements. In order to further
                                                                     enhance the compliance obligation and risk management,
     In order to prevent project sites violating the environmental   the companies’ Environmental Management System has
     laws, the Group has to identify project related significant     been updated and certified to comply with ISO14001:2015
     environmental aspects of all projects through conducting        requirements in 2016. There was no non-compliance or
     compliance obligation and risk assessment at project            Area for Improvement (AFI) raised during the system external
     commencement then follow strictly the operating procedures      audit conducted in 2023.
     stipulated in the Group’s Standard Operating Procedures
     Manual to operate the project. In addition, in order to         In terms of overall energy conservation and carbon
     strengthen the safety and environmental management of           reduction in projects, the Group continues to pursue
     new projects, each new project have to prepare a project        excellence, and its subsidiaries CSHK and China Overseas
     specific Safety and Environmental Construction Plan             Building Construction Limited updated and granted the
     within the first month of construction and reviewed by the      ISO50001:2018 Energy Management Systems certification
     Safety and Environmental Protection Department (S&EP            in 2019. China State Foundation Engineering Limited was
     Department) to ensure that various safety and environmental     also granted the ISO50001:2018 certification in 2019. There
     risks of the project are effectively controlled.                was no non-compliance or Area for Improvement (AFI)
                                                                     raised during the system external audit conducted in 2023.
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023      59
                                                           Corporate Citizenship (continued)




In line with the rising concern of the community on building   Same as previous years, the Group is actively committed to
environmental performance and expectation of clients on        environmental promotional activities. In the annual “China
green building construction, CSHK joint the Hong Kong          State Environmental Protection Day”, the Group organized
Green Building Council as an Institutional Member since        a technical site visit to the “Tuen Mun Environmental Park
2015 and gradually upgrade its membership to Silver Patron     and WEEE Park Inspection Activities” in 2023 to enhance
Member in 2021 and 2023 respectively to further promote        participants’ understanding of “waste reduction”. Besides,
the development of green buildings in Hong Kong. In 2023,      all the Group’s construction sites participated the Expired
leveraging on its Silver Patron Membership the company         Helmets Recycling Activity in June. The activity raised the
nominated three projects with outstanding performance          awareness of workers on the expiry of safety helmets and
and utilized the council’s platform as green building CPD      reduced disposal of recyclable materials.
activities to showcase the company’s innovative green
building technologies and promote the company’s brand.         The Group also requires subcontractors to comply with
The Group encouraged and sponsored its staff to participate    the Environmental Policy, and holds regular meetings with
in BEAM Pro Training and gain the BEAM Pro status to           subcontractors during the project to jointly resolve the
provide endless professional inputs to project management.     environmental issues and improve the overall environmental
Currently, more than 90 staff members have acquired the        performance. In addition, in order to have a deeper
BEAM Pro qualification.                                        understanding of mosquito and rodent related legal
                                                               requirements and control methods, the group invited officials
With the concerted efforts of the Group, the results were      from the Food and Environmental Hygiene Department of
remarkable. The Hong Kong Organic Resource Recycling           HKSAR to hold mosquito and rodent control seminar for
Center Phase 2 (O•Park2) project won the Construction          colleagues to strengthen the effectiveness of mosquito and
Industry Council–2023 Sustainable Building Award –             rodent control works on project sites to improve the overall
Contractor (New Project) Gold Award for its outstanding        work environment.
performance in low-carbon “smart” construction. The
West Rail Kam Sheung Road Station Phase 1 Property             Safety and Health
Development Project and the Castle Peak Road Widening
Project won the Silver Award of Outstanding Environmental      The Group’s commitment to protecting the safety and
Management in the 29th Considerate Contractors Site            health of employees of the company and its subcontractors
Award Scheme. Besides, the Group’s subsidiaries including      prompts us to continually review and provide sufficient
CSHK, China Overseas Building Construction Limited,            resources to continually optimize the Group’s safety
China State Foundation Engineering Limited, China State        management system, improve the Group’s safety
Mechanical and Electrical Engineering Limited and Alchmex      management rules and guidance, promote safety culture
International Construction Limited won the Hong Kong           and continuously improve our safety management level.
Construction Environmental Awards – Environmental Merit        The Group’s safety management system is based on ISO
Award 2022 organized by the Hong Kong Construction             45001:2018, and we will continue to implement and improve
Association. Those awards fully recognize our efforts in       our safety management system.
promoting green construction in Hong Kong.
60   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Corporate Citizenship (continued)




     The Group is committed to promoting the implementation             “Strive and Rise (共創明 Teen)” Programme
     of safety management system to ensure compliance with
     safety and health legal requirements and contracts with            The Group continuously exerted the long-term practical
     client. Each operation unit has carried out a series of specific   experience of teenagers in target poverty alleviation and
     risk assessments which strengthen its site supervision of          actively participated in the HKSAR Government’s “Strive
     the specific task, and has provided sufficient training and        and Rise (共創明 Teen)” Programme, including providing
     promotion to relevant employees. These measures can                more than 40 volunteer mentors with a total of more
     control construction risks effectively, prevent accidents and      than 1,400 hours of service, and organizing two “Junior
     avoid serious accidents from happening. CSHK, which is             Engineer’ Workshops” to provide trainees with construction
     under the Group, vigorously promoted the Smart Safety              technology experience. Chan Kwok-ki, Chief Secretary
     system in new opened sites to realized construction on-            for Administration of the HKSAR Government, Chui Ho
     site management, enhance monitoring and alert so as to             Kwong, Director of Environmental Protection Department
     minimize the construction risk and occurrence of accidents         (then Acting Director), Pang Oi-ling, Assistant Director of
     through advancement technology such as Internet of Things          the Water Supplies Department, Lu Feng, Deputy Director
     and smart intelligence.                                            of the Economic Affairs Department of the Liaison Office
                                                                        of the Central People’s Government in HKSAR, Yu Xiao,
     With the joint efforts of all divisions of the Group, its          President of the Hong Kong Chinese Enterprises Association,
     construction projects have won multiple awards from the            and Chan Hoi-yan, and Gary Zhang Xinyu, members of the
     industry and landowners, including 1 Golden, 4 Silver and          Legislative Council of HKSAR, attended the workshop.
     3 Copper awards in the 29th Considerate Contractors Site
     Award Scheme (New Works), Construction Industry Council            The volunteer teachers conduct the “1v1” matching
     – “Life First” – Gold, Construction Industry Safety Award          with students of grassroots, provide students guidance
     Scheme 2022/2023 Building Site – Public Sector – Gold              in career plan and positive value, and assist in solving
     and Building Site – Private Sector – Gold, Winner in Smart         intergenerational poverty issues.
     Agriculture and food Category of UNIDO Global Call 2022
     organized by UNIDO, Aerodrome Safety (Construction)
     Compliment (1st Half of Year 2022/23) – Gold of Hong Kong
     Airport Authority, and Construction Industry Council CIC
     Sustainable Construction Award – Gold, showing that the
     Group’s safety and health policies and its implementation
     have been widely recognized in the industry.


     The Group and Community

     Under the leadership of the “Caring for the Society”
     Voluntary Services Federation of COHL, the Group officially
     established the CSC “Caring for the Society” Volunteer
     Branch (hereinafter referred to as “3311 Volunteer Branch”)
     in June 2019 for the implementation of our corporate
     mission of “We are in the business of happiness”. Over 2,200
     volunteers have joined since the Branch’s establishment. In
     2023, the 3311 Volunteer Branch continued to improve the
     “4+x” (namely Care for the elderly, Adult employment, Care
     for the youth, House maintenance and Innovative Space)
     for Employees volunteer service system. There were 4,700
     participating volunteers with more than 17,000 volunteering
     hours throughout the year.
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023      61
                                                             Corporate Citizenship (continued)




Emergency Support amid Typhoons and Rainstorms                   Organizational Protection

In the face of Saola, a super typhoon that required the          Organizational protection is of the same importance of
Hurricane Signal No. 10, and the once-in-a-century               the care and enthusiasm of volunteers in fulfilling social
rainstorm in Hong Kong, the Group immediately established        responsibilities. By optimizing the organizational structure
emergency rescue teams to work side by side with
                                                                 of volunteer clubs, implementing work regulations and
government departments and responded to the situation
                                                                 incentive mechanism, including participation by the senior
with full force, covering various districts such as Wong Tai
                                                                 management of the Group, the assessment and selection
Sin, Eastern District, Southern District, Wan Chai, Yuen
Long and so on. A total of more than 650 volunteers were         of outstanding volunteers, and leave compensation
dispatched, and more than 140 machinery and vehicles             for voluntary work, the Group continues to elevate its
were used during the two supports. The support missions          management effectiveness of public welfare activities, foster
received high praise from the people of Hong Kong and            positive volunteering atmosphere within the organization and
letters of appreciation from various sectors of the society,     attract more employees and their families, customers and
including the Development Bureau.                                social organizations to participate in charity work, thereby
                                                                 promoting the positive energy of loving the country and
                                                                 Hong Kong.


                                                                 Awards and Recognitions

                                                                 With its outstanding contributions and achievements
                                                                 in promoting volunteering work, the Group won great
                                                                 praise from the HKSAR Government and various sector
                                                                 of the Hong Kong community in the past few years, and
                                                                 has received numerous important awards in the field of
Co-ordination of Home Repair Volunteer Services
                                                                 volunteering work, including the 2023 Hong Kong Volunteer
In 2023, the Group continued to promote the “1,000               Award – Corporate Award (Volunteer Hours)–Golden Award
Households Home Repair” of the 14th Five-Year Plan and           (10,000 hours or above) granted by the Home and Youth
organized professional engineering employees to set up a         Affairs Bureau and the Volunteer Development Council.
“Home Repair” volunteer team, providing voluntary repair         80 employees were awarded the 2023 Outstanding
services to grassroots families in Hong Kong, such as those      Volunteer Leader, Outstanding Volunteer, and Outstanding
living in sub-divided flats and elderly singletons. Since the    Young Volunteer by the Hong Kong Chinese Enterprises
launch of the program, more than 620 home repairs have           Association.
been completed.

In addition, the front lines of each project are encouraged to
proactively understand the needs of the community and to
actively carry out a variety of community volunteer activities
such as nursing home visits, environmental cleaning, and
charity fundraising.
62   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Corporate Citizenship (continued)




     Investor Relations                                               Outstanding Performance Recognized by Global
                                                                      Investors
     Management Highly Values Investor Relations
                                                                      The Group actively participates in investment strategy
     The management of the Group believes that actively               conferences held by domestic institutions and investor
     promoting investor relations can improve corporate               conferences held by overseas institutions. While continuously
     governance and strengthen the Group’s capability to create       attracting Mainland Chinese investors, the Group maintains
     value. Therefore, investor relations is regarded as one of key   close communication with overseas investors and effectively
     tasks, and with the strong support from the management           keeps a stable structure of overseas shareholders.
     level and increasing advocacy efforts at the executive level,
     the year 2023 has achieved outstanding performance.              The Group’s efforts in corporate governance and
                                                                      stakeholder engagement over the years have been well
     Apart from results announcement conferences, the                 recognized by the market, it was awarded again as “Honored
     management of the Group also attended a number of                Company” at Industrials Small & Midcap sector in All-Asia
     roadshows and investors forums to directly respond to            Executive Team 2023 by the Institutional Investor magazine,
     investors’ questions and expectations. The institutional         it also ranked first in “Best Investor Relations Team”,
     investor survey was conducted to listen to investors’            “Best Investor Relations Program”, “Best ESG”, and “Best
     opinions and suggestions, which served as an important           Company Board “.
     consideration in formulating the development strategy of the
     Group.                                                           Distribution of Meetings with Shareholders and
                                                                      Investors by Region:
     Diversified Communication Approach

                                                                                                        Other
     The Group adheres to a transparent, efficient, proactive and
                                                                                              Britain European
     comprehensive attitude, and maintains regular and efficient                  Other Asia 3%          2%
                                                                                 Pacific Region
     communications with shareholders and investors. In 2023,
                                                                                       6%
     the Group participated in a number of investor conferences
                                                                            Singapore
     and forums, meeting more than 200 investors, to share                     8%
     its insights on the market and industry in a timely manner,
     as well as to introduce its development strategies and
     operations, thereby enhancing investors’ understanding and       United States
                                                                       of America                                              Hong Kong
     confidence in the Group.                                             14%                                                    41%


     In addition, the Group invited investors to visit Hailong
     Zhuhai Base, Far East Curtain Wall Production Base and
     O•PARK2 Project, enabling investors experience the
     technology development of the company such as MiC
                                                                             Chinese Mainland
     technology, BIPV, ultra-low carbon construction materials,                    26%
     smart construction technology, carbon neutrality cloud
     platform, C-SMART intelligent construction sites and
                                                                                      Hong Kong            Other Asia Pacific Region
     other green construction technology and the design and                           Chinese Mainland     Britain
     production of complex curtain walls.                                             United States of     Other European Region
                                                                                      America
                                                                                      Singapore
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023     63
                                                              Corporate Citizenship (continued)




Major Investor Relations Activities in 2023

January                                                        August
•       23rd UBS Greater China Conference                      •    2023 Interim Results Investors and Analysts Briefing


March                                                          September
•       2022 Annual Results Investors and Analysts Briefing    •    Citi Alpha Industrials and Logistics Conference 2023
•       Credit Suisse Asian Investment Conference              •    30th CITIC CLSA Investors’ Forum


April                                                          October
•       Investor Telephone Conference for 2023 Q1 Results      •    Investor Telephone Conference for 2023 Q3 Results
•       Zhongtai Securities Shanghai Spring Strategy
        Conference                                             November
                                                               •    Citi’s 2023 China Investor Conference
May                                                            •    CICC Annual Strategy Conference
•       J.P. Morgan’s 19th Global China Summit                 •    Guotai Junan International 2023 Investor Conference
•       HSBC 10th Annual China Conference
•       Site Tour of Hong Kong O•PARK2 Project


June
•       UBS Asia Industrials & Transport Conference 2023
•       Site Tour of Far East Curtain Wall Production Base



July
•       Site Tour of Hailong Zhuhai Base
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    64


                          China Construction Engineering (Macau)
                                    Company Limited
 Zhejiang Companies

                           China State Construction Engineering
                                  (Hong Kong ) Limited


Shandong Companies
                           China State Construction Development
                                      Holdings Limited



                           China State Construction International
  Anhui Companies
                                   Investments Limited



                                      General Office
 Jiangsu Companies


                              Human Resources Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    China State Construction International Holdings Limited




  Fujian Companies

                             Finance and Treasury Department



Guangdong Companies
                              Corporate Finance Department            Executive Directors
                                                                                                             Chief Executive
                                                                              and
                       Corporate Planning and Investment Department
                                                                                                                                            Chairman
  Hubei Companies
                                                                                                                 Officer
                                                                      Senior Management
                                     Legal Department

  Henan Companies
                                                                                                                                                                                  Board of Directors
                                                                                                                                                                                                       DIRECTORS AND ORGANISATION



                                  Marketing Department


  Hunan Companies
                              Overseas Business Department



 Jiangxi Companies            Safety Management Department




                           Technology Management Department
 Sichuan Companies                                                                          Sustainability                     Nomination              Remuneration     Audit

                            Information Technology Department                                                                  Committee                              Committee
                                                                                             Committee                                                  Committee
  Other subsidiaries

                                     Audit Department
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023      65
                                                 Directors and Organisation (continued)




Board of Directors                                               Mr. YAN Jianguo JP
                                                                 Non-executive Director
Mr. ZHANG Haipeng
Chairman and Executive Director                                  Aged 57, was appointed as Chairman and Non-executive
Sustainability Committee Member                                  Director of the Company on 22 March 2019 and resigned
                                                                 as the Chairman of the Company and continued to act as
Aged 48, was appointed as an Executive Director of the           Non-executive Director of the Company on 24 February
Company on 13 July 2017, was appointed as the Chief              2023. Mr. Yan graduated from Chongqing Institute of
Executive Officer of the Company on 21 August 2018               Architectural and Engineering (now known as Chongqing
and was appointed as Chairman of the Company and                 University) majoring in Industrial and Civil Construction in
ceased to be the Chief Executive Officer of the Company          1989 and obtained an MBA degree from Guanghua School
on 24 February 2023. Mr. Zhang graduated from Harbin             of Management in Peking University in 2000 and a PhD
Institute of Technology, and obtained a degree of Master         degree in Marketing from Wuhan University in 2017. Mr. Yan
of Business Administration from Hong Kong Baptist                joined CSCEC in 1989 and had been seconded to China
University and a degree of Executive Master of Business          Overseas Land & Investment Ltd. (“COLI”) twice. During the
Administration from Nankai University and was awarded the        years from 1990 to 1992, Mr. Yan had been working for the
title of Senior Engineer. Mr. Zhang joined 中國建築集團有限              Shenzhen company of China Overseas Development Group
公司 (China State Construction Engineering Corporation*)           Co., Ltd.* (the “Property Group”, a wholly-owned subsidiary
(“CSCEC”) in 2000 and was seconded to the Group in               of COLI) and had held a number of positions, including site
2002. He has been a director of certain subsidiaries of the      engineer and department head. He was assigned to COLI
Group since 2008. Currently, Mr. Zhang is the Chairman           again from 2001 to 2011 and had been Assistant General
and Non-executive Director of China State Construction           Manager of Guangzhou company, Deputy General Manager
Development Holdings Limited (“CSC Development”, a               of Shanghai company, General Manager of Suzhou
subsidiary of the Company listed on the Stock Exchange)          company, General Manager of Shanghai company, Vice
and a Director of China Overseas Holdings Limited (“COHL”),      Managing Director of the Property Group and President of
the controlling shareholder of the Company. Mr. Zhang has        Northern China regional companies. Mr. Yan had worked
over 24 years’ experience in investment and construction         in CSCEC from 2011 to June 2014 and had been Director
engineering management.                                          of the General Office, General Manager of Information
                                                                 Management Department, Chief Information Officer and
*      The English name is a translation from its Chinese name   Assistant General Manager.
       and is for identification purposes only.

                                                                 Mr. Yan joined Longfor Properties Co. Ltd. (listed in Hong
                                                                 Kong) in June 2014 and resigned on 5 December 2016.
                                                                 During the period, Mr. Yan had held a number of positions
                                                                 including Executive Director and Senior Vice President.
                                                                 Mr. Yan was appointed as Executive Director and Chief
                                                                 Executive Of ficer of COLI from 1 Januar y 2017, has
                                                                 become Chairman of COLI and continued to serve as Chief
                                                                 Executive Officer of COLI from 13 June 2017, and ceased
                                                                 to act concurrently as Chief Executive Officer of COLI on
                                                                 11 February 2020. Mr. Yan was the Chairman and Non-
                                                                 executive Director of China Overseas Property Holdings
                                                                 Limited (listed in Hong Kong) and the Chairman of China
                                                                 Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited (“COGO”) (listed in
                                                                 Hong Kong) from 13 June 2017 to 11 February 2020, and
                                                                 Non-executive Director of COGO until 22 April 2021.
66   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Directors and Organisation (continued)




     Besides acting as the Chairman and Executive Director             Mr. HUNG Cheung Shew JP
     of COLI and a director of certain subsidiaries of COLI, Mr.       Executive Director, Vice President
     Yan is currently Chairman and President of COHL and also
     a director of certain subsidiaries of COHL and a member           Aged 65, was appointed as an Executive Director of the
     of the 14th National Committee of the Chinese People’s            Company on 8 June 2011. Mr. Hung graduated from
     Political Consultative Conference. COHL is the substantial        Plymouth Poly technic (UK ). He is a member of The
     shareholder of the Company within the meaning of the              Hong Kong Institution of Engineers and The Institution of
     Securities and Future Ordinance. Mr. Yan has about 34             Structural Engineers (UK). Mr. Hung joined the Group in
     years’ experience in construction business, real estate           1996. He has been a director of certain subsidiaries of the
     investment and management.                                        Group since 2000. Currently, Mr. Hung is a vice president
                                                                       of The Hong Kong Construction Association, Limited and a
     *       The English name is a translation from its Chinese name   director of The Hong Kong Construction Association Charity
             and is for identification purposes only.                  Fund Limited. Mr. Hung has over 42 years’ experience in
                                                                       construction management and planning.
     Mr. WANG Xiaoguang
     Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer
                                                                       Dr. Raymond LEUNG Hai Ming
     Chairman of the Sustainability Committee                          Independent Non-executive Director
                                                                       Chairman of the Remuneration Committee
     Aged 41, was appointed as an Executive Director and Chief         Audit Committee Member
     Executive Officer of the Company on 24 February 2023.             Nomination Committee Member
     Mr. Wang graduated from Tongji University, and obtained a         Sustainability Committee Member
     degree of Master of Construction and Real Estate from The
     Hong Kong Polytechnic University and was awarded the              Aged 69, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive
     title of Senior Engineer. Mr. Wang joined the Group in 2005.      Director of the Company on 1 June 2005. Dr. Leung holds
     He has been a Vice President since 2020 and a director of         doctorate degree in Information Engineering from The
     certain subsidiaries of the Group since 2015. Mr. Wang has        Chinese University of Hong Kong, a Bachelor of Applied
     over 19 years’ experience in investment and construction          Science degree in Civil Engineering and a Master degree
     engineering management.                                           in Applied Science in Construction Management from
                                                                       University of Toronto, and a LLM in Chinese Law from
                                                                       Renmin University of China. Dr. Leung is a Fellow of The
                                                                       Hong Kong Institution of Engineers, Hong Kong Institute of
                                                                       Arbitrators, Hong Kong Institute of Construction Managers,
                                                                       American Society of Civil Engineers and Institution of
                                                                       Civil Engineers (UK) and a Senior Member of Institute of
                                                                       Electrical and Electronics Engineers. He has more than 47
                                                                       years of experience in engineering, investment, construction
                                                                       and project management. He is a director of various private
                                                                       companies in Hong Kong. Dr. Leung is also the Chairman
                                                                       and Chief Executive Officer of C & L Holdings Ltd. engaging
                                                                       in investment and dispute resolution.
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023       67
                                                Directors and Organisation (continued)




Ms. WONG Wai Ching GBS, JP                                     Mr. CHAN Tze Ching Ignatius BBS, JP
Independent Non-executive Director                             Independent Non-executive Director
Chairlady of the Audit Committee                               Chairman of the Nomination Committee
Remuneration Committee Member                                  Audit Committee Member
Nomination Committee Member                                    Remuneration Committee Member
Sustainability Committee Member                                Sustainability Committee Member


Aged 63, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive         Aged 67, was appointed as an Independent Non-executive
Director of the Company on 25 March 2022. Ms. Wong             Director of the Company on 8 June 2023. Mr. Chan
graduated from The University of Manchester, United            obtained a Bachelor of Business Administration degree
Kingdom, with a Bachelor’s degree (Honours) of Science in      from University of Hawaii, United States and obtained a
the Faculty of Technology in 1985 and a Master’s degree of     Master of Business Administration degree from the same
Science in the Faculty of Technology in 1986. She served       university. He is a Certified Public Accountant with the
Bank of China from 1987 to 1992 as a deputy manager of         American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
the Hong Kong branch and a dealer of the Australia branch
respectively. Ms. Wong has joined her family business in       From 1980 to 2007, Mr. Chan held various positions in
1993, its scope covering investment, retailing, hotels and     Citigroup, including Management Associate, Country
mixed complex projects. Ms. Wong is currently acting as        Treasurer and Head of Sales and Trading, Head of
the managing director of Wong Sun Hing Limited.                Corporate Banking Business for Hong Kong, Country
                                                               Officer for Taiwan, Chief Operating Officer for Greater China,
Ms. Wong has, over the years, devoting untiringly efforts in   Country Officer for Hong Kong and Head of Corporate and
public and community services. She is currently serving as     Investment Banking Business for Greater China. Mr. Chan
a standing committee member of The National Committee          worked briefly as Deputy Chief Executive for Bank of China
of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference,     (Hong Kong) Limited in 2008. He also held various board
member of Standing Committee of All-China Women’s              seats in listed companies, government statutory bodies and
Federation, member of Committee of Hong Kong Business          non-governmental organizations.
Ethics Development Advisory Committee, member of
Committee on Community Support for Rehabilitated               Mr. Chan is currently a senior adviser of The Bank of East
Offenders, member of Hong Kong Trade Development               Asia Limited, a non-independent non-executive director of
Council Belt and Road & Greater Bay Area Committee,            Affin Bank Berhad (listed in Malaysia), an independent non-
member of The Council and The Court of Hong Kong               executive director of Mongolian Mining Corporation (listed in
Baptist University, president of Kowloon Federation of         Hong Kong), a board member of The Community Chest of
Associations, vice chairperson of The Chinese General          Hong Kong, the chairman of Hospital Governing Committee
Chamber of Commerce, vice chairperson of Friend of Hong        of Hong Kong Red Cross Blood Transfusion Service, board
Kong Association, chairperson of Presidium of Friend of        adviser of Hong Kong New Territories General Chamber of
Hong Kong Association Development Foundation, deputy           Commerce and honorary advisory vice president of Hong
secretar y general of Hong Kong Coalition, honorar y           Kong Institute of Bankers. In the most recent years, Mr.
chairperson of Hong Kong Poverty Alleviation Association       Chan served as the Chairman of Hong Kong Polytechnic
Ltd, deputy chairman of Hong Kong Volunteers Federation,       University Council, a senior adviser of CVC Capital Partners
advisor of Our Hong Kong Foundation, permanent                 Limited, a member of The Financial Reporting Council, a
chairman of Federation of Hong Kong Guangxi Community          member of the Standing Committee on Judicial Salaries
Organizations, and permanent chairman of All-China             and Conditions of Ser vice and an independent non-
Women’s Federation Hong Kong Delegates Association             executive director of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
Limited, among others.                                         Limited (listed in Hong Kong).
68   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Directors and Organisation (continued)




     Senior Management                                              Mr. ZHAO Xiaoqi
                                                                    Vice President, General Legal Counsel
     Mr. YANG Weidong
     Senior Vice President                                          Aged 49, graduated from Tsing Hua University, and
                                                                    obtained a degree of Master of Business Administration
     Aged 54, graduated from Anhui Jianzhu University, and          from Renmin University of China and was awarded the
     obtained a degree of Master of Business Administration         title of Senior Economist. Mr. Zhao joined CSCEC in 1997
     from University of South Australia and was awarded the         and was seconded to the Group in 2001. He has been a
     title of Senior Engineer. Mr. Yang joined the Group in 1999.   director of certain subsidiaries of the Group since 2010. Mr.
     He has been a director of certain subsidiaries of the Group    Zhao has over 27 years’ experience in human resources
     since 2007. Mr. Yang has over 34 years’ experience in          management and legal affairs.
     construction engineering and management.
                                                                    Mr. ZHAO Shaoran
     Mr. ZHANG Jie                                                  Financial Controller
     Senior Vice President
                                                                    Ag e d 4 3, g rad u ate d f ro m Z h o n g n a n U n i ve r s i t y of
     Aged 40, graduated from Tianjin University, and obtained       Economics and Law in Accounting, and obtained a degree
     a degree of Master of Business Administration from the         of Master of Management. Mr. Zhao joined the Group in
     University of Macau and was awarded the title of Senior        2006. He served successively as the head of Finance and
     Engineer. Mr. Zhang joined the Group in 2007. He has           Treasury Department and the head of Corporate Finance
     been a director of cer tain subsidiaries of the Group          Department of COHL during the period from 2018 to 2023.
     since 2018. Mr. Zhang has over 17 years’ experience in         He has been the Financial Controller and a director of
     construction engineering, investment and human resources       certain subsidiaries of the Group since 2023. Mr. Zhao has
     management.                                                    over 18 years’ experience in corporate finance, accounting
                                                                    and investment management.
     Mr. LUO Haichuan
     Vice President                                                 Mr. ZHOU Wenbin
                                                                    Vice President
     Aged 44, graduated from Harbin Institute of Technology,
     and obtained a degree of Master of Business Administration     Ag e d 57, g r a d u ate d f ro m Z h o n g n a n U n i ve r s i t y of
     from Hong Kong Baptist University and was awarded the          Economics and Law and completed doctoral education
     title of Senior Engineer. Mr. Luo joined the Group in 2003.    and obtained a PhD Degree from Huazhong University of
     He has been a director of certain subsidiaries of the Group    Science and Technology and was awarded the titles of
     since 2011. Mr. Luo acted as an executive director of CSC      Senior Accountant and Senior Economist. Mr. Zhou joined
     Development from September 2015 to August 2018. He             COHL Group in 1999 and was seconded to the Group in
     has over 21 years’ experience in investment and financing;     2005. He has been a director of certain subsidiaries of the
     and human resources management.                                Group since 2005. Mr. Zhou has over 35 years’ experience
                                                                    in corporate finance, accounting, investment management
                                                                    and asset management.
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      69
                                               Directors and Organisation (continued)




Mr. LIU Guobing                                               Mr. CHAN Han Pan BBS, JP
Vice President                                                Assistant President


Aged 46, graduated from Southeast University and was          Aged 48, graduated from the School of Engineering of
awarded the title of Senior Engineer. Mr. Liu joined CSCEC    The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology,
in 2000 and was seconded to COHL Group in 2005. He            and obtained a degree of Master of Science in Materials of
has been a director of certain subsidiaries of COLI for       Science and Engineering from The Hong Kong University of
the period from December 2008 to February 2014 and            Science and Technology and a doctorate degree in Laws
a director of certain subsidiaries of COGO for the period     from Tsinghua University. Mr. Chan joined the Group in
from February 2014 to July 2018, and was seconded to          2020. He has been a director of a subsidiary of the Group
the Group in 2023. Mr. Liu has over 23 years’ experience in   since 2020. Mr. Chan has, over the years, devoted untiring
investment, planning and real estate development.             efforts in public and community services and holds multiple
                                                              public offices. He is currently serving as a member of
Mr. HUANG Jiang                                               Legislative Council of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Vice President                                                Region, and a member of Hong Kong region of Anhui
                                                              Province of the 10th, 11th and 13th Chinese People’s
Aged 49, graduated from Chongqing Jianzhu University          Political Consultative Conference. Mr. Chan has over 20
(now known as Chongqing University), and obtained a           years’ experience in innovation and technology, engineering
degree of Master in Project Management from The Hong          consulting and community affairs.
Kong Polytechnic University and a degree of Executive
Master of Business Administration from Nankai University      Mr. ZHANG Ming
and was awarded the title of Senior Engineer. Mr. Huang       Assistant President
joined CSCEC in 1997 and was seconded to the Group in
2000. He has been a director of certain subsidiaries of the   Aged 41, graduated from Harbin Institute of Technology,
Group since 2007. Currently, Mr. Huang is a non-executive     and obtained a degree of Master of Construction and
director of CSC Development. He has over 27 years’            Real Estate from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University
experience in contract and project management.                and was awarded the title of Senior Engineer. Mr. Zhang
                                                              joined CSCEC in 2006 and was seconded to the Group in
Mr. TIAN Shuchen                                              2010. He has been a director of certain subsidiaries of the
Investment Director                                           Group since 2016. Mr. Zhang has over 18 years’ experience
                                                              in construction engineering, administration and human
Aged 58, graduated from Dalian University of Technology.      resources management.
He is a member of the Chartered Institute of Building (UK).
Mr. Tian joined CSCEC in 1988 and was seconded to
the Group in 1991, and served as an Executive Director
of the Company for the period from 12 August 2010 to
22 December 2021. He has been a director of certain
subsidiaries of the Group since 2003. Mr. Tian has over 36
years’ experience in investment, construction engineering
and project management.
70   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Directors and Organisation (continued)




     Mr. ZHOU Zhike
     Investor Relations Director


     Aged 40, graduated from Huazhong University of Science
     and Technology and University of Nottingham in UK, and
     obtained a degree of Master of Management. Mr. Zhou is a
     CFA (Chartered Financial Analyst) charterholder. Mr. Zhou
     joined COHL Group in 2007 and was seconded to the
     Group in 2014. He has been a director of a subsidiary of the
     Group since 2019. Mr. Zhou has over 16 years’ experience
     in capital market, corporate finance and corporate strategy.
     He had been awarded as “Best Investor Relations Officer”
     in All-Asia Executive Team Poll (Industrial Sector) by
     Institutional Investors for 9 consecutive years.


     Mr. MI Xiang
     Assistant President


     Aged 48, graduated from Northwest Institute of Architecture
     Engineering (now known as Chang’an University), and
     obtained a degree of Master of Project Management in Xi’an
     Jiaotong University and was awarded the title of Senior
     Engineer. Mr. Mi joined the Group in 2003. He has been a
     director of certain subsidiaries of the Group since 2009. Mr.
     Mi has over 26 years’ experience in project management.


     Mr. ZHANG Zongjun
     Assistant President


     Aged 48, graduated from Chang’an University, and was
     awarded the title of Senior Engineer. Mr. Zhang joined
     CSCEC in 2001 and was seconded to the Group in 2005.
     He has been a director of certain subsidiaries of the Group
     since 2014. Mr. Zhang has over 22 years’ experience
     in prefabricated building, intelligent building, modular
     integrated construction and engineering management.
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023      71

                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Corporate Governance Practices

The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) recognises that good corporate governance is essential to the
success of the Company and enhances the shareholders’ value. The Board is committed to maintain a high standard of
business ethics, a healthy corporate culture and a good corporate governance practice.


Throughout the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company has applied and complied with all the code provisions of
the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (the “Listing Rules”).


Corporate strategy, business model and culture

The Group adheres to the core values of “Customer-oriented, Quality Assurance, Value Creation” and inherits the business
concept of “Exercising Caution in Details and Implementation; Building a Strong Foundation to Seek Greater Success”,
strictly abides by the industry standard, upholds the heart of dedication, consciously shoulders the corporate mission of “We
Manage Happiness”, and strives for growth and continuous innovation. With the continuous enhancement of individuals’
values and the perfect release of team creative energy, the Group aims to developing into an international enterprise and
becoming a new role model of “harmonious and win-win” with shareholders, employees and society in the new era. The
Group will continuously move towards the goal of becoming a world-class comprehensive enterprise group integrating
“Technology, Investment, Construction and Asset Operation”.


Adhering to the corporate spirit of “Integrity, Innovation, Transcendence, Win-win Solution” after more than 40 years of
development, the Group has developed businesses in four major segments of “Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Macau and
Overseas”, implemented technology-empowered strategy and built a four-in-one business model integrating “Technology
+ Investment + Construction + Asset Operation” which fully utilized the advantages of the whole industrial chain and
comprehensively promoted high-quality corporate development.


Board of Directors

The Board governs the Group and is responsible for overall management of the Group’s business. It focuses on the overall
strategies, policies and business plans of the Group, and monitors the financial performance, internal controls and risk
management (including sustainability risk management) of the Group. Executive directors and senior management are
responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Group while non-executive directors are responsible for scrutinizing the
Group’s performance in achieving agreed corporate goals and objectives, and monitoring the reporting of performance.
72   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Corporate Governance Report (continued)




     The composition of the Board and the attendance of each director in the Board Meetings and annual general meeting
     (“AGM”) during the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out below:


                                                                                                 Attended/Eligible to Attend
     Name                                                                                   Board Meetings                      AGM


     Chairman and Executive Director
     Zhang Haipeng (Note 1)                                                                                 6/6                   1/1


     Non-executive Directors
     Yan Jianguo (Note 2)                                                                                   6/6                   1/1
     Chen Xiaofeng (resigned on 20 December 2023)                                                           6/6                   1/1


     Executive Directors
     Wang Xiaoguang (Chief Executive Officer) (appointed on 24 February 2023)                               5/5                   1/1
     Zhou Hancheng (resigned on 21 April 2023)                                                              3/3                   1/1
     Hung Cheung Shew                                                                                       6/6                   1/1


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Adrian David Li Man Kiu (retired on 8 June 2023)                                                       4/4                   1/1
     Raymond Leung Hai Ming                                                                                 6/6                   1/1
     Lee Shing See (retired on 8 June 2023)                                                                 4/4                   1/1
     Wong Wai Ching                                                                                         5/6                   1/1
     Chan Tze Ching Ignatius (appointed on 8 June 2023)                                                     2/2                   N/A

     Notes:


     1.       Mr. Zhang Haipeng was appointed as Chairman of the Company and ceased to be the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
              on 24 February 2023.


     2.       Mr. Yan Jianguo resigned as the Chairman of the Company and continued to act as Non-executive Director of the Company on
              24 February 2023.


     Biographical information of the directors is set out in the “Directors and Organisation” section of the 2023 Annual Report
     of the Company. An updated list of directors containing biographical information and identifying the independent non-
     executive directors is maintained on the website of the Company. The Company has also maintained an updated list of
     directors and their role and function on the websites of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (“HKEx”) and the
     Company.
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023       73
                                              Corporate Governance Report (continued)




During the year, six Board meetings were held. Board meetings were held to approve the annual, interim and quarterly
results of the Company; to consider the payment of final dividends, to approve the payment of interim dividends and
the forfeiture of unclaimed dividends; to discuss the operational status and approve annual budget of the Company; to
consider and approve the significant and connected transactions of the Company, the changes of chairman of the Board,
chief executive officer and directors of the Company, the changes of chairmen and members of Board committees, the re-
appointment of an independent non-executive director of the Company, the proposed remuneration of independent non-
executive directors, proposed amendments to the Articles of Association of the Company, revised terms of reference of
remuneration committee, framework of sustainability report, sustainability report and other reports, the policies/code of
the Company related to sustainability (including Water Resources Management Policy, Sustainable Procurement Policy,
Human Rights Policy, Climate Change Policy, Health and Safety Policy and Code of Conduct of Supplier) and certain rules
of meetings. Throughout the year, directors also participated in the consideration and approval of non-routine issues of the
Company by way of circulated resolutions with supporting explanatory write-up. Senior management at all times answered
the non-routine issues enquiries made by the Board.


All directors are given draft notice and agenda for all Board meetings and Board committees meetings for comments,
consideration and inclusion of any matters for deliberation at the meetings.


The Board convenes Board meetings regularly. The date for holding each meeting will be determined in advance with a
notice of not less than 14 days so that directors entitled to attend the meeting can spare time to attend in person and have
sufficient time to include items that are in the agenda for discussion. To ensure that all directors have sufficient information
for discussion, the meeting documents will be submitted to all directors three days before the meeting is convened.


All directors keep contact with the company secretary and can obtain the services provided by the company secretary so
as to ensure compliance with the procedure of the Board meetings and all applicable laws, rules and regulations. In case of
any changes in the governance and compliance laws, rules and regulations, the company secretary will release the latest
information to the Board.


The company secretary is responsible for compiling and drafting the minutes of the Board and the Board committee
meetings, and will send the first draft of the minutes within reasonable time after each meeting to the participated directors
for comments. The minutes of the meetings are prepared with details of the decisions reached, any concerns raised
and dissenting views expressed. All directors are entitled to inspect the minutes of the Board and the Board committee
meetings. Directors can seek independent professional advice for performing their duties at the expense of the Company.
If the subject under discussion at a Board meeting involves conflict of interests of substantial shareholders or directors and
the Board considers that the conflict of interests is material, the matter would be dealt with by a physical meeting rather
than a written resolution. The Board will ensure that there are sufficient independent directors participating in discussing
about and voting on the relevant resolution. Those interested directors shall abstain from voting on the relevant resolution.


The Company has arranged directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in respect of any legal action against directors.


Directors at all times have full access to information of the Company. The Board is provided monthly operating information
which contain the up-to-date performance and information of the Company. Directors can access information from senior
management independently.
74   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Corporate Governance Report (continued)




     Other than non-executive directors, all executive directors are appointed on a full-time basis and have sufficient time
     to deal with the affairs of the Company. All directors are required to discharge their responsibilities as directors of the
     Company and their common law duties as directors. Not less than one-third of the Board is independent non-executive
     directors. The Board/its Nomination Committee will review the Board composition regularly to ensure that it has a balance
     of expertise, skills and experience appropriate for the requirements of the business of the Company. The Company will give
     an appropriate introduction about the Group’s businesses and operations and policies to each newly appointed director.


     Directors have disclosed their number and nature of offices held in public companies or organisations and other significant
     commitment in their biographical information. They are also reminded to notify the Company in a timely manner and
     biannually confirm to the Company any change of such information. The Company reported the changes in its annual
     report and interim report.


     As part of the continuous professional development programme, the directors of the Company namely Mr. Zhang Haipeng,
     Mr. Yan Jianguo, Mr. Wang Xiaoguang, Mr. Hung Cheung Shew, Dr. Raymond Leung Hai Ming, Ms. Wong Wai Ching and
     Mr. Chan Tze Ching Ignatius read legal and regulatory updates and/or attended seminars arranged by the Company during
     the year. In addition, individual directors also participated in other seminars and/or read relevant materials relating to the
     roles, functions and duties of a listed company director, environmental, social and governance, and further enhancement
     of their professional developments. Directors had provided the company secretary with their training records for the year
     under review.


     There is no family or other material relationships among members of the Board.


     The Company is aware that effective communication can increase productivity and improve teamwork. The Company
     regularly convened meetings for the executive directors, senior management, middle management, worksites management
     and management of overseas subsidiaries (by video-conference). During the meetings, the relevant parties reported
     the Company’s overall work progress, delivered the Company’s strategy, reviewed the strength and weakness of the
     Company’s work-in-progress and provided sufficient time for the participants to raise questions and express their opinions,
     ensuring adequate communication between different levels of management.


     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

     Chairman and chief executive officer are two key aspects of the management of the Company. Chairman performs the
     management of the Board and chief executive officer performs the day-to-day management of the business. Clear division
     of these responsibilities is in place to ensure balance of power and authority so as to avoid concentration of power on the
     same individual.


     The chairman is responsible for leading the Board and ensures all directors are provided with appropriate and sufficient
     information before Board meetings so that the Board can operate effectively and perform its duties. The chairman
     promotes culture of openness and encourages directors to voice their views. The chairman also meets independent
     non-executive directors without the executive directors present and ensures good corporate governance practices and
     procedures of the Company.
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023     75
                                              Corporate Governance Report (continued)




The chief executive officer is responsible for the operations of the Group. The chief executive officer together with other
executive directors jointly implement the policies adopted by the Board and are responsible to the Board for the overall
operation and administration of the Group. The chief executive officer also works with senior management in deciding the
Group’s risk level and risk appetite; developing risk management strategies and implementing appropriate action plans for
managing and monitoring risks.


On 24 February 2023, Mr. Yan Jianguo resigned as the Chairman and continued to act as Non-executive Director of
the Company, Mr. Zhang Haipeng was appointed as the Chairman and ceased to be the Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, and Mr. Wang Xiaoguang was appointed as Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company.


Non-executive Directors

All non-executive directors of the Company were not appointed for a specific term. Pursuant to the Articles of Association
of the Company, all directors (including non-executive directors) appointed by the Board shall hold office only until the first
annual general meeting of the Company after his/her appointment and shall be eligible for re-election at that meeting. All
directors shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years and the retiring director shall be eligible
for re-election.


During the year, the Company has complied with Rules 3.10 and 3.10(A) of the Listing Rules. Non-executive directors
possess appropriate professional qualifications and experience or appropriate accounting or relevant financial management
expertise. All independent non-executive directors comply with the independence guideline under Rule 3.13 of the Listing
Rules and have submitted annual confirmations of their independence to the Board pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing
Rules.


Dr. Raymond Leung Hai Ming served the Board for more than nine years. The Board considered that he is able to provide
his independent judgments in respect of matters such as the Group’s strategy, policy and performance in Board and
Board committee meetings, making significant contribution to the affairs of the Group and long service will not affect
his exercise of independent judgement. He has the required integrity to exercise independent judgement and provide
objective challenges to the management. There is also no evidence that length of tenure is having an adverse impact on his
independence. The Board therefore considers that Dr. Raymond Leung Hai Ming remains independent, notwithstanding
the length of his tenure.


The Board as well as the Nomination Committee have reviewed the independence of all independent non-executive
directors and have concluded that all of them are independent within the definition of the Listing Rules.


The Company has established board independence evaluation mechanism on 25 October 2022 which is designed to
ensure a strong independent element on the Board and allows the Board to effectively exercise independent judgment to
better safeguard shareholders’ interests.
76   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Corporate Governance Report (continued)




     Remuneration Committee

     The Company has established a Remuneration Committee on 9 June 2005. The major responsibilities of the Remuneration
     Committee include approving the overall remuneration policy of the Group, reviewing and approving the remuneration
     of individual executive directors and senior management of the Company, and ensuring that no director participates in
     the discussion on his/her own remuneration. The Board has adopted written terms of reference for the Remuneration
     Committee, which defined the role, authority and function of the Remuneration Committee. The terms of reference are
     posted on the websites of HKEx and the Company.


     During the year, four Remuneration Committee meetings were held and the individual attendance of each director is set out
     below:


                                                                                                                  Attended/
     Name                                                                                                  Eligible to Attend


     Raymond Leung Hai Ming (Chairman)                                                                                    4/4
     Adrian David Li Man Kiu (Chairman) (retired on 8 June 2023)                                                          4/4
     Lee Shing See (retired on 8 June 2023)                                                                               4/4
     Wong Wai Ching                                                                                                       3/4
     Chan Tze Ching Ignatius (appointed on 8 June 2023)                                                                   N/A


     During the meetings, the Remuneration Committee approved the remuneration policy and annual bonus policy of the
     Company, and the salary adjustment proposal of the executive directors and senior management of the Company;
     reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on the revised terms of reference of remuneration committee, and the
     proposed remuneration of independent non-executive directors of the Company.


     The human resources department reviews the remuneration data of the market and formulates the remuneration policy
     of the Group and then proposes to the Remuneration Committee for consideration and approval. The remuneration of
     directors and senior management of the Company is determined with reference to the remuneration policy of the Group
     and based on individual skills, knowledge, performance and contribution, the overall performance of the Group, the
     prevailing economic environment and the market trend.


     The remuneration payable to directors and members of senior management by band are set out in the notes to the
     consolidated financial statements of the Company’s 2023 Annual Report.
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023      77
                                             Corporate Governance Report (continued)




Nomination Committee

The Company has established a Nomination Committee on 20 March 2006. The major responsibilities of the Nomination
Committee include reviewing the structure and the composition of the Board, and making recommendation to the Board
on matters relating to directors’ nomination, appointment or re-appointment and succession on regular basis. The Board
has adopted written terms of reference for the Nomination Committee, which defined the role, authority and function of the
Nomination Committee. The terms of reference are posted on the websites of HKEx and the Company.


During the year, four Nomination Committee meetings were held and the individual attendance of each director is set out
below:


                                                                                                                  Attended/
Name                                                                                                      Eligible to Attend


Chan Tze Ching Ignatius (Chairman) (appointed on 8 June 2023)                                                             N/A
Lee Shing See (Chairman) (retired on 8 June 2023)                                                                         4/4
Adrian David Li Man Kiu (retired on 8 June 2023)                                                                          4/4
Raymond Leung Hai Ming                                                                                                    4/4
Wong Wai Ching                                                                                                            3/4


During the meetings, the Nomination Committee reviewed the structure, size and composition (including the skills,
knowledge and experience) of the Board; assessed the independence of the independent non-executive directors;
considered the gender diversity and relevant disclosure; reviewed and considered and made recommendation to the
Board on the re-election of the retiring Directors at the annual general meeting, the changes of chairman of the Board,
chief executive officer and directors of the Company, the re-appointment of an independent non-executive director of the
Company and the changes of chairmen and members of Board committees.


The Board adopted a Board Diversity Policy on 14 August 2013 and a revised Board Diversity Policy on 25 October 2022
which sets out the approach to achieve diversity on the Board. The Company sees increasing diversity at the Board level as
an essential element in supporting the attainment of its strategic objectives and its sustainable development. In designing
the Board’s composition, Board diversity has been considered from a number of aspects, including but not limited to
gender, age, educational background, professional experience, knowledge, cultural background and length of service. All
Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due
regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, supporting the gender diversity of the Board and setting the target for the
gender ratio of the Board in a timely manner. The Board should ensure that any changes to the Board’s composition can
be managed without undue disruption. The Board should include a balanced composition of executive and non-executive
directors (including independent non-executive directors) so that there is a strong independent element on the Board,
which can effectively exercise independent judgement. Non-executive directors should be of sufficient calibre and number
for their views to carry weight. Nomination Committee will review Board Diversity Policy on an annual basis to ensure its
effectiveness. The Board Diversity Policy is posted on the website of the Company.


The Board contains individuals who have diverse educational background, professional experience, knowledge and culture.
The Board members possess Chinese mainland/Hong Kong/Macau construction and related industry experience, global
market experience, other listed companies’ board roles experience, corporate executive experience, public administration
experience, professional engineering experience, professional accounting experience, professional banking and finance
experience. All these experiences can enhance the Board decision making capacity, improves effectiveness in dealing with
changes and reduces likelihood of group thinking. All Board appointments are based on meritocracy.
78   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Corporate Governance Report (continued)




     In order to achieve gender diversity, the Company appointed Ms. Wong Wai Ching as the independent non-executive
     director of the Company on 25 March 2022. The Company pays close attention to the objective of board diversity (including
     gender diversity) and ensures at least one director of a different gender in the Board. If the Nomination Committee deems
     it necessary in the future, it will further identify suitable female candidate to join the Board through various channels in due
     course.


     For details on the gender ratio of the Group together with relevant data, please refer to the 2023 Sustainability Report of the
     Company which is posted on the websites of HKEx and the Company.


     As at 31 December 2023, the Board comprises 7 directors. Six directors are male and one director is female. Two directors
     are under the age group of 41 to 50; one is under the age group of 51 to 60; and four are over 60. Three directors have
     served the Board below 5 years; two have served the Board between 5 and 15 years; and two have served the Board
     between 15 and 20 years.


     The Nomination Committee strives to enhance the level of Board diversity and governance when refreshing and renewing
     Board membership. The Nomination Committee will continue to consider Board diversity and governance and identify
     suitable candidates based on merit, skill and experience and the development of the Group. The Board has also adopted
     a Director Nomination Policy which sets out the criteria and process in the nomination and appointment of directors and
     ensures that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the Company.


     Corporate Governance Functions

     The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance duties of the Company. The Board has adopted written
     terms of reference for its corporate governance functions which include:


     (a)     to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance;


     (b)     to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management;


     (c)     to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;


     (d)     to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and
             directors; and


     (e)     to review the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the Corporate
             Governance Report.


     The Company understands that corporate governance is an important part of sustainable development. It is committed
     to improving its governance standards and fully understands that good corporate governance is closely related to
     environmental, social and governance performance. The Group is led by the Board which is responsible for formulating the
     Group’s overall strategy to oversee business development, financial performance and governance effectiveness.


     During the year, the Board reviewed the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in
     the Corporate Governance Report and considered the adoption of various policies.
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023         79
                                                 Corporate Governance Report (continued)




The Board adopted a Whistleblowing Policy on 25 October 2022 which aims to enable the employees of the Group
and those who deal with the Group to raise concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the Company about possible
improprieties in matters related to the Group, in order to help detect and deter misconduct or malpractice or unethical
acts in the Group. The Company encourages reporting of concerns and actual or suspected misconduct or malpractice
or unethical acts (e.g. corruption) by any employee of the Group and/or external parties in any matter related to the Group.
The Audit Committee of the Company shall review regularly the Whistleblowing Policy to improve its effectiveness and
employee confidence in the process.


The Board also adopted an Anti-corruption Policy on 25 October 2022. The Company takes a zero-tolerance approach
towards all forms of bribery and corruption and is committed to observing and upholding high standards of business
integrity, honesty, fairness, impartiality and transparency in all its business dealings at all times. The Company strictly
prohibits any form of fraud or bribery, and is committed to prevention, deterrence, detection, reporting and investigation of
all forms of fraud and bribery. The Company shall review regularly the Anti-corruption Policy to improve its effectiveness.


Audit Committee

The Company has established an Audit Committee on 1 June 2005. The major responsibilities of the Audit Committee
include reviewing and overseeing the financial information of the Company, reviewing the financial reporting system,
reviewing the risk management and internal control systems of the Company, and reviewing the relationship between
the Company and auditor. The Board has adopted written terms of reference for the Audit Committee, which defined the
role, authority and function of the Audit Committee. The terms of reference are posted on the websites of HKEx and the
Company.


During the year, four Audit Committee meetings were held and the individual attendance of each director is set out below:


                                                                                                                  Attended/
Name                                                                                                      Eligible to Attend


Wong Wai Ching (Chairlady)                                                                                                    4/4
Lee Shing See (Chairman) (retired on 8 June 2023)                                                                             2/2
Adrian David Li Man Kiu (retired on 8 June 2023)                                                                              2/2
Raymond Leung Hai Ming                                                                                                        4/4
Chan Tze Ching Ignatius (appointed on 8 June 2023)                                                                            2/2


During the meetings, the Audit Committee reviewed and considered the Group’s audited accounts and Audit Committee
Report for the year ended 31 December 2022; the connected transactions report, internal audit report, 2023 unaudited
quarterly results, unaudited accounts for the six months ended 30 June 2023 and the audit services fees in respect of the
financial year ended 31 December 2023. The external auditor, Ernst & Young, Hong Kong (“EY”), was invited to attend 2022
final results meeting and 2023 unaudited third quarter results meeting and discussed audit plan for 2023 Group results with
the Audit Committee. During the year, the proposed non-assurance service provided by EY was reviewed and approved by
the Audit Committee by way of circulated resolutions in writing.


During the year, the Company conducted a review and considered that the Company maintained adequate qualified
accountants to oversee its accounting and financial reporting function and other accounting related issues in accordance
with the relevant laws, rules and regulations.
80   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Corporate Governance Report (continued)




     Auditor’s Remuneration

     The Company’s external auditor is EY. For the financial year ended 31 December 2023, the fees paid or payable to EY
     and other firms of the worldwide network of EY in respect of services provided to the Group amounted to approximately
     HK$12,547,000, including audit services fee of the Group of approximately HK$11,425,000 and non-audit services fee of
     approximately HK$1,122,000. The non-audit fees included tax services and other services for ad hoc projects.


     Sustainability Committee

     The Company has established a Sustainability Committee on 25 March 2020. The major responsibilities of the
     Sustainability Committee include monitoring and reviewing the sustainability goals, priorities and policies, reviewing the
     Group’s risk appetite, tolerance and strategy, reviewing and assessing sustainability performance and risks of the Group,
     and considering and making recommendation to the Board on sustainability reporting and assurance. The Board has
     adopted written terms of reference for the Sustainability Committee, which defined the role, authority and function of the
     Sustainability Committee. The terms of reference are posted on the websites of HKEx and the Company.


     During the year, three Sustainability Committee meetings were held and the individual attendance of each director is set
     out below:


                                                                                                                    Attended/
     Name                                                                                                  Eligible to Attend


     Zhang Haipeng                                                                                                         3/3
     Wang Xiaoguang (Chairman) (appointed on 21 April 2023)                                                                1/1
     Zhou Hancheng (Chairman) (resigned on 21 April 2023)                                                                  2/2
     Adrian David Li Man Kiu (retired on 8 June 2023)                                                                      2/2
     Raymond Leung Hai Ming                                                                                                3/3
     Lee Shing See (retired on 8 June 2023)                                                                                2/2
     Wong Wai Ching                                                                                                        3/3
     Chan Tze Ching Ignatius (appointed on 8 June 2023)                                                                    1/1


     During the meetings, the Sustainability Committee considered and approved the appointments and fees of external
     independent consultants, considered and made recommendation to the Board on the framework of sustainability report
     and sustainability report of the Company, Water Resources Management Policy, Sustainable Procurement Policy. During
     the year, Human Rights Policy, Climate Change Policy, Health and Safety Policy, Code of Conduct of Supplier and ESG
     Management Regulations of the Company were reviewed and recommended for Board approval by the Sustainability
     Committee by way of circulated resolutions in writing.
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023      81
                                             Corporate Governance Report (continued)




Directors’ Securities Transactions

The Company has adopted a model code for securities transactions by directors and relevant employees (the “Securities
Code”) on terms no less exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
Directors of Listed Issuers set out in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules. Directors and relevant employees of the Company
are required to comply with the Securities Code. Reminders are sent to directors and relevant employees that they should
not deal in the securities of the Company during the “black-out-period” specified in the Securities Code and before
publishing any inside information announcement. Directors and relevant employees are required to notify the Company and
obtained a dated written acknowledgement before dealing in the securities of the Company. After making enquiries by the
Company, all directors and relevant employees confirmed that they have complied with the Securities Code during the year.


Accountability and Audit

It is the responsibility of the Board to present a balanced, clear and comprehensible assessment of the Company’s
performance, position and prospects.


The management provided sufficient explanation and information to the Board to enable the Board to make an informed
assessment of the financial and other information put before the Board for approval.


The directors acknowledge that they are responsible for preparing accounts for each financial period which give a true and
fair view of the state of affairs of the Group. In preparing the accounts for the year ended 31 December 2023, the directors
have selected appropriate accounting policies and applied them consistently; made judgements and estimates that are
prudent and reasonable; and prepared accounts on a going concern basis.


The reporting responsibilities of EY, the external auditor of the Company, are stated in the Independent Auditor’s Report of
the 2023 Annual Report of the Company.


The Board presents a balanced, clear and understandable assessment on annual and interim reports, other inside
information announcements and other financial disclosures required under the Listing Rules, and reports to regulators as
well as to information required to be disclosed pursuant to statutory requirements. The Board confirmed that the Company
has an effective process for financial reporting and Listing Rules compliance.


Company Secretary

The company secretary supports the chairman, Board and Board committees by ensuring good information flow and
Board policies and procedures are followed. The company secretary is an employee of the Company and is appointed by
the Board. The company secretary reports to the chairman and all directors may call upon him for advice and assistance at
any time in respect of his duties.


During the year, the company secretary of the Company attended sufficient professional training as required under Rule 3.29
of the Listing Rules.
82   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Corporate Governance Report (continued)




     Risk Management and Internal Control

     The Board is responsible for the Company’s risk management and internal control system. The Company reviewed the
     effectiveness of its risk management and internal control system and considered the system is effective and adequate.
     The Company ensures that the system can withstand changes in its operation and the external environment in respect
     of strategic risk, financial risk, operational risk, compliance risk and sustainability risk, and mitigate the Company’s risk
     exposure so as to safeguard the shareholders’ investment and the Company’s assets. Risk management and internal
     control system are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only
     provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


     The Company recognises that risk management is the responsibility of all of our people. The Company has established an
     organisation structure with defined levels of responsibility which facilitates the Company to assign roles and responsibilities
     at strategic level and operational level of risk management clearly. It makes the Company’s process used to identify,
     assess and manage risks effectively. The Board is responsible for determining the business strategies and objectives of
     the Company, and evaluating and determining the nature and extent of risk it is willing to take in achieving the Company’s
     strategy and objective. The Board oversees management in the design, implementation and monitoring of the risk
     management and internal control system. Executive directors review the change in the nature and extent of the Company’s
     significant risks from time to time, and the Company’s ability to respond to change in its business and external environment.
     Senior management is responsible for evaluating, managing and reviewing potential risks. Ensuring the Company’s risks be
     managed properly, it communicates, consulates and provides guidance to business segment. Senior management is also
     responsible to track progress of mitigation plan of material risks. Business segment is responsible to identify, analyse and
     evaluate potential operational risk. It monitors and implements mitigating activity to minimise the operational risk.


     The Company’s Risk Management Control Committee focuses on strategic risk, financial risk, market risk and operational
     risk of the Company. The Committee is chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and includes executive directors and the
     management from investment, operations, finance departments, etc.. The Committee aims to continually identify and
     strengthen the risk management of the Company, and build up a risk aware and control conscious culture throughout the
     Company. Departmental reports and periodical reports were submitted to the Risk Management Control Committee for
     review.


     The Company’s Audit Department reviews the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and
     internal control system. The Audit Department is independent of all business segment and is directly responsible for
     the chairman or chief executive officer of the Company so as to ensure the neutrality of control. It adopts a risk-based
     approach and control-based approach, operates on an on-going basis and covers all major operations of the Company on
     a rotational basis. It sets audit planning yearly, and focus on auditing business segments’ financial management, operation
     management and internal control. It assists business segment to implement risk management and better its system. The
     Audit Department reports and makes recommendation to the chairman or chief executive officer of the Company if there is
     material system deficiency or control weakness identified. It records the results and reports to the Audit Committee.
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023      83
                                             Corporate Governance Report (continued)




Executive directors and senior management convene meetings periodically to evaluate and review potential risks. In respect
of identified risks, they make agreed remedial action plan and prompt follow up to ensure that risks are properly managed
and defects are mitigated. Each executive director provides updated information on change of business environment and
external environment to senior management which enhances the risk control quality. Risk Management Control Committee
and Audit Department perform independent risk evaluation continuously to enhance the risk management quality. Through
the division of work and periodic meetings, the Company was informed of material risks which may affect the performance
regularly.


The Audit Department presents at least one consolidated summary report to the Board annually. The consolidated
summary report covers the business risk of the Company and any significant control failure or weakness identified during
the year (including impact). The Audit Department member attends Audit Committee meeting at least once a year; and
reports its works during the year to the Audit Committee members.


The Company establishes a holistic risk management and internal control system. It requires each business segment
to modify its own risk management and internal control system based on its local business environment. The Company
requires each business segment to review and evaluate the effectiveness of the system on a continuous basis to ensure
its effectiveness. The Audit Department performs on-going monitoring on each main business segment, and evaluates the
procedure and action of its risk management and internal control system to enhance the quality and effectiveness.


During the year, the Audit Department inspected, investigated and assessed several subsidiaries of the Group. It reviewed
and assessed their systems on operation flow; internal control; financial; contracting; work monitoring and control. It
issues independent and objective internal audit report with recommendation to the chairman or chief executive officer
of the Company and relevant business segments to improve deficiencies. Corrective actions were taken on findings and
no significant control failure which might affect shareholders’ interests was identified. Amongst them, in order to further
improving and monitoring the quality of the Company’s internal control system, the Audit Department performed economic
responsibility audit on the senior management of several subsidiaries, and conducted financial revenue and expenditure
audit, internal control audit and special projects audit, etc on several subsidiaries. The Audit Department also reviewed the
Group’s continuing connected transactions for the year ended 31 December 2023 and confirmed that the transactions
conducted in accordance with the pricing policies and framework agreements; and on normal and commercial terms. A
continuing connected transactions report was prepared by the Audit Department and reported to the Audit Committee.


The Company has an inside information disclosure policy to ensure potential inside information being captured and
maintained confidentiality until disclosure and disseminated properly.


The Company considered that the risk management and internal control system has adequacy of resources, staff
qualifications and experience, training programmes and budget of the Company’s accounting, internal audit and financial
reporting function. The Company will continue to conduct a review of the effectiveness of its risk management and internal
control system at least once a year. The review covers all material controls, including financial, operational and compliance
controls.
84   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Corporate Governance Report (continued)




     Shareholders’ Rights

     Convening of Extraordinary General Meeting on Requisition by Shareholders

     The Board may whenever it thinks fit call extraordinary general meetings. Any one or more shareholders holding at the
     date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting
     at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Secretary
     of the Company, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business
     specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If
     within 21 days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself/herself
     (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the
     failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.


     Procedures for Directing Shareholders’ Enquiries to the Board

     The annual report and the Company’s website provide the contact details of the Company. Shareholders may at any time
     send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing. Shareholders may also make enquiries with the Board at the
     general meetings of the Company.


     Procedures for Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings by Shareholders

     There are no provisions allowing shareholders to propose new resolutions at general meetings under the Cayman Islands
     Companies Laws or the Articles of Association of the Company. Shareholders who wish to propose a resolution may
     request the Company to convene a general meeting following the procedures set out in the preceding paragraph.


     The procedures for appointment, election and removal of directors are set out in the website of the Company.


     Communication with Shareholders

     The Board has adopted a Shareholders’ Communication Policy on 30 March 2012 and a revised Shareholders’
     Communication Policy on 25 October 2022 which sets out the various channels and platforms adopted by the Company to
     communicate with the shareholders. The Company believes that effective communication with its shareholders is essential
     for ensuring that shareholders are provided with timely access to important information about the Company, including its
     financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile, in order to enable
     shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner.


     The Company has established various communication channels with shareholders. These include general meetings,
     annual report and interim report, notice, announcement and circular. In addition, the Company updates its website
     (www.csci.com.hk) from time to time to keep the shareholders updated information of the Company’s recent development.
     Investors’ presentations are also uploaded to the Company’s website for all stakeholders’ perusal. For any queries,
     shareholders may send their enquiries to Tricor Standard Limited, the branch share registrar of the Company in Hong Kong,
     by email at is-enquiries@hk.tricorglobal.com or to the Corporate Finance Department of the Company at csci.ir@cohl.com.
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023    85
                                            Corporate Governance Report (continued)




General meeting is a main channel of communication between directors and shareholders. During the year of 2023, the
Company held one general meeting by electronic means where shareholders were allowed to raise questions through
online meeting system, and the Board would answer questions in a timely manner after receiving them.


The AGM was held on 8 June 2023. The notice of meeting, the Company’s annual report and the circular containing
information on the proposed resolutions were sent to shareholders more than 20 clear business days prior to the meeting.
The chairmen/chairlady and members of the audit, remuneration, nomination and sustainability committees were available
to answer questions from the shareholders at the meeting. At the meeting, separate resolution was proposed by the
chairman of the meeting in respect of each substantially separate issue and voting on each resolution was conducted by
poll. The results of the poll were posted on the websites of HKEx and the Company on the same date of the meeting.


The Board considered that the implementation of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy is effective.


On 8 June 2023, the shareholders of the Company passed a special resolution in the AGM to adopt the amended and
restated Articles of Association of the Company. A copy of the latest version of the Company’s Memorandum of Association
and amended and restated Articles of Association has been posted on the websites of HKEx and the Company.


Investor Relations

The Company has been striving to maintain high transparency and communications with shareholders and investors
through diversified communication channels. The Company holds press conferences and analyst briefing sessions
from time to time to provide the latest business information of the Company to investors. The website of the Company
(www.csci.com.hk) contains the latest data and information of the Group so that shareholders, investors and the public can
obtain the information about the Company in a timely manner.


Hong Kong, 21 March 2024
86   China State Construction International Holdings Limited



     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) present their report together with the audited consolidated financial
     statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2023.


     Principal Activities and Geographical Analysis of Operations

     The principal activity of the Company is investment holding and providing corporate management services. The activities of
     its principal subsidiaries are set out in the audited consolidated financial statements.


     The performance of the Group for the year by segments is set out in the audited consolidated financial statements.


     Results and Appropriations

     The results of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in the audited consolidated financial statements.


     An interim dividend of HK27.5 cents per share amounting to approximately HK$1,385,345,000 was paid to the shareholders
     of the Company on 10 October 2023. The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) recommended the payment of a
     final dividend of HK28.5 cents per share to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on 18 June
     2024, amounting to approximately HK$1,435,721,000.


     Dividend Policy

     The dividend policy of the Company is to allow shareholders of the Company to participate in the profits of the Group
     whilst retaining adequate reserves for its future growth. Subject to compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and
     the articles of association of the Company, in deciding whether to propose any dividend payout, the Board will take into
     account, among other things, financial results, cash flow situation, business conditions and strategies, future operations
     and earnings, capital requirements and expenditure plans, interests of shareholders, any restrictions on payment of
     dividends and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.


     Business Review and Performance

     The business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 is set out in the sections headed “Chairman’s
     Statement” and “Management Discussion and Analysis”.


     The environmental and social matters of the Group together with an account of the key relationships with its employees,
     customers and suppliers for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in the 2023 Sustainability Report of the
     Company, which is published on the websites of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and the Company on the
     same date as that of the publication of 2023 Annual Report of the Company. The Company complied with all the provisions
     set out in the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide.
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023   87
                                                                        Directors’ Report (continued)




Major Risk Management

Under the internal control and risk management framework of the Group, the Risk Management Control Committee
identifies major risks in each operation segment, assesses its likely impact and evaluates the risk in order to develop
effective control activities to mitigate the risks. The Group established a more detailed project risk rating system, and
discussed and supervised implementation at regular monthly management meetings to ensure that operational risks are
within controllable limits. Other than the financial risk management policies of the Group set out in the section headed
“Management Discussion and Analysis” of the 2023 Annual Report of the Company, the Group was also exposed to major
risk factors including construction risk, infrastructure investment risk, overseas business risk and compliance risk.


(1)    Construction risk

       The Group was exposed to construction risk in relation to technology, costs, duration of works, environmental
       protection and safety involved in the construction business. The Group monitored and evaluated the price of key
       materials regularly, conducted timely analyses and made bold decisions. With effective cooperation between tender,
       procurement, construction and other departments, the Group kept updating the procurement plans and efficiently
       controlled the scale and procedures of procurement in line with construction progress. The Group controlled its
       material cost of tender projects through centralised procurement and mitigated price risk by setting fixed unit price
       for auxiliary materials. As for special construction process and materials, the construction defects risk and price
       risk had been shifted to the sub-contractors who are responsible for assigned works with material supply. Materials
       involving significant safety and social influence were managed by the Group directly so as to strictly control the
       quality risks. Under the unique management model of “5+3” (i.e. coordinated management by the five elements
       of safety, environmental protection, quality, progress and cost, and the three systems of flow guarantee system,
       procedure guarantee system and liability guarantee system), the Group was able to control the construction risks
       efficiently.


(2)    Infrastructure investment risk

       In respect of the infrastructure investment business, the Group carried out comprehensive risk control regarding the
       whole cycle towards project development, implementation, buy-back and operation. For new development projects,
       the Group adhered to the selection criteria, conducted thorough researches, investigation and strict decision
       making processes to control the investment risks from scratch. For projects in progress, the Group monitored
       project progress and quality along with the implementation of the buy-back guarantee conditions. In respect of
       the forthcoming buy-back projects, the Group conducted preparation works in advance to ensure the recovery
       of investments as planned. For operating projects, the Group focused on safety management and proactively
       communicated with the government authorities for favorable policy terms.


(3)    Overseas business risk

       The Group undertook various projects overseas and hence was exposed to certain overseas political and regulatory
       risks. The Group had taken initiative to review cautiously the overseas operations and focused its resources on the
       exploration of core cities in order to avoid political and regulatory risks.


(4)    Compliance risk

       The Group paid high attention to the enactment and amendment of laws and regulations of each operation region
       which may cause legal risks to the business of the Group and reviewed the compliance status of relevant business
       of the Group in a timely manner to ensure that all business operations are in compliance with laws and regulations.
88   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Directors’ Report (continued)




     Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations

     The construction industry is regulated by the local authorities in which the business units operate. In general, contractors
     must comply with certain requirements mandated by the applicable laws and regulations and may be required to obtain
     permits or licences in order to carry on certain businesses such as general contracting, facade contracting, design and
     manufacturing, and construction supervision in certain countries or regions. Apart from the specific laws and regulations,
     the Group is also subject to the general laws and regulations governing the environment, employment, anti-competition
     and anticorruption regardless of its nature of business.


     In addition, the Company, as a listed company, is subject to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
     Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Share Buy-backs and the Securities and
     Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong).


     The Group seeks to ensure compliance with all relevant laws and regulations through various measures such as internal
     controls and approval procedures, trainings and oversight of various business units with the designated resources at
     different levels of the Group.


     As far as the Board is aware, the Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have a significant impact
     on the Group in all material respects throughout the year ended 31 December 2023.


     Charitable Donations

     Charitable donations made by the Group during the year amounted to approximately HK$1,158,000.


     Investment Properties

     Details of investment properties of the Group are set out in the audited consolidated financial statements.


     Share Capital

     The total issued share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2023 was 5,037,616,668 ordinary shares of HK$0.025
     each.


     Details of the share capital of the Company are set out in the audited consolidated financial statements.


     Share Premium and Reserves

     Details of movements during the year in the share premium and reserves of the Group are set out in the audited
     consolidated financial statements.


     Distributable Reserves

     Distributable reserves of the Company as at 31 December 2023 amounted to approximately HK$20,965,754,000.


     Equity-linked Agreement

     No equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing shares nor require the Company to enter into
     any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing shares were entered into by the Company during the year or
     subsisted at the end of the year.
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023       89
                                                                      Directors’ Report (continued)




Pre-emptive Rights

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the articles of association of the Company and the laws of Cayman
Islands, being the jurisdiction in which the Company is incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares
on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders.


Tax Relief and Exemption

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the shareholders of the Company by reason of their
holding of the securities of the Company.


Financial Summary

A summary of the results, assets and liabilities of the Group for the past five financial years is set out in the section headed
“Five Year Financial Summary”.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Listed Securities of the Group

Issue of Listed Securities

During the year, a subsidiary of the Company completed the public issuance of the following listed securities. The net
proceeds, after deducting relevant fees and commission, amounted to approximately RMB3,067 million and were used by
the subsidiaries of the Company to repay corporate debts and as general working capital:

                                                                                Principal    Coupon Rate
Issue Date                                 Securities                            Amount        per annum              Maturity
                                                                                   (RMB)


21 August 2023            Corporate bonds issued and listed on               1,100 million            2.88%             3 years
                           Shenzhen Stock Exchange
16 November 2023          Medium-term notes issued and listed on             2,000 million            3.50%        3 + N years
                           the China Inter-bank Bond Market                                                         (Perpetual)


Redemption of Listed Securities

During the year, a subsidiary of the Company redeemed all of the following outstanding securities upon their maturity:

                                                                                Principal    Coupon Rate
Redemption Date                            Securities                            Amount        per annum              Maturity
                                                                                   (RMB)


29 July 2023              Corporate bonds issued and listed on               2,000 million            3.48%             3 years
                           Shanghai Stock Exchange on
                           30 July 2020
28 October 2023           Medium-term notes issued and listed on the           500 million            3.45%             3 years
                           China Inter-bank Bond Market on
                           26 October 2020

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the listed
securities of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2023.
90   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Directors’ Report (continued)




     Directors

     The Directors during the year and up to the date of this report were:


     Chairman and Executive Director

     Mr. Zhang Haipeng(Note 1)


     Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Yan Jianguo(Note 2)
     Mr. Chen Xiaofeng (resigned on 20 December 2023)


     Executive Directors

     Mr. Wang Xiaoguang (Chief Executive Officer) (appointed on 24 February 2023)
     Mr. Zhou Hancheng (resigned on 21 April 2023)
     Mr. Hung Cheung Shew


     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. Adrian David Li Man Kiu (retired on 8 June 2023)
     Dr. Raymond Leung Hai Ming
     Mr. Lee Shing See (retired on 8 June 2023)
     Ms. Wong Wai Ching
     Mr. Chan Tze Ching Ignatius (appointed on 8 June 2023)


     Notes:


     1.       Mr. Zhang Haipeng was appointed as Chairman of the Company and ceased to be the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
              on 24 February 2023.


     2.       Mr. Yan Jianguo resigned as the Chairman of the Company and continued to act as Non-executive Director of the Company on
              24 February 2023.


     Pursuant to articles 87(1) and 87(2) of the articles of association of the Company, Mr. Hung Cheung Shew and Dr. Raymond
     Leung Hai Ming will retire by rotation at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company. Mr. Hung Cheung Shew,
     being eligible, offers himself for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company. Dr. Raymond Leung
     Hai Ming, being eligible, does not offer himself for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.


     Pursuant to article 86(3) of the articles of association of the Company, Mr. Chan Tze Ching Ignatius shall hold office only
     until the next following annual general meeting of the Company, and shall be eligible for re-election at the forthcoming
     annual general meeting of the Company.


     The Directors’ biographical information is set out in the section headed “Directors and Organisation” of this report.


     Information regarding Directors’ emoluments is set out in the audited consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023     91
                                                                       Directors’ Report (continued)




Confirmation of Independence

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors confirmation of his/her independence
pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) and still
considers such Directors independent.


Directors’ Service Contracts

No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract which is not
determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation). All
Directors (including non-executive Directors) are subject to retirement from office and re-election at the annual general
meeting of the Company in accordance with the articles of association of the Company.


Directors’ Material Interests in Transactions, Arrangements or Contracts

No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance in relation to the business of the Group to which the Company or
any of its subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries or its parent company was a party and in which a Director had a material interest,
whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares, Underlying Shares and
Debentures

As at 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
shares and underlying shares of the Company and its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under
Section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers under Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”) were as
follows:


(a)    Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                                                              Number of            Approximate
                                                                                                   ordinary         % of shares
       Name of director                                      Capacity                        shares held             in issue Note


       Hung Cheung Shew                         Personal interest/beneficial owner                  591,584                  0.01
       Raymond Leung Hai Ming                   Personal interest/beneficial owner                  813,569                  0.02

       Note:


       The percentage was calculated based on the total number of ordinary shares of the Company (“Shares”) in issue as at 31
       December 2023 (i.e. 5,037,616,668 Shares).
92   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Directors’ Report (continued)




     (b)     Long positions in shares and underlying shares of associated corporations of the Company

             (i)      China Overseas Land & Investment Limited (“COLI”)

                                                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                Number of        Number of          % of shares
                                                                                                 ordinary     share options             in issue
                      Name of director                Capacity                             shares held                 held             of COLI1


                      Yan Jianguo                     Personal interest/beneficial owner                 –        1,066,000*                0.01
                      Hung Cheung Shew                Personal interest/beneficial owner              7,095                 –             0.0001

                      *        The share options granted pursuant to the share option scheme adopted by COLI on 11 June 2018. Details of the
                               share options held by Mr. Yan Jianguo are as follows:


                                                                                                       Subscription price
                                                               Exercise period of the share options         of the share
                               Date of grant                          (both days inclusive)                      options               Number of
                               (DD/MM/YYYY)                              (DD/MM/YYYY)                    HK$ (per share)        the share options


                               29/06/2018                            29/06/2020 to 28/06/2024                     25.850                 466,000
                               24/11/2020                            24/11/2022 to 23/11/2026                     18.724                 600,000

             (ii)     China State Construction Development Holdings Limited (“CSCD”)

                                                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                              Number of             % of shares
                                                                                                        ordinary shares                 in issue
                      Name of director                                      Capacity                                held               of CSCD2


                      Zhang Haipeng                            Personal interest/beneficial owner              4,000,000                     0.18
                      Wang Xiaoguang                           Personal interest/beneficial owner              4,000,000                     0.18
                                                               Interest of spouse                              1,080,000                    0.05
                      Hung Cheung Shew                         Personal interest/beneficial owner                 30,000                   0.001


             (iii)    China Overseas Property Holdings Limited (“COPL”)

                                                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                              Number of             % of shares
                                                                                                        ordinary shares                 in issue
                      Name of director                                      Capacity                                held               of COPL3


                      Hung Cheung Shew                         Personal interest/beneficial owner                  2,365                  0.0001
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023       93
                                                                        Directors’ Report (continued)




       (iv)   China State Construction Engineering Corporation Limited (“CSCECL”)

                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                     % of shares
                                                                                               Number of                  in issue
              Name of director                                Capacity                        shares held*           of CSCECL4


              Zhang Haipeng                     Personal interest/beneficial owner                 880,000                   0.002
              Wang Xiaoguang                    Personal interest/beneficial owner                 200,000                  0.0005

              *        The Company was informed that shares were granted by CSCECL under its A-shares Restricted Stock Incentive
                       Plan (Phases II and IV).


              Notes:


              1.       The percentage was calculated based on the total number of ordinary shares of COLI in issue as at 31 December
                       2023 (i.e. 10,944,883,535 shares).


              2.       The percentage was calculated based on the total number of ordinary shares of CSCD in issue as at 31
                       December 2023 (i.e. 2,255,545,000 shares).


              3.       The percentage was calculated based on the total number of ordinary shares of COPL in issue as at 31
                       December 2023 (i.e. 3,286,860,460 shares).


              4.       The percentage was calculated based on the total number of ordinary shares of CSCECL in issue as at 31
                       December 2023 (i.e. 41,919,514,444 shares).


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any
interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated
corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Model Code.


Save as disclosed above, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2023 was the Company, its holding company,
or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by
means of acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate. Save as disclosed above,
at no time during the year ended 31 December 2023, none of the Directors and chief executive of the Company (including
their spouses and children under the age of 18) had any interests in or was granted any right to subscribe for the securities
of the Company or its associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), or had exercised any such rights.


Interests and Short Positions of Substantial Shareholders/Other Persons

As at 31 December 2023, substantial shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rule) of the Company and other persons (other
than Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares
of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO, or as
otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange, were as follows:
94   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Directors’ Report (continued)




     Long/Short positions of substantial shareholders in the shares of the Company

                                                                                                                   Number of     Approximate
                                                 Long/                                                               ordinary    % of shares
     Name of shareholder                         Short position                    Capacity                      shares held        in issue1


     China Overseas Holdings Limited             Long position             Beneficial owner/Interest             3,264,976,136         64.81
          (“COHL”)                                                           of a controlled
                                                                             corporation2


     China State Construction                    Long position             Interest of a controlled              3,264,976,136         64.81
          Engineering Corporation Limited                                    corporation3
          (“CSCECL”)


     中國建築集團有限公司 (China State                     Long position             Interest of a controlled              3,264,976,136         64.81
          Construction Engineering                                           corporation4
          Corporation*) (“CSCEC”)

     *         The English name is a translation from its Chinese name and is for identification purpose only.


     Long/Short positions of other persons in the shares of the Company

                                                                                                                   Number of     Approximate
                                                 Long/                                                               ordinary    % of shares
     Name of shareholder                         Short position                    Capacity                      shares held        in issue1


     GIC Private Limited                         Long position             Investment manager                     302,824,733           6.01

     Notes:


     1.        The percentage has been adjusted based on the total number of ordinary shares of the Company (“Shares”) in issue as at 31
               December 2023 (i.e. 5,037,616,668 Shares).


     2.        Amongst the total number of 3,264,976,136 Shares held by COHL, 3,146,188,492 Shares was held as beneficial owner while the
               balance of 118,787,644 Shares were interests of its controlled corporation.


     3.        COHL is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of CSCECL, thus CSCECL is deemed by the SFO to be interested in 3,264,976,136
               Shares directly and indirectly owned by COHL.


     4.        CSCECL is a subsidiary of CSCEC, thus CSCEC is deemed by the SFO to be interested in 3,264,976,136 Shares indirectly owned
               by CSCECL.


     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, there was no other person who had interests or short positions in the
     shares or underlying shares of the Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section
     336 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023   95
                                                                         Directors’ Report (continued)




Management Contracts

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the year.


Major Customers and Suppliers

During the year, sales to the five largest customers of the Group accounted for less than 30% of the total sales of the Group
for the year.


During the year, purchases from the five largest suppliers of the Group accounted for less than 30% of the total purchases
of the Group for the year.


At no time during the year did a Director, an associate of a Director or a shareholder of the Company (which to the
knowledge of the Directors owns more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company) have an interest in any of the
five largest customers or suppliers of the Group.


Connected and Related Party Transactions

Details of connected transactions are set out in the section headed “Connected Transactions” of the 2023 Annual Report
of the Company. The related party transactions are disclosed in the audited consolidated financial statements.


Public Float

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the date
of this report, there is sufficient public float of the issued shares of the Company as required under the Listing Rules.


Directors’ Interest in Competing Business

Pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules, the Company discloses that during the year and up to the date of this report,
Mr. Zhang Haipeng, the Chairman and executive Director and Mr. Yan Jianguo, the non-executive Director, and Mr. Chen
Xiaofeng, the former non-executive Director, held directorship in the Company’s holding company and/or its subsidiaries
which are engaged in construction, property development, property management and related businesses.


The Board operates independently of the boards of directors of the above-mentioned companies. With the presence of
independent non-executive Directors in the Board, the Group is capable of carrying on its business independently of, and
at arm’s length from, the businesses of these companies.


Permitted Indemnity Provisions

Pursuant to the articles of association of the Company, subject to the statutes, every Director shall be entitled to be
indemnified out of the assets and profits of the Company against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and
expenses which he may sustain or incur in the execution of his duty, or supposed duty, or in relation thereto, provided that
such indemnity does not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty by such Director. The Company has
maintained directors and officers liability insurance during the year.
96   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Directors’ Report (continued)




     Emolument Policy

     The emolument policy of the employees of the Group was approved by the Remuneration Committee. The remuneration of
     employees was determined in accordance with individual’s responsibility, competence and skills, experience, performance
     and market pay level.


     The emoluments of the executive Directors are decided by the Remuneration Committee, having regard to the operating
     results of the Company, individual performance and comparable market trend. The emoluments of the independent
     nonexecutive Directors are in line with market practice. No individual should determine his/her own remuneration.


     Retirement Benefit Scheme

     With effect from 1 December 2000, the Group has joined a mandatory provident fund scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) for all
     employees in Hong Kong. The MPF Scheme is registered with the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority under
     the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the
     Group in funds under the control of an independent trustee. Under the MPF Scheme, the employer and its employees are
     each required to make contributions to the MPF Scheme at rates specified in the rules. The employees of the subsidiaries
     of the Company established in the PRC are required to participate in a state-managed retirement scheme operated by
     the PRC government. These subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of payroll costs to the retirement
     scheme. The only obligation of the Group with respect to these schemes is to make the required contributions under
     these schemes. During the year, the Group made contribution to the retirement schemes amounting to approximately
     HK$401,363,000. No forfeited contributions under these schemes is available to reduce the contribution payable in future
     years.


     Auditor

     Ernst & Young (“EY”) has acted as auditor of the Company for the past three years. EY will retire and, being eligible, offer
     themselves for re-appointment as auditor of the Company.


     A resolution to re-appoint EY as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the
     Company.




     On behalf of the Board
     China State Construction International Holdings Limited
     Zhang Haipeng
     Chairman and Executive Director


     Hong Kong, 21 March 2024
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023      97

                                                CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS



A.   CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS UNDER THE LISTING RULES
     A.1 Factoring Arrangement with 中建商業保理有限公司(China Construction Commercial
         Factoring Company Limited*) (“CCCF”) regarding Zibo project

         On 23 June 2023, 中建國際投資集團有限公司 (China State Construction International Investments Limited*)
         (“CSC International Investments”) (an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) entered into the
         Factoring Arrangement, pursuant to which, on the same date, CSC International Investments (1) entered into
         Account Receivables Transfer Contracts with 淄博海 新建 設有限公司 (Zibo Haixin Construction Company
         Limited*) (“ZHCCL”) (being a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of CSC International Investments); and (2)
         entered into Factoring Contracts with CCCF, in respect of transfer of the Account Receivables to CCCF for
         granting of (a) account receivable factoring service in an aggregate principal sum of RMB175 million (equivalent
         to approximately HK$192 million) at a discount rate of 94.6% to CSC International Investments for a term of
         not exceeding one year from the drawdown date under the Factoring Contracts 1, and (b) account receivable
         factoring service in an aggregate principal sum of RMB175 million (equivalent to approximately HK$192
         million) at a discount rate of 89.2% to CSC International Investments for a term of not exceeding two years
         from the drawdown date under the Factoring Contracts 2 (the “Transactions”).


         The consideration of the Account Receivables 1 under the Account Receivables Transfer Contract 1 was
         determined on arm’s length negotiations between CSC International Investments and ZHCCL with reference
         to, among other things, the book value of the Account Receivables 1, the repayment period of the Account
         Receivables 1, the terms of the Factoring Contracts 1 and the credit worthiness of 淄博市淄川區羅村鎮人民
         政府 (People’s Government of Luocun Town, Zichuan District, Zibo City*) and 淄博市淄川區財金控股有限公
         司 (Zibo City Zichuan District Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.*) (the “Joint Debtors”).


         The consideration of the Account Receivables 2 under the Account Receivables Transfer Contract 2 was
         determined on arm’s length negotiations between CSC International Investments and ZHCCL with reference
         to, among other things, the book value of the Account Receivables 2, the repayment period of the Account
         Receivables 2, the terms of the Factoring Contracts 2 and the credit worthiness of the Joint Debtors.


         The Transactions together with the connected transactions as stipulated in the announcement of the
         Company dated 29 November 2022 and the announcement of the Company dated 27 December 2022 are
         related and completed within a 12-month period. Accordingly, these transactions shall be aggregated and
         treated as if they were one transaction (the “Aggregated Transactions”), and the aggregate figures of the
         Aggregate Transactions shall be used for calculating the applicable percentage ratios.


         As all the applicable percentage ratios in respect of the Aggregate Transactions exceeded 0.1% but were
         less than 5%, the Transactions itself or the Aggregate Transactions were subject to the reporting and
         announcement requirements but exempted from shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of
         the Listing Rules.


         Details of the transaction were disclosed in an announcement dated 23 June 2023.
98   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

     Connected Transactions (continued)




             A.2 Disposal of Entire Equity Interest in a Subsidiary

                      On 11 October 2023, (1) China Overseas Property Holdings Limited, an associate of the Company (the
                      “Purchaser”), (2) Netfortune Enterprise Limited, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of China State Construction
                      Development Holdings Limited (“CSCD” or “CSC Development”, a listed subsidiary of the Company), and an
                      indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the “Vendor”), and (3) CSCD as guarantor of the Vendor,
                      have entered into the Sale and Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which (i) the Purchaser conditionally agreed
                      to acquire, and the Vendor conditionally agreed to dispose of, the Sale Share, representing the entire equity
                      interest in Project Supervision Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CSCD and the Company and
                      the direct holding company of 深圳中海通信工程監理有限公司 (Shenzhen China Overseas Communication
                      Engineering Supervision Company Limited*) (the “Target Company”), at the consideration of not more than
                      HK$950 million (the “Transaction”); and (ii) CSCD agreed to guarantee the performance of the obligations of
                      the Vendor under the Sale and Purchase Agreement.


                      The consideration was determined based on arm’s length negotiations between the Purchaser and the
                      Vendor and on normal commercial terms, with reference to, among other things, (i) the historical financial
                      performance of the Target Company and its subsidiaries (“Target Group”); (ii) the business overview and
                      future prospects of the Target Group; (iii) the appraised value of the equity interest of the Target Company as
                      at 31 August 2023; and (iv) the benefits to the CSCD Group. Upon Completion, the Target Group will cease
                      to be subsidiaries of the Vendor, CSCD and the Company as the Vendor, CSCD and the Company will no
                      longer, directly or indirectly, hold any equity interest in the Target Group.


                      As all applicable percentage ratios in respect of the Transaction exceeded 0.1% but were less than 5%,
                      the Transaction was subject to the reporting and announcement requirements but was exempted from
                      independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


                      On 29 December 2023, the Purchaser, the Vendor and CSCD entered into a deed of termination (the
                      “Termination Deed”) whereby the parties have mutually agreed to terminate the Sale and Purchase
                      Agreement and the Transaction (the “Termination”), and to release and discharge each other from its
                      respective obligations thereunder with effect from the date of the Termination Deed, and none of the parties
                      shall have any claim against the others thereafter.


                      Details of the transaction and the Termination were disclosed in the joint announcements dated 11 October
                      2023 and 29 December 2023 respectively.
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023     99
                                                  Connected Transactions (continued)




B.   CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS UNDER THE LISTING
     RULES
     B.1   CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement (dated 19 October 2020)
           (1 January 2021 to 31 December 2023)
           New CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement (dated 20 October 2023)
           (1 January 2024 to 31 December 2026)


           On 19 October 2020, the Company and China State Construction Engineering Corporation Limited
           (“CSCECL”, an intermediate holding company of the Company) entered into a CSCECL Construction
           Engagement Agreement whereby (i) the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) may engage CSCECL
           and its subsidiaries (the “CSCECL Group”) as contractors for a term of three years commenced from 1
           January 2021 and ended on 31 December 2023. Upon successful tender, the maximum total contract sum
           that may be awarded by the Group to the CSCECL Group under the CSCECL Construction Engagement
           Agreement for each of the three financial years ending 31 December 2023 shall not exceed RMB$55,000
           million (the “CSCECL Construction Engagement Cap”); and (ii) the CSCECL Group may engage the Group as
           contractors for a term of three years commenced from 1 January 2021 and ended on 31 December 2023.
           Upon successful tender, the maximum total contract sum that may be awarded by the CSCECL Group to
           the Group under the CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement for each of the three financial years
           ended 31 December 2023 shall not exceed RMB18,000 million (the “CSC Construction Engagement Cap”).


           In determining the pricing terms, the Group will review the technical requirement, quantity and quality of
           works, costs information, pricing information of previous tenders and the possible risk factors associated
           with the project.


           As each of the CSCECL Construction Engagement Cap and the CSC Construction Engagement Cap
           exceeded 5% of the applicable percentage ratios calculated pursuant to the Listing Rules, the transactions
           contemplated under the CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement were subject to annual review,
           reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the
           Listing Rules.


           An announcement containing details of the CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement was made on
           19 October 2020 and a circular dated 24 November 2020 containing details of the CSCECL Construction
           Engagement Agreement was despatched to the shareholders of the Company. The CSCECL Construction
           Engagement Agreement was duly approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at an
           extraordinary general meeting held on 12 January 2021.
100   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Connected Transactions (continued)




                       On 20 October 2023, the Company and CSCECL entered into a New CSCECL Construction Engagement
                       Agreement whereby (i) the Group may engage the CSCECL Group as contractors for a term of three
                       years commenced from 1 January 2024 and ending on 31 December 2026. Upon successful tender, the
                       maximum total contract sum that may be awarded by the Group to the CSCECL Group under the New
                       CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement for each of the financial years ending 31 December 2024,
                       31 December 2025 and 31 December 2026 shall not exceed RMB10,000 million, RMB11,000 million and
                       RMB12,000 million respectively (the “New CSCECL Construction Engagement Caps”); and (ii) the CSCECL
                       Group may engage the Group as contractors for a term of three years commenced from 1 January 2024
                       and ending on 31 December 2026. Upon successful tender, the maximum total contract sum that may be
                       awarded by the CSCECL Group to the Group under the New CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement
                       for each of the financial years ending 31 December 2024, 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2026
                       shall not exceed RMB2,000 million, RMB2,500 million and RMB3,000 million (the “New CSC Construction
                       Engagement Caps”).


                       In determining the pricing terms, the Group will review the costs information maintained by its in-house
                       computer database for materials supplied and contract prices from contractors for the Group’s previous
                       projects and peripheral operation. This information will assist the Group to conduct quantitative comparison
                       between quotations obtained from contractors and materials suppliers.


                       As each of the New CSCECL Construction Engagement Caps and the New CSC Construction Engagement
                       Caps exceeded 5% of the applicable percentage ratios calculated pursuant to the Listing Rules, the
                       transactions contemplated under the New CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement were subject to
                       the annual review, reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under
                       Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


                       An announcement containing details of the New CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement was
                       made on 20 October 2023 and a circular dated 14 December 2023 containing details of the New CSCECL
                       Construction Engagement Agreement was despatched to the shareholders of the Company. The New
                       CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement was duly approved by the independent shareholders of the
                       Company at an extraordinary general meeting held on 3 January 2024.


                       For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total contract sum awarded by the Group to the CSCECL Group
                       under the CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement was RMB4,158,563,271 and the total contract
                       sum awarded by the CSCECL Group to the Group under the CSCECL Construction Engagement Agreement
                       was RMB29,494,771.
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023      101
                                             Connected Transactions (continued)




B.2 CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction Engagement Agreement (dated 19 October 2020)
     (1 January 2021 to 31 December 2023)
     New CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction Engagement Agreement (dated 20 October 2023)
     (1 January 2024 to 31 December 2026)


     On 19 October 2020, CSC Development and CSCECL entered into a CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction
     Engagement Agreement whereby the CSCECL Group may engage CSC Development and its subsidiaries
     (the “CSC Development Group”) as its subcontractor for provision of exterior facade works to the CSCECL
     Group’s construction works for a term of three years commenced from 1 January 2021 and ended on 31
     December 2023. Upon successful tender, the maximum total contract sum that may be awarded by the
     CSCECL Group to the CSC Development Group under the CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction Engagement
     Agreement for each of the three financial years ended 31 December 2023 shall not exceed HK$1,000 million
     (the “CSCD-CSCECL Works Cap”).


     In determining the pricing terms, the CSC Development Group will review the technical requirement, quantity
     and quality of works, costs information, pricing information of previous tenders and the possible risk factors
     associated with the project.


     As the CSCD-CSCECL Works Cap was less than 5% of the applicable percentage ratios calculated
     pursuant to the Listing Rules, the transactions contemplated under the CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction
     Engagement Agreement were subject to annual review, reporting and announcement requirements but
     exempted from independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     An announcement containing details of the CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction Engagement Agreement was
     made on 19 October 2020.


     On 20 October 2023, CSC Development and CSCECL entered into a New CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction
     Engagement Agreement whereby the CSCECL Group may engage CSC Development Group as its
     subcontractor for provision of exterior facade works to the CSCECL Group’s construction works for a term of
     three years commenced from 1 January 2024 and ending on 31 December 2026. Upon successful tender,
     the maximum total contract sum that may be awarded by the CSCECL Group to the CSC Development
     Group under the New CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction Engagement Agreement for each of the financial
     years ending 31 December 2024, 2025 and 2026 shall not exceed HK$1,200 million, HK$1,500 million and
     HK$1,500 million respectively (the “New CSCD-CSCECL Works Caps”).


     In determining the pricing terms, the CSCD Group will review the costs information maintained in its in-house
     database for materials supplied and contract prices from subcontractors for the CSCD Group’s previous
     projects and peripheral operation. Such information will assist the CSCD Group in implementing quantitative
     comparison between preliminary quotations obtained from sub-contractors and materials suppliers.
102   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Connected Transactions (continued)




                       On an aggregation basis, the applicable percentage ratios as defined under the Listing Rules in respect of
                       the New CSCD-CSCECL Works Caps exceeded 5%. As such, the transactions contemplated under the New
                       CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction Engagement Agreement were subject to the annual review, reporting,
                       announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
                       Rules.


                       An announcement and a supplemental announcement containing details of the New CSCD-CSCECL Sub-
                       construction Engagement Agreement were made on 20 October 2023 and 31 October 2023 respectively,
                       and a circular dated 14 December 2023 containing details of the New CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction
                       Engagement Agreement was despatched to the shareholders of the Company. The New CSCD-CSCECL
                       Sub-construction Engagement Agreement was duly approved by the independent shareholders of the
                       Company at an extraordinary general meeting held on 3 January 2024.


                       For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total contract sum awarded by the CSCECL Group to the
                       CSC Development Group under the CSCD-CSCECL Sub-construction Engagement Agreement was
                       HK$526,144,517.


              B.3 CSCD-COGO Framework Agreement (dated 24 March 2021)
                       (1 July 2021 to 30 June 2024)


                       On 24 March 2021, CSC Development and China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited (“COGO”, an
                       associate of the Company) entered into a CSCD-COGO Framework Agreement whereby COGO and
                       its subsidiaries (the “COGO Group”) may engage the CSC Development Group to provide management
                       services for a term of three years commenced from 1 July 2021 and ending on 30 June 2024. Upon
                       successful tender, the maximum total contract sum that may be awarded by the COGO Group to the CSC
                       Development Group under the CSCD-COGO Framework Agreement for the period from 1 July 2021 to 31
                       December 2021 shall not exceed HK$30 million, for each of the two financial years ended 31 December
                       2023 shall not exceed HK$60 million, and for the period from 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024 shall not
                       exceed HK$30 million (the “CSCD-COGO Engagement Caps”).


                       In determining the pricing terms, the CSC Development Group will review the technical requirement, quantity
                       and quality of works, costs information, pricing information of previous tenders and the possible risk factors
                       associated with the project.


                       As the CSCD-COGO Engagement Caps were more than 0.1% but less than 5% of the applicable percentage
                       ratios calculated pursuant to the Listing Rules, the transactions contemplated under the COGO Framework
                       Agreement were subject to annual review, reporting and announcement requirements but exempted from
                       independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


                       An announcement containing details of the CSCD-COGO Framework Agreement was made on 24 March
                       2021.


                       For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total contract sum awarded by the COGO Group to the CSC
                       Development Group under the CSCD-COGO Framework Agreement was HK$21,997,727.
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023      103
                                              Connected Transactions (continued)




B.4   CSCD-COLI Works Framework Agreement (dated 29 March 2021)
      (1 July 2021 to 30 June 2024)


      On 29 March 2021, CSC Development and China Overseas Land & Investment Limited (“COLI”, an associate
      of the Company) entered into a CSCD-COLI Works Framework Agreement whereby each of COLI and its
      subsidiaries (the “COLI Group”) and the companies which respective share capital is held as to not less
      than 30% and not more than 50% by the COLI Group which are not members of the COLI Group, and their
      respective subsidiaries from time to time (excluding COGO and its subsidiaries) (the “Minority Controlled
      Group”) may engage the CSC Development Group for the provision of contracting and engineering works,
      project management, supervision and consultancy services for the COLI Group’s and the Minority Controlled
      Group’s construction works as contractor or service provider (as the case may be) from time to time for a
      period commenced from 1 July 2021 and ending on 30 June 2024. Upon successful tender, the maximum
      total contract sum that may be awarded by the COLI Group and the Minority Controlled Group to the CSC
      Development Group under the CSCD-COLI Works Framework Agreement for the period from 1 July 2021 to
      31 December 2021 shall not exceed HK$310 million, for the year ended 31 December 2022 shall not exceed
      HK$310 million, for the year ended 31 December 2023 shall not exceed HK$510 million, and for the period
      from 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024 shall not exceed HK$155 million (the “CSCD-COLI Works Engagement
      Caps”).


      In determining the pricing terms, the CSC Development Group will review the technical requirement, quantity
      and quality of works, costs information, pricing information of previous tenders and the possible risk factors
      associated with the project.


      As the CSCD-COLI Works Engagement Caps under the CSCD-COLI Works Framework Agreement were
      more than 0.1% but less than 5% of the applicable percentage ratios calculated pursuant to the Listing
      Rules, the transactions contemplated under the CSCD-COLI Works Framework Agreement were subject to
      annual review, reporting and announcement requirements but exempted from independent shareholders’
      approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


      An announcement containing details of the CSCD-COLI Works Framework Agreement was made on 29
      March 2021.


      For the year ended 31 December 2023, there was no contract awarded by the COLI Group and the Minority
      Controlled Group to the CSC Development Group under the CSCD-COLI Works Framework Agreement.
104   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Connected Transactions (continued)




              B.5 CSCECL Framework Agreement (dated 10 September 2021)
                       (1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024)


                       On 10 September 2021, the Company and CSCECL entered into a CSCECL Framework Agreement
                       whereby the parties agree that they (or their respective subsidiaries) may cooperate to enter into government
                       or public sector contracts, or contracts for large-scale construction with single contract sum of exceeding
                       HK$2,000 million, awarded by tender (“Construction Main Contracts”), as joint venture main contractor
                       for three financial years ending 31 December 2024. It is expected that the award of these contracts will
                       generally be subject to a tendering process or such other prescribed contract award process as may be
                       implemented by the relevant third-party developer/owner client in order to determine the contract sum of
                       the relevant Construction Main Contracts. Upon successful tender, the maximum total contract sum that
                       may be awarded jointly to the Company and CSCECL (or their respective subsidiaries) as joint venture
                       main contractor for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 shall not exceed HK$31,000 million, for the
                       financial year ended 31 December 2023 shall not exceed HK$33,000 million and for the financial year ending
                       31 December 2024 shall not exceed HK$35,000 million (the “CSCECL Annual Caps”).


                       In determining the pricing terms, the Company will review the technical requirement, quantity and quality of
                       works, costs information, pricing information of previous tenders and the possible risk factors associated
                       with the project.


                       As the CSCECL Annual Caps for the relevant financial years under the CSCECL Framework Agreement
                       exceeded 5% of the applicable percentage ratios calculated pursuant to the Listing Rules, the transactions
                       contemplated under the CSCECL Framework Agreement were subject to annual review, reporting,
                       announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
                       Rules.


                       An announcement containing details of the CSCECL Framework Agreement was made on 10 September
                       2021 and a circular dated 22 October 2021 containing details of the CSCECL Framework Agreement was
                       despatched to the shareholders of the Company. The CSCECL Framework Agreement was duly approved
                       by the independent shareholders of the Company at an extraordinary general meeting held on 11 November
                       2021.


                       For the year ended 31 December 2023, there was no contract awarded under the CSCECL Framework
                       Agreement.
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023      105
                                              Connected Transactions (continued)




B.6 Financial Services Agreement (dated 6 December 2022)
     (1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025)


     On 6 December 2022, the Company and 中建 財務有限公司 (China State Construction Finance Limited*)
     (“CSCF”, a non-wholly owned subsidiary of CSCECL) entered into a Financial Services Agreement whereby
     CSCF agreed to provide the Group with a) deposit services, b) loan services, c) bill acceptance and discount
     services, and d) other financial services on a non-exclusive basis for a term of three years, commencing from
     1 January 2023 and ending on 31 December 2025 (both dates inclusive). Each of the maximum daily deposit
     balance (including interests accrued thereon) of the aggregated deposits placed by the Group with CSCF
     and the aggregate transaction amount of bill acceptance and discount services provided by CSCF to the
     Group shall not exceed RMB1,200 million respectively for each of the three years ending on 31 December
     2025.


     In determining the pricing terms, for a) deposit services: When determining the interest rates for deposits to
     be placed by the Group with CSCF, the Group shall obtain the interest rate from CSCF, and make reference
     to the interest rates of the same type of deposits quoted by not less than three major commercial banks
     in the Chinese mainland; b) Loan services: The terms of loans provided to the Group by CSCF shall be no
     less favourable than the terms of the same type of loans provided by independent third party commercial
     banks which have existing cooperative relationships with the Group. When determining the interest rates for
     loans to be granted to the Group by CSCF, the Group shall obtain the interest rate from CSCF, and make
     reference to the interest rates of the same type of loans quoted by not less than three major commercial
     banks in the Chinese mainland; c) bill acceptance and discount services: When determining the service fees
     for bill acceptance services to be provided to the Group by CSCF, the Group shall obtain the service fees
     quotes from CSCF, and make reference to the service fees of the same type of services quoted by not less
     than three major commercial banks in the Chinese mainland; and d) other financial services: CSCF will offer
     other financial services to the Group, including centralized fund monitoring, entrusted loans, cross-border
     capital pooled-transmittance, other bill services, supply-chain financing services and guarantee services,
     and these services (except guarantee services) shall be free of charge. For guarantee services, the terms of
     guarantee services provided to the Group by CSCF shall be no less favourable than the terms of the same
     type of services provided by independent third party commercial banks which have existing cooperative
     relationships with the Group. When determining the service fees to be paid by the Group to CSCF, the Group
     shall obtain service fees quotes from CSCF, and make reference to the service fees of the same type of
     services quoted by not less than three major commercial banks in the Chinese mainland. All other financial
     services will not be subject to any security over the assets of the Group.


     Since one or more of the applicable percentage ratios as defined under the Listing Rules calculated for the
     Company in respect of the respective annual caps for (i) the deposit services, and (ii) the bill acceptance
     and discount services for each year under the Financial Services Agreement exceed 0.1% but are less than
     5%, the provision of each of the deposit services and bill acceptance and discount services by CSCF to
     the Group under the Financial Services Agreement constitutes continuing connected transaction of the
     Company subject to the reporting, announcement and annual review requirements but exempt from the
     independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     Since the highest applicable percentage ratio as defined under the Listing Rules calculated for the Company
     in respect of the annual cap for the deposit services for each year under the Financial Services Agreement
     exceeds 5% but is less than 25%, the provision of the deposit services by CSCF to the Group under the
     Financial Services Agreement constitutes discloseable transaction of the Company subject to the notification,
     announcement and reporting requirements but exempt from the shareholders’ approval requirement under
     Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules.
106   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Connected Transactions (continued)




                       The loan services to be provided by CSCF to the Group are on normal commercial terms or better (i.e.
                       terms that are similar or more favourable than those offered by at least three major commercial banks in the
                       Chinese mainland for the provision of comparable services) and are in the interest of the Group. No security
                       over the assets of the Group is granted to CSCF in respect of the loan services. They were therefore exempt
                       from all reporting, announcement and Independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Rule 14A.90
                       of the Listing Rules.


                       The guarantee services to be provided by CSCF to the Group are on normal commercial terms or better (i.e.
                       terms that are similar or more favourable than those offered by at least three major commercial banks in the
                       Chinese mainland for the provision of comparable services) and are in the interest of the Group. No security
                       over the assets of the Group is granted to CSCF in respect of the guarantee services. They were therefore
                       exempt from all reporting, announcement and Independent Shareholders’ approval requirements under Rule
                       14A.90 of the Listing Rules.


                       CSCF will provide other financial services, including centralized fund monitoring, entrusted loans, cross-
                       border capital pooled-transmittance, other bill services and supply-chain financing services, to the Group for
                       free under the Financial Services Agreement. All of the applicable percentage ratios pursuant to the Listing
                       Rules calculated for the Company in respect of the total fees payable by the Group to CSCF for the provision
                       of other financial services by CSCF under the Financial Services Agreement were fall within the de minimis
                       threshold and were exempt from all reporting, announcement and Independent Shareholders’ approval
                       requirements under Rule 14A.76 of the Listing Rules.


                       An announcement containing details of the Financial Services Agreement was made on 6 December 2022.


                       For the year ended 31 December 2023, the maximum daily deposit balance (including interests accrued
                       thereon) of the aggregated deposits placed by the Group with CSCF under the Financial Services Agreement
                       was RMB638,926,052 and there was no bill acceptance and discount services provided by CSCF to the
                       Group under the Financial Services Agreement.


              B.7      CSCD-COLI Connection Services Framework Agreement (dated 25 October 2022)
                       (1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025)


                       On 25 October 2022, COLI and CSC Development entered into a CSCD-COLI Connection Services
                       Framework Agreement for a term of three years commenced from 1 January 2023 and ending on 31
                       December 2025, whereby the CSC Development Group (through 瀋 陽皇 姑 熱電 有 限公司 (Shenyang
                       Huanggu Thermoelectricity Company Limited*), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of CSC Development)
                       may provide heating pipes connection services for real estate project(s) located in the Chinese mainland and
                       developed by COLI Group. Upon successful tender, the maximum total contract sum that may be awarded
                       by the COLI Group to the CSC Development Group for each of the three years ending 31 December 2025
                       shall not exceed HK$50 million (the “Engagement Cap”).


                       In determining the pricing terms, the CSC Development Group will take into account the other comparable
                       services providers, coverage, location, size and development status, capacity and cost of the connection.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023     107
                                            Connected Transactions (continued)




     As the Engagement Cap was more than 0.1% but less than 5% of the applicable percentage ratios calculated
     pursuant to the Listing Rules, the transactions contemplated under the CSCD-COLI Connection Services
     Framework Agreement were subject to the annual review, reporting and announcement requirements but
     exempted from the independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     An announcement containing details of the CSCD-COLI Connection Services Framework Agreement was
     made on 25 October 2022.


     For the year ended 31 December 2023, there was no contract awarded by the COLI Group to the CSC
     Development Group under the CSCD-COLI Connection Services Framework Agreement.


B.8 COLI Master Engagement Agreement (dated 25 October 2022)
     (1 January 2023 to 31 December 2025)


     On 25 October 2022, the Company and COLI entered into a COLI Master Engagement Agreement, pursuant
     to which (i) the Group may tender for construction works of the COLI Group and the Minority Controlled
     Group in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Macau as construction contractor from time to time for
     three financial years ending on 31 December 2025. Upon successful tender, the maximum total contract
     sum that may be awarded by the COLI Group to the Group for each of the three financial years ending 31
     December 2025 shall not exceed HK$9,000 million (the “COLI Sub-cap”), and upon successful tender, the
     maximum total contract sum that may be awarded by the Minority Controlled Group to the Group for each
     of the three financial years ending 31 December 2025 shall not exceed HK$11,000 million (the “Minority
     Controlled Group Sub-cap”, together with COLI Sub-cap, the “COLI Works Annual Cap”).


     In determining the pricing terms, the Group will review the technical requirement, quantity and quality of
     works, costs information, pricing information of previous tenders and the possible risk factors associated
     with the project.


     As the COLI Works Annual Cap under the COLI Master Engagement Agreement exceeded 5% of the
     applicable percentage ratios calculated pursuant to the Listing Rules, the transactions contemplated under
     the COLI Master Engagement Agreement were subject to annual review, reporting, announcement and
     independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     An announcement containing details of the COLI Master Engagement Agreement was made on 25 October
     2022 and a circular dated 25 November 2022 containing details of the COLI Master Engagement Agreement
     was despatched to the shareholders of the Company. The COLI Master Engagement Agreement was duly
     approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at an extraordinary general meeting held on 21
     December 2022.


     For the year ended 31 December 2023, there was no contract awarded by the COLI Group and the Minority
     Controlled Group to the Group under the COLI Master Engagement Agreement.
108   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Connected Transactions (continued)




              B.9      COGO Master Engagement Agreement (dated 19 November 2020)
                       (1 January 2021 to 31 December 2023)
                       New COGO Master Engagement Agreement (dated 20 October 2023)
                       (1 January 2024 to 31 December 2026)


                       On 19 November 2020, the Company and COGO entered into a COGO Master Engagement Agreement
                       whereby the Group may tender for the COGO Group’s construction works in the Chinese mainland as
                       construction contractor in accordance with the tendering procedures of the COGO Group from time to
                       time for a term of three years commenced from 1 January 2021 and ended on 31 December 2023. Upon
                       successful tender, the maximum total contract sum that may be awarded by the COGO Group to the Group
                       under the COGO Master Engagement Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2021 shall not exceed
                       RMB2,000 million, for the year ended 31 December 2022 shall not exceed RMB2,500 million and for the year
                       ended 31 December 2023 shall not exceed RMB3,000 million (the “COGO Works Caps”).


                       In determining the pricing terms, the Group will review the technical requirement, quantity and quality of
                       works, costs information, pricing information of previous tenders and the possible risk factors associated
                       with the project.


                       As the COGO Works Caps exceeded 5% of the applicable percentage ratios calculated pursuant to the
                       Listing Rules, the transactions contemplated under the COGO Master Engagement Agreement were subject
                       to annual review, reporting, announcement and independent shareholders’ approval requirements under
                       Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


                       An announcement containing details of the COGO Master Engagement Agreement was made on
                       19 November 2020 and a circular dated 17 December 2020 containing details of the COGO Master
                       Engagement Agreement was despatched to the shareholders of the Company. The COGO Master
                       Engagement Agreement was duly approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at an
                       extraordinary general meeting held on 12 January 2021.


                       On 20 October 2023, the Company and COGO entered into a New COGO Master Engagement Agreement
                       whereby the Group may tender for the COGO Group’s construction works in the Chinese mainland as
                       construction contractor in accordance with the tendering procedures of the COGO Group from time to
                       time for a term of three years commenced from 1 January 2024 and ending on 31 December 2026. Upon
                       successful tender, the maximum total contract sum that may be awarded by the COGO Group to the Group
                       under the New COGO Master Engagement Agreement shall not exceed (i) RMB1,800 million for the year
                       commenced from 1 January 2024 and ending on 31 December 2024; (ii) RMB1,800 million for the year
                       commencing from 1 January 2025 and ending on 31 December 2025; and (iii) RMB1,800 million for the year
                       commencing from 1 January 2026 and ending on 31 December 2026 (the “New COGO Works Caps”).


                       In determining the pricing terms, the Group will review the costs information maintained by its in-house
                       computer database for materials supplied and contract prices from contractors for the Group’s previous
                       projects and peripheral operation. The information will assist the Group to conduct quantitative comparison
                       between quotations obtained from contractors and materials suppliers.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023      109
                                            Connected Transactions (continued)




     On an aggregation basis, the applicable percentage ratios as defined under the Listing Rules in respect
     of the New COGO Works Caps exceeded 5%. As such, the transactions contemplated under the New
     COGO Master Engagement Agreement were subject to the annual review, reporting, announcement and
     independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     An announcement and a supplemental announcement containing details of the New COGO Master
     Engagement Agreement were made on 20 October 2023 and 31 October 2023 respectively, and a circular
     dated 14 December 2023 containing details of the New COGO Master Engagement Agreement was
     despatched to the shareholders of the Company. The New COGO Master Engagement Agreement was duly
     approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at an extraordinary general meeting held on 3
     January 2024.


     For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total contract awarded by the COGO Group to the Group under
     the COGO Master Engagement Agreement was RMB675,818,415.


B.10 COPL Services Agreement (dated 28 April 2020)
     (1 July 2020 to 30 June 2023)
     New COPL Services Agreement (dated 28 April 2023)
     (1 July 2023 to 30 June 2026)


     On 28 April 2020, the Company and China Overseas Property Holdings Limited (“COPL”, an associate of
     the Company) entered into a COPL Services Agreement whereby COPL and its subsidiaries (the “COPL
     Group”) may participate from time to time in competitive tender in accordance with the tendering procedures
     of the Group to provide property management services and value-added services to the Group’s residential
     communities, commercial properties and other properties in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Macau
     and other locations, and the Group’s work sites in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Macau for a term
     of three years commenced from 1 July 2020 and ended on 30 June 2023.Upon successful tender, the
     maximum total amounts payable for the services by the Group to the COPL Group under the COPL Services
     Agreement for the period from 1 July 2020 to 31 December 2020 shall not exceed HK$118 million, for the
     financial year ended 31 December 2021 shall not exceed HK$255 million, for the financial year ended 31
     December 2022 shall not exceed HK$356 million and for the period from 1 January 2023 to 30 June 2023
     shall not exceed HK$224 million (the “COPL Services Caps”).


     As the COPL Services Caps were more than 0.1% but less than 5% of the applicable percentage ratios
     calculated pursuant to the Listing Rules, the transactions contemplated under the COPL Services Agreement
     were subject to annual review, reporting and announcement requirements but exempted from independent
     shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


     An announcement containing details of the COPL Services Agreement was made on 28 April 2020.
110   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Connected Transactions (continued)




                       On 28 April 2023, the Company and COPL entered into a New COPL Services Agreement, whereby the
                       COPL Group may participate from time to time in competitive tender in accordance with the tendering
                       procedures of the Group to provide the property management services and value-added services (including
                       engineering, pre-delivery, move-in assistance, delivery inspection, engineering services quality monitoring
                       and consulting services, as well as gardening, interior fine finishing and vetting of building plans) (the
                       “Services”) to the properties (including residential communities, commercial properties and other properties)
                       owned and/or held by the Group in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Macau and other locations; and
                       the work sites owned and/or held by the Group in the Chinese mainland, Hong Kong and Macau for a term
                       of three years commenced from 1 July 2023 and ending on 30 June 2026. Upon successful tender, the
                       maximum total amounts payable for the Services by the Group to the COPL Group under the New COPL
                       Services Agreement for the period from 1 July 2023 to 31 December 2023 shall not exceed HK$133 million,
                       for the financial year ending 31 December 2024 shall not exceed HK$308 million, for the financial year ending
                       31 December 2025 shall not exceed HK$493 million and for the period from 1 January 2026 to 30 June
                       2026 shall not exceed HK$299 million (the “New COPL Services Caps”).


                       As the New COPL Services Caps were more than 0.1% but less than 5% of the applicable percentage ratios
                       calculated pursuant to the Listing Rules, the transactions contemplated under the New COPL Services
                       Agreement were subject to annual review, reporting and announcement requirements but exempted from
                       independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


                       An announcement containing details of the New COPL Services Agreement was made on 28 April 2023.


                       For the period from 1 January 2023 to 30 June 2023, the total amount payable for the services by the Group
                       to the COPL Group under the COPL Services Agreement was HK$54,976,652.


                       For the period from 1 July 2023 to 31 December 2023, the total amount payable for the services by the
                       Group to the COPL Group under the New COPL Services Agreement was HK$55,417,416.


              B.11 COLI Supply of Materials Framework Agreement (dated 28 April 2021)
                   Supplemental Agreement (dated 3 May 2022)
                       (1 July 2021 to 30 June 2024)


                       On 28 April 2021, the Company and COLI entered into a COLI Supply of Materials Framework Agreement
                       whereby (i) the COLI Group may supply civil-works, electromechanical and renovation items, goods or
                       materials (the “Materials”) for the construction projects of the Group in the Chinese mainland (the “Projects”)
                       upon the Group’s request in accordance with the tendering procedures of the Group from time to time for
                       a term of three years commenced from 1 July 2021 and ending on 30 June 2024 (both dates inclusive)
                       subject to the Supply of Materials Caps (as defined below); and (ii) the Group may engage the COLI Group
                       as supplier of the Materials for the Projects upon the COLI Group’s successful tender. Upon successful
                       tender, the maximum total contract sums in respect of the supply of the Materials for the Projects that may
                       be awarded by the Group to the COLI Group under the COLI Supply of Materials Framework Agreement for
                       the period between 1 July 2021 and 31 December 2021 shall not exceed RMB150 million (approximately
                       HK$176 million), for the year ended 31 December 2022 shall not exceed RMB360 million (approximately
                       HK$424 million), for the year ended 31 December 2023 shall not exceed RMB430 million (approximately
                       HK$506 million), and for the period between 1 January 2024 and 30 June 2024 shall not exceed RMB260
                       million (approximately HK$306 million) (the “Supply of Materials Cap(s)”).
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023       111
                                          Connected Transactions (continued)




As the highest Supply of Materials Cap was more than 0.1% but less than 5% of the applicable percentage
ratios calculated pursuant to the Listing Rules, the transactions contemplated under the COLI Supply of
Materials Framework Agreement were subject to annual review, reporting and announcement requirements
but exempted from independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


An announcement containing details of the COLI Supply of Materials Framework Agreement was made on
28 April 2021.


On 3 May 2022, the Company and COLI entered into a Supplemental Agreement to revise the Supply of
Materials Caps by increasing from RMB360 million (approximately HK$445 million) to RMB1,000 million
(approximately HK$1,200 million) for the year ended 31 December 2022, RMB430 million (approximately
HK$532 million) to RMB1,000 million (approximately HK$1,200 million) for the year ending 31 December
2023, and RMB260 million (approximately HK$321 million) to RMB500 million (approximately HK$618 million)
for the period between 1 January 2024 and 30 June 2024 (i.e. the Revised Supply of Materials Caps) taking
into account the fact that more materials would be required to be supplied and the Supply of Materials Caps
for the transactions contemplated under the COLI Supply of Materials Framework Agreement for the period
from 1 January 2022 to 30 June 2024 might no longer be sufficient to support the business need of the
Group.


As the highest Revised Supply of Materials Cap was more than 0.1% but less than 5% of the applicable
percentage ratios calculated pursuant to the Listing Rules, the transactions contemplated under the
Supplemental Agreement were subject to annual review, reporting and announcement requirements but
exempted from independent shareholders’ approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


An announcement containing details of the Supplemental Agreement was made on 3 May 2022.


For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total contract sum awarded by the Group to the COLI Group
under the COLI Supply of Materials Framework Agreement (as supplemented by the Supplemental
Agreement) was RMB259,269,499.


*        The English names of the entities referred to above are translations from their Chinese names and are for
         identification purpose only. If there is any inconsistency, the Chinese name shall prevail.
112   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Connected Transactions (continued)




              Pursuant to Rule 14A.55 of the Listing Rules, the above continuing connected transactions have been approved by
              the Board and have been reviewed by the independent non-executive directors of the Company, who confirmed
              that these continuing connected transactions were entered into:


              (i)      in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;


              (ii)     on normal commercial terms or better; and


              (iii)    according to the terms of the relevant agreements governing each of the continuing connected transactions
                       on terms that were fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Company and its shareholders as a whole.


              In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s
              continuing connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
              (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with
              reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong
              Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


              The auditor has confirmed in a letter to the Board that:


              (1)      nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected
                       transactions have not been approved by the Board;


              (2)      for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to their attention
                       that causes them to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the
                       pricing policies of the Group;


              (3)      nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the transactions were not entered into,
                       in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such transactions; and


              (4)      with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions, nothing has come
                       to their attention that causes them to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have
                       exceeded the relevant annual cap during the financial year ended 31 December 2023.


              The Board confirms that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements as required by the Listing
              Rules in relation to the aforementioned connected transactions/continuing connected transactions.


              The continuing connected transactions disclosed above also constitute related party transactions under the Hong
              Kong Financial Reporting Standards. A summary of significant related party transactions made during the year was
              disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Certain items also constitute connected/continuing
              connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023       113

                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the shareholders of China State Construction International Holdings Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China State Construction International Holdings Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 119 to 228, which comprise the consolidated statement
of financial position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for
the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of
Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the
Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance
of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide
the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
114   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
       Key audit matter                                             How our audit addressed the key audit matter

       Revenue recognition from construction works

       For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group               Our audit procedures to assess the revenue recognition
       recognised revenue from construction works of                from construction works included the following:
       approximately HK$106,000 million, including revenue from
       construction contracts, construction related investment      •      understanding and evaluating the Group’s process
       projects and facade contracting business.                           and control over contract revenue recognition and
                                                                           budget estimation;
       The Group’s revenue from construction works is
       recognised over time using the input method of which the     •      testing the calculation of the revenue and profit
       progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance           recognised from construction contracts;
       obligation is measured based on the Group’s efforts or
       inputs to the satisfaction of the performance obligation     •      discussing with management and the respective
       relative to the total expected efforts or inputs.                   project teams about the progress of major projects
                                                                           and the assumptions adopted in the forecast
       Most of the construction works take several years to                of contract costs, including estimated costs to
       complete and the scope of work may change during the                completion and assessment of potential liquidated
       construction period. Management estimates the revenue               damages for major contracts;
       and budgeted costs at the commencement of the contracts
       and regularly assesses the progress of construction works    •      testing, on a sample basis, the actual costs incurred
       as well as the financial impact of scope changes, claims,           on construction works during the reporting period;
       disputes and liquidated damages.
                                                                    •      testing, on a sample basis, the supporting
       Significant management judgements were required                     documents of the budgets, which include sub-
       for estimations of revenue, budgeted costs as well as               contracting contracts, material purchase contracts/
       the progress of related construction works and these                invoices and price quotations, etc.; and
       estimations had significant impact on the amount and
       timing of revenue recognised.                                •      comparing last year’s budget against the current
                                                                           year’s budget or actual costs incurred for major
       The accounting policies and disclosures in relation to the          contracts on a sampling basis.
       revenue recognition from construction works are included
       in notes 4.27, 6.1 and 7 to the consolidated financial
       statements.
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023      115
                                              Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)




KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment assessment of trade receivables and contract assets

As at 31 December 2023, the Group had trade receivables          Our audit procedures to assess the recoverability of trade
and contract assets (including retention receivables)            receivables and contract assets included the following:
amounted to approximately HK$134,000 million in
aggregate, representing approximately 54% of the Group’s         •      understanding and evaluating the design and
total assets.                                                           operating effectiveness of management control over
                                                                        the collection and the impairment assessment of
Significant management judgement and estimates were                     the trade receivables and contract assets;
required in assessing the recoverability of trade receivables
and contract assets, including the assessment of the             •      testing, on a sample basis, the ageing of trade
collectability from individual customers after taking into              receivables at year end;
account their creditworthiness, whether they have financial
difficulties, experience of default or delinquency in interest   •      testing, on a sample basis, subsequent settlements
or principal payments, ageing analysis and forecast of                  and the latest amounts certified by quantity
future events and economic conditions.                                  surveyors appointed by customers;


Management judgements have a significant impact on the           •      in respect of material trade receivable and contract
level of loss allowance required for trade receivables and              asset balances, inspecting relevant contracts and
contract assets.                                                        correspondence with the customers, and assessing
                                                                        their creditworthiness with reference to publicly
The accounting policies and disclosures in relation to the              available information, where applicable;
recoverability of trade receivables and contract assets
are included in notes 4.10, 4.17, 6.3, 27 and 31 to the          •      in respect of material trade receivable balances
consolidated financial statements.                                      which are past due, inspecting correspondence with
                                                                        the customers, evaluating their historical progress
                                                                        payment records, assessing whether the customers
                                                                        are experiencing financial difficulties, and any default
                                                                        or delinquency in interest or principal payments,
                                                                        where applicable; and


                                                                 •      obtaining and reviewing the expected credit loss
                                                                        calculation prepared by management.
116   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)




      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (continued)
       Key audit matter                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter

       Impairment assessment of concession operating rights

       The Group’s concession operating rights represent the           Our audit procedures to assess impairment of concession
       rights to operate and charge for usage of toll expressways      operating rights included the following:
       in Chinese mainland and are recognised as non-current
       assets with a net carrying amount of approximately              •       obtaining and reviewing the valuation reports
       HK$3,000 million as at 31 December 2023.                                prepared by the external valuers engaged by the
                                                                               Group;
       Management performs an impairment assessment of the
       carrying amount of concession operating rights when             •       assessing the external valuer’s qualifications,
       impairment indicators exist. Significant management                     experience and expertise and consider its objectivity
       judgement is required to determine the recoverable                      and independence;
       amounts of the concession operating rights. The Group
       engaged external valuer to perform valuation of the             •       involving our internal valuation specialists to assist us
       recoverable amounts of the concession operating rights as               in the assessment of the valuation methodology and
       at 31 December 2023 and which considered information                    discount rates adopted in the valuation; and
       from a variety sources such as expectations of future traffic
       volumes, expected future toll fee levels, length of operating   •       assessing the key assumptions adopted by
       rights, maintenance costs and discount rates.                           management in the calculation of value-in-use,
                                                                               including the expected future traffic volumes, toll
       The accounting policies and disclosures in relation to the              fee level projections, length of operating rights, and
       impairment of concession operating rights are included                  maintenance costs.
       in notes 4.9, 6.5 and 22 to the consolidated financial
       statements.



      OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
      The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
      included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
      of assurance conclusion thereon.


      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
      in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
      knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed,
      we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
      nothing to report in this regard.
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023      117
                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)




RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s
ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations
or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our
report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability
to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:


•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
       or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
       and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting
       from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
       misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.


•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
       related disclosures made by the directors.
118   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Independent Auditor’s Report (continued)




      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (continued)
      •        Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
               audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
               doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
               required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
               or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence
               obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
               to continue as a going concern.


      •        Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
               disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
               manner that achieves fair presentation.


      •        Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
               within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
               supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
      significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
      independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
      our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


      From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
      the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
      these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
      extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
      consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Mr. Wong Cheuk Keung.




      Ernst & Young
      Certified Public Accountants
      27/F, One Taikoo Place
      979 King’s Road
      Quarry Bay, Hong Kong


      21 March 2024
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023    119

                                  CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                   2023                  2022
                                                                Notes           HK$’000               HK$’000


Revenue                                                          7          113,734,013           101,975,265
Costs of sales                                                               (97,395,103)          (87,956,732)


Gross profit                                                                  16,338,910           14,018,533
Investment income, other income and other gains/(losses), net    9              647,339             1,577,205
Administrative, selling and other operating expenses                          (2,622,901)           (2,434,764)
Share of profits of
  Joint ventures                                                                629,969               275,196
  Associates                                                                    314,539               333,934
Finance costs                                                    10           (3,204,309)           (2,991,419)


Profit before tax                                                             12,103,547           10,778,685
Income tax expenses, net                                         12           (2,390,599)           (2,309,221)


Profit for the year                                              13            9,712,948            8,469,464


Profit for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                        9,164,045            7,956,876
  Holders of perpetual capital securities                                       304,788               295,824
  Non-controlling interests                                                     244,115               216,764


                                                                               9,712,948            8,469,464


Earnings per share (HK$)                                         15
  Basic                                                                             1.82                  1.58


  Diluted                                                                           1.82                  1.58
120   China State Construction International Holdings Limited



      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                             2023          2022
                                                                                         HK$’000       HK$’000


      Profit for the year                                                               9,712,948     8,469,464


      Other comprehensive (loss)/income
      Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods
        Loss on fair value changes of debt securities at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                                                            (99,090)      (97,783)
        Release of investment revaluation reserve to consolidated income statement
           upon disposal of debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive
           income                                                                           3,835         7,311
        Impairment loss on debt securities at fair value through other comprehensive
           income                                                                         117,782              –
        Exchange differences on translation of subsidiaries                             (2,205,690)   (3,122,734)
        Exchange differences on translation of joint ventures                            (448,910)    (1,209,852)
        Exchange differences on translation of associates                                  (86,535)    (212,060)
      Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods
        Gain on fair value changes of investment properties transferred from
           property, plant and equipment, net of tax                                             –       11,668


      Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax                                 (2,718,608)   (4,623,450)


      Total comprehensive income for the year                                           6,994,340     3,846,014


      Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                                           6,512,094     3,458,767
        Holders of perpetual capital securities                                           304,788       295,824
        Non-controlling interests                                                         177,458        91,423


                                                                                        6,994,340     3,846,014
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023   121

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                    As at 31 December 2023




                                                                                   2023                 2022
                                                                     Notes      HK$’000              HK$’000


Non-current Assets
 Property, plant and equipment                                        16       5,664,826           4,869,816
 Right-of-use assets                                                  17        600,332              570,025
 Investment properties                                                18       6,923,849           7,080,272
 Interests in infrastructure project investments                      19       3,651,302           4,742,261
 Interests in joint ventures                                         20(a)    16,916,238          16,771,131
 Interests in associates                                              21       6,116,328           7,482,593
 Concession operating rights                                          22       3,066,257           3,328,066
 Deferred tax assets                                                  23        123,170              119,698
 Trademark, project backlogs and licences                             24        216,116              237,361
 Goodwill                                                             24        577,664              577,664
 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income    25        388,709              545,886
 Amounts due from investee companies                                  26        222,047              231,481
 Trade and other receivables                                          27      55,600,846          53,285,839
 Loans to joint ventures                                              28       1,283,721             827,673


                                                                             101,351,405         100,669,766


Current Assets
 Interests in infrastructure project investments                      19        525,589              471,693
 Inventories                                                          29        522,852              590,246
 Properties under development                                         30       6,289,737           6,827,851
 Properties held for sale                                                      4,078,986           1,567,758
 Contract assets                                                      31      21,593,655          18,777,148
 Trade and other receivables                                          27      75,414,120          65,830,023
 Deposits and prepayments                                                       970,266              877,898
 Loan to a joint venture                                              28               –             340,727
 Amounts due from joint ventures                                      28       8,989,059           8,307,400
 Amounts due from associates                                          32        564,697              318,675
 Amounts due from related companies                                   33        106,870              200,620
 Tax recoverable                                                                404,560              188,825
 Bank balances and cash                                               34      28,462,889          23,881,499


                                                                             147,923,280         128,180,363
122   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (continued)
      As at 31 December 2023




                                                                                  2023          2022
                                                                Notes          HK$’000       HK$’000


      Current Liabilities
       Contract liabilities                                      31           9,926,742     8,503,090
       Trade payables, other payables and accruals               35          74,884,549    69,736,719
       Deposits received                                                         49,129        53,164
       Amounts due to joint ventures                             28           1,184,331       840,486
       Amounts due to associates                                 32             134,637        58,438
       Amounts due to related companies                          33             352,565       455,618
       Tax payables                                                           6,136,831     5,481,524
       Bank borrowings                                           36          16,515,007    13,719,657
       Guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds              41           2,753,304     2,980,184
       Loans from a fellow subsidiary                            37             660,793       909,091
       Loan from a joint venture                                 43           2,643,172             –
       Lease liabilities                                         17             114,435        86,671


                                                                            115,355,495   102,824,642


      Net Current Assets                                                     32,567,785    25,355,721


      Total Assets less Current Liabilities                                 133,919,190   126,025,487


      Capital and Reserves
       Share capital                                             38             125,940       125,940
       Share premium and reserves                                39          61,597,479    57,664,221


        Equity attributable to owners of the Company                         61,723,419    57,790,161
        Perpetual capital securities                             40          10,017,782     7,801,154
        Non-controlling interests                                             2,536,418     2,205,139


                                                                             74,277,619    67,796,454


      Non-current Liabilities
       Bank borrowings                                           36          51,310,456    45,457,207
       Guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds              41           7,008,591     8,760,252
       Contract liabilities                                      31             591,473       663,898
       Defined benefit obligations                               42              23,555             –
       Deferred tax liabilities                                  23             590,736       508,208
       Loan from a joint venture                                 43                   –     2,727,273
       Lease liabilities                                         17             116,760       112,195


                                                                             59,641,571    58,229,033


                                                                            133,919,190   126,025,487


      On behalf of the Board




                                  Zhang Haipeng                         Wang Xiaoguang
                                       Director                             Director
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023       123

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                    Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                       Share                           Perpetual          Non-
                                                       Share    premium and                              capital    controlling
                                                      capital       reserves             Total         securities     interests        Total
                                                    HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000
                                                    (Note 38)      (Note 39)                           (Note 40)


At 1 January 2022                                   125,940       56,320,225       56,446,165         7,793,930     1,976,176     66,216,271


Profit for the year                                        –       7,956,876         7,956,876          295,824       216,764      8,469,464
Loss on fair value changes of debt securities
  at fair value through other comprehensive
  income                                                   –          (97,783)         (97,783)                –             –       (97,783)
Release of investment revaluation reserve
  to consolidated income statement upon
  disposal of debt securities at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                       –           7,311                7,311              –             –         7,311
Gain on fair value changes of investment
  properties transferred from property,
  plant and equipment, net of tax                          –           8,470                8,470              –        3,198        11,668
Exchange differences on translation of
  subsidiaries                                             –       (2,994,195)      (2,994,195)                –     (128,539)    (3,122,734)
Exchange differences on translation of
  joint ventures                                           –       (1,209,852)      (1,209,852)                –             –    (1,209,852)
Exchange differences on translation of
  associates                                               –        (212,060)         (212,060)                –             –      (212,060)


Total comprehensive income for the year                    –       3,458,767         3,458,767          295,824        91,423      3,846,014


Capital contribution relating to share-based
   payment borne by an intermediate holding
   company (Note 44)                                       –          32,990            32,990                 –        1,137        34,127
Contribution from non-controlling interests of
   subsidiaries                                            –                –                   –             –        77,419         77,419
Distribution paid on perpetual capital securities          –                –                   –      (288,600)            –       (288,600)
Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders
   of subsidiaries                                         –                –                   –              –      (67,563)       (67,563)
Disposal of partial interest in a subsidiary
   (Note 39(e))                                            –           92,481           92,481                 –      126,547        219,028
2021 final dividend paid                                   –       (1,032,711)      (1,032,711)                –            –     (1,032,711)
2022 interim dividend paid                                 –       (1,209,028)      (1,209,028)                –            –     (1,209,028)
Unclaimed dividends forfeited                              –            1,497            1,497                 –            –          1,497


Total transactions with owners, recognised
  directly in equity                                       –       (2,114,771)      (2,114,771)        (288,600)      137,540     (2,265,831)


At 31 December 2022                                 125,940       57,664,221       57,790,161         7,801,154     2,205,139     67,796,454
124   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                           Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                  Share                  Perpetual           Non-
                                                               Share      premium and                       capital    controlling
                                                              capital          reserves        Total     securities      interests       Total
                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000
                                                            (Note 38)         (Note 39)                   (Note 40)


      At 1 January 2023                                         125,940     57,664,221     57,790,161     7,801,154     2,205,139    67,796,454


      Profit for the year                                             –      9,164,045      9,164,045      304,788        244,115     9,712,948
      Loss on fair value changes of debt securities
        at fair value through other comprehensive
        income                                                        –         (99,090)      (99,090)            –             –       (99,090)
      Release of investment revaluation reserve
        to consolidated income statement upon
        disposal of debt securities at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                            –          3,835          3,835             –             –         3,835
      Impairment loss on debt securities at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                            –        117,782       117,782              –             –      117,782
      Exchange differences on translation of
        subsidiaries                                                  –      (2,139,033)   (2,139,033)            –       (66,657)   (2,205,690)
      Exchange differences on translation of
        joint ventures                                                –       (448,910)      (448,910)            –             –      (448,910)
      Exchange differences on translation of
        associates                                                    –         (86,535)      (86,535)            –             –       (86,535)


      Total comprehensive income for the year                         –      6,512,094      6,512,094      304,788        177,458     6,994,340


      Issuance of perpetual capital securities                        –               –             –     2,200,440             –     2,200,440
      Capital contribution relating to share-based
         payment borne by an intermediate holding
         company (Note 44)                                            –          6,037          6,037             –           533         6,570
      Contribution from non-controlling interests of
         subsidiaries                                                 –               –             –             –       205,360       205,360
      Distribution paid on perpetual capital securities               –               –             –      (288,600)            –      (288,600)
      Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders
         of a subsidiary                                              –               –             –             –       (52,072)      (52,072)
      2022 final dividend paid                                        –      (1,209,028)   (1,209,028)            –             –    (1,209,028)
      2023 interim dividend paid                                      –      (1,385,345)   (1,385,345)            –             –    (1,385,345)
      Transfer to special reserve                                     –           9,500         9,500             –             –         9,500


      Total transactions with owners, recognised
        directly in equity                                            –      (2,578,836)   (2,578,836)    1,911,840       153,821      (513,175)


      At 31 December 2023                                       125,940     61,597,479     61,723,419    10,017,782     2,536,418    74,277,619
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023       125

             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                       2023                  2022
                                                                                    HK$’000               HK$’000


Operating activities
Profit before tax                                                                 12,103,547           10,778,685
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                                    3,204,309             2,991,419
  Interest income                                                                   (297,957)             (320,560)
  Dividend income                                                                    (21,454)                (7,223)
  Gain on fair value changes of investment properties, net                          (305,778)             (221,817)
  Revaluation gain upon transfer from properties held for sale to
     investment properties                                                          (121,144)               (85,154)
  Revaluation gain upon transfer from properties under development to
     investment properties                                                                 –              (467,034)
  Gain on disposal of property, plant and equipment, net                              (5,241)                (5,071)
  Loss/(gain) on disposal of financial assets at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                                             14,871                  (1,625)
  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                         –                (38,351)
  Gain on disposal of a joint venture                                                      –              (189,472)
  Gain on disposal of an associate                                                   (33,143)               (80,654)
  Share of profits of joint ventures                                                (629,969)             (275,196)
  Share of profits of associates                                                    (314,539)             (333,934)
  Exchange losses, net                                                                     –                      31
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                      552,543               402,007
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                122,071                 99,726
  Amortisation of concession operating rights                                        161,674               168,262
  Amortisation of trademark and licences                                              17,424                 17,693
  Allowance for doubtful debts on trade and other receivables, net                    93,046                 37,697
  Impairment of debt securities at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                                           117,782                       –
  Share-based payment                                                                 6,570                  34,127
  Provision for defined benefit obligations                                          23,555                       –


Operating cash flows before working capital changes                               14,688,167           12,503,556
Decrease/(increase) in income receivables from infrastructure project
   investments                                                                     1,052,362                 (39,038)
Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                    55,310               (245,048)
Increase in properties under development                                          (3,432,302)            (2,841,743)
Decrease in properties held for sale                                               1,045,081                240,298
Changes in net balances in contract assets/liabilities                            (1,602,777)            (6,768,146)
Increase in trade and other receivables                                          (16,236,180)          (13,972,263)
(Increase)/decrease in deposits and prepayments                                     (108,146)               209,494
Increase in trade payables, other payables and accruals                            6,881,170            13,192,930
Decrease in deposits received                                                         (3,316)                  (8,349)


Net cash from operations                                                           2,339,369             2,271,691
Income taxes paid                                                                 (1,891,387)           (2,233,627)
Income taxes refunded                                                                 53,012               174,055


Net cash from operating activities                                                  500,994                212,119
126   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                  2023           2022
                                                                               HK$’000        HK$’000


      Investing activities
      Interest received                                                          283,783       241,247
      Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                (562,479)     (362,863)
      Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                     52,594         29,455
      Proceeds from disposal of a subsidiary                                           –       427,291
      Net movement of current accounts with joint ventures                       (88,262)   (2,128,311)
      Net movement of loans to joint ventures                                   (134,243)      320,840
      Increase in investments in joint ventures                                 (471,806)     (677,700)
      Proceeds from disposal of a joint venture                                        –       965,328
      Dividends received from joint ventures                                     507,758       249,987
      Net movement of current accounts with associates                            78,000      (368,277)
      Decrease in investments in associates                                      752,520       964,412
      Proceeds from disposal of an associate                                     499,131       370,930
      Dividends received from associates                                         110,737       590,818
      Net movement of current accounts with related companies                    (90,397)       (89,367)
      Repayment from an investee company                                           9,434              –
      Purchases of investment properties                                        (146,703)             –
      Payments for right-of-use assets                                            (2,942)             –
      Proceeds from disposal of partial interest in a subsidiary                       –       219,028
      Purchase of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
         income                                                                        –       (82,156)
      Dividends received from equity securities at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                                    21,454          7,223
      Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                                    46,938       140,507
      Decrease/(increase) in pledged bank deposits and non-pledged time
         deposits with original maturity of over three months                   308,073       (317,549)


      Net cash from investing activities                                       1,173,590      500,843
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023      127
                              Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (continued)
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                 Notes              2023                  2022
                                                                                 HK$’000               HK$’000


Financing activities
Finance costs paid                                                             (3,308,833)            (3,040,000)
Dividends paid to owners of the Company                                        (2,594,373)            (2,241,739)
Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries                    (52,072)                (67,563)
Contribution from non-controlling interests                                       205,360                  77,419
Proceeds from issuance of perpetual capital securities, net                     2,200,440                       –
Distribution paid on perpetual capital securities                                (288,600)              (288,600)
Proceeds from issuance of corporate bonds, net                    45            1,230,425              4,112,808
Redemption of guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds        45           (2,796,421)            (4,290,000)
New bank borrowings raised                                        45           34,695,271            26,370,908
Repayment of bank borrowings                                      45          (24,384,823)          (21,297,486)
Net (repayment of loans)/loans from a fellow subsidiary           45             (223,714)               232,082
Principal elements of lease payments                              45             (134,273)                (94,847)


Net cash from/(used in) financing activities                                    4,548,387              (527,018)


Increase in cash and cash equivalents                                           6,222,971               185,944
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                         23,501,181           24,339,871
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                        (1,332,514)           (1,024,634)


Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                               28,391,638           23,501,181


Analysis of the balances of cash and cash equivalents
Bank balances and cash                                                         28,462,889           23,881,499
Less: Pledged bank deposits                                                       (66,451)               (6,367)
      Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of
        over three months                                                          (4,800)             (373,951)


                                                                               28,391,638           23,501,181
128   China State Construction International Holdings Limited



      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      1.       GENERAL INFORMATION
               China State Construction International Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is a public limited company incorporated
               in the Cayman Islands and its shares are listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
               (the “SEHK”) with effect from 8 July 2005. Its immediate holding company is China Overseas Holdings Limited, a
               company incorporated in Hong Kong. Its intermediate holding company and its ultimate holding company are China
               State Construction Engineering Corporation Limited (“CSCECL”), a joint stock company with its shares listed on the
               Shanghai Stock Exchange, and China State Construction Engineering Corporation (“CSCEC”), respectively, both
               of which are established in the People’s Republic of China (“China”) and controlled by the government of Chinese
               mainland (“PRC government”). The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company
               are Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, The Cayman Islands and 28th Floor,
               China Overseas Building, 139 Hennessy Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, respectively.


               The principal activities of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) are the
               construction business, infrastructure project investments, toll road operation, project consultancy services and facade
               contracting business. The principal activities of its principal subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are set out in
               notes 51, 20(a) and 21 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.


               The consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”) and all values are rounded to the
               nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated. The consolidated financial statements have been approved and
               authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 21 March 2024.


      2.       BASIS OF PREPARATION
               The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial
               Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong Accounting
               Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the
               “HKICPA”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The consolidated financial
               statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, as modified by the revaluation of financial assets
               at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) and investment properties, which are carried at fair value.


               The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires the use of certain critical
               accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s
               accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions
               and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in note 6.
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023      129
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.   APPLICATION OF NEW STANDARD AND AMENDMENTS TO
     EXISTING STANDARDS
     (a)    The adoption of new standard and amendments to existing standards

            In the current year, the Group has adopted the following new standard and amendments to existing standards
            (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “new and revised HKFRSs”) issued by the HKICPA.


            HKFRS 17                              Insurance Contracts
            Amendments to HKAS 1 and              Disclosure of Accounting Policies
              HKFRS Practice Statement 2
            Amendments to HKAS 8                  Definition of Accounting Estimates
            Amendments to HKAS 12                 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                                                      Transaction
            Amendments to HKAS 12                 International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules


            The application of the above new and revised HKFRSs in the current year has had no material impact on the
            Group’s results and financial position.


            Amendments to HKAS 12 International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules introduce a mandatory
            temporary exception from the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the implementation
            of the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
            The amendments also introduce disclosure requirements for the affected entities to help users of the financial
            statements better understand the entities’ exposure to Pillar Two income taxes, including the disclosure of
            current tax related to Pillar Two income taxes separately in the periods when Pillar Two legislation is effective
            and the disclosure of known or reasonably estimable information of their exposure to Pillar Two income taxes
            in periods in which the legislation is enacted or substantively enacted but not yet in effect. The Group has
            applied the amendments and the mandatory temporary exception retrospectively. There is no material impact
            on the Group because the entities comprising the Group are operating in jurisdictions where the Pillar Two tax
            law is not enacted, and for those jurisdictions where it has been enacted, it does not have a material impact
            on the Group. The Group will disclose known or reasonably estimable information related to its exposure to
            Pillar Two income taxes in the consolidated financial statements by the time when the Pillar Two tax law has
            been enacted or substantively enacted and will disclose separately the current tax expense or income related
            to Pillar Two income taxes when it is in effect.
130   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      3.       APPLICATION OF NEW STANDARD AND AMENDMENTS TO
               EXISTING STANDARDS (continued)
               (b)      Amendments to existing standards not yet effective

                        The Group has not early adopted the following amendments to existing standards that have been issued but
                        are not yet effective.


                        Amendments to HKFRS 10 and              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or
                            HKAS 28                                Joint Venture3
                        Amendments to HKFRS 16                  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback1
                        Amendments to HKAS 1                    Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the “2020
                                                                   Amendments”)1,4
                        Amendments to HKAS 1                    Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)1,4
                        Amendments to HKAS 7 and                Supplier Finance Arrangements1
                            HKFRS 7
                        Amendments to HKAS 21                   Lack of Exchangeability2

                        1
                                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
                        2
                                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
                        3
                                 No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
                        4
                                 As a consequence of the 2020 Amendments and 2022 Amendments, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation
                                 of Financial Statements – Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand
                                 Clause was revised to align the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion


                        The Group will adopt the above amendments to existing standards as and when they become effective. None
                        of the above is expected to have a significant effect on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.


      4.       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
               4.1      Consolidation

                        The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and all its subsidiaries
                        made up to 31 December 2023.


                        (a)      Subsidiaries

                                 Subsidiaries are entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group
                                 controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable risks and returns from its
                                 involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity.
                                 Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the control is transferred to the Group. They are
                                 deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023       131
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.1    Consolidation (continued)

            (a)   Subsidiaries (continued)

                  Business combinations – common control combinations

                  Business combinations under common control are accounted for in accordance with the Accounting
                  Guideline 5 “Merger Accounting for Common Control Combinations”. In applying merger accounting,
                  the consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements items of the combining
                  entities or businesses in which the common control combination occurs as if they had been combined
                  from the date when the combining entities or businesses first came under the control of the controlling
                  party.


                  The net assets of the combining entities or businesses are consolidated using the existing book values
                  from the controlling party’s perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or excess
                  of acquirer’s interest in the net fair value of acquiree’s identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent
                  liabilities over cost at the time of common control combination, to the extent of the continuation of the
                  controlling party’s interest.


                  The consolidated income statement includes the results of each of the combining entities or
                  businesses from the earliest date presented or since the date when the combining entities or
                  businesses first came under the common control, where this is a shorter period, regardless of the date
                  of the common control combination.


                  The consolidated income statement also takes into account the profit or loss attributable to the non-
                  controlling interests of the controlling party. Upon the completion of common control combinations, the
                  retained profit of the combining entities or business is transferred to the retained profits of the Group.


                  The comparative amounts in the consolidated financial statements are presented as if the entities or
                  businesses had been combined at the beginning of the previous reporting period or when they first
                  came under common control, whichever is shorter.


                  Business combinations – acquisition method

                  The Group applies the acquisition method to account for business combinations other than common
                  control combinations. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values
                  of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity
                  interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset
                  or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and
                  liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair
                  values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquiree on an
                  acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership
                  interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the entity’s net assets in the event of
                  liquidation are measured at either fair value or the present ownership interests’ proportionate share
                  in the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-
                  controlling interests are measured at their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement
                  basis is required by HKFRS.
132   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
               4.1      Consolidation (continued)

                        (a)      Subsidiaries (continued)

                                 Business combinations – acquisition method (continued)

                                 Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.


                                 The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets
                                 includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create
                                 outputs.


                                 If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s
                                 previously held equity interest in the acquiree is re-measured to fair value at the acquisition date; any
                                 gains or losses arising from such re-measurement are recognised in consolidated income statement.


                                 The excess of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree
                                 and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of
                                 the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total of consideration transferred,
                                 non-controlling interest recognised and previously held interest measured is less than the fair value
                                 of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired in the case of a bargain purchase, the difference is
                                 recognised directly in the consolidated income statement.


                                 Intra-group transactions, balances, and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies
                                 are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
                                 impairment of the transferred asset. When necessary, amounts reported by subsidiaries have been
                                 adjusted to conform to the Group’s accounting policies.


                                 Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control

                                 Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted for as
                                 equity transactions – that is, as transactions with the owners in their capacity as owners. The difference
                                 between fair value of any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying value
                                 of net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals to non-controlling
                                 interests are also recorded in equity.


                                 Disposal of subsidiaries

                                 When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is re-measured to its fair
                                 value at the date when control is lost, with the change in carrying amount recognised in consolidated
                                 income statement. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently
                                 accounting for the retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any
                                 amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) in respect of that entity are
                                 accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean
                                 that amounts previously recognised in OCI are reclassified to consolidated income statement.
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023       133
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.1    Consolidation (continued)

            (a)   Subsidiaries (continued)

                  Separate financial statements

                  In the Company’s statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost
                  less impairment. Cost also includes direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries
                  are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.


                  Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving dividends from these
                  investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                  dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements
                  exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets
                  including goodwill.


            (b)   Associates

                  Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control, generally
                  accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in
                  associates are accounted for using the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method,
                  the investment is initially recognised at cost, and the carrying amount is increased or decreased to
                  recognise the investor’s share of the profit or loss of the investee after the date of acquisition. The
                  Group’s investment in associates includes goodwill identified on acquisition. Upon the acquisition
                  of the ownership interest in an associate, any difference between the cost of the associate and the
                  Group’s share of the net fair value of the associate’s identifiable assets and liabilities is accounted for as
                  goodwill.


                  If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a
                  proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in OCI is reclassified to consolidated income
                  statement where appropriate.


                  The Group’s share of post-acquisition profit or loss is recognised in the consolidated income
                  statement, and its share of post-acquisition movements in OCI is recognised in OCI with a
                  corresponding adjustment to the carrying amount of the investment. When the Group’s share of losses
                  in an associate equals or exceeds its interest in the associate (which include any long-term interests
                  that, in substance, form part of the Group’s net investment in the associates), including any other
                  unsecured receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred legal or
                  constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.


                  The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the
                  investment in the associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of
                  impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value
                  and recognises the amount adjacent to “share of profits of associates” in the consolidated income
                  statement.
134   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
               4.1      Consolidation (continued)

                        (b)      Associates (continued)

                                 Profits and losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions between the Group and
                                 its associate are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial statements only to the extent of
                                 unrelated investor’s interests in the associates. Unrealised losses are eliminated unless the transaction
                                 provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of associates have
                                 been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


                                 Gains and losses on dilution of equity interest in associates are recognised in the consolidated income
                                 statement.


                        (c)      Joint arrangements

                                 Under HKFRS 11, investments in joint arrangements are classified as either joint operations or joint
                                 ventures depending on the contractual rights and obligations each investor has rather than the legal
                                 structure of the joint arrangement.


                                 Joint ventures

                                 A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the
                                 arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed
                                 sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities
                                 require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.


                                 Under the equity method of accounting, interests in joint ventures are initially recognised at cost
                                 and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses and
                                 movements in OCI. When the Group’s share of losses in a joint venture equals or exceeds its interests
                                 in the joint ventures (which include any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s
                                 net investment in the joint ventures), the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has
                                 incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint ventures.


                                 The Group’s investments in joint ventures include goodwill identified on acquisition. Upon the
                                 acquisition of the ownership interest in a joint venture, any difference between the cost of the joint
                                 venture and the Group’s share of the net fair value of the joint venture’s identifiable assets and liabilities
                                 is accounted for goodwill.


                                 Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its joint ventures are eliminated to the extent
                                 of the Group’s interest in the joint ventures. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction
                                 provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of the joint ventures
                                 have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        135
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.1    Consolidation (continued)

            (c)    Joint arrangements (continued)

                   Joint operations

                   Joint operations arise where the investors have rights to the assets and obligations for the liabilities
                   of an arrangement. Investments in joint operations are accounted for such that each joint operator
                   recognises its assets (including its share of any assets jointly held), its liabilities (including its share of
                   any liabilities incurred jointly), its revenue (including its share of revenue from the sale of the output
                   by the joint operation) and its expenses (including its share of any expenses incurred jointly). Each
                   joint operator accounts for the assets and liabilities, as well as revenues and expenses, relating to its
                   interest in the joint operation in accordance with the applicable standards.


     4.2    Segment reporting

            Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
            operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources
            and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the
            Company that make strategic decisions.


     4.3    Foreign currency translation

            (a)    Functional and presentation currency

                   Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
                   currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”).
                   The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Company’s functional and
                   the Group’s presentation currency.


            (b)    Transactions and balances

                   Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                   at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of
                   such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
                   currencies at year end exchange rates are generally recognised in consolidated income statement.
                   They are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net investment
                   hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign operation.


                   Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the
                   exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. Translation differences on assets and
                   liabilities carried at fair value are reported as part of the fair value gain or loss. For example, translation
                   differences on non-monetary assets and liabilities such as equities held at fair value through profit
                   or loss are recognised in consolidated income statement as part of the fair value gain or loss and
                   translation differences on non-monetary assets such as equities classified as FVOCI are recognised in
                   OCI.
136   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
               4.3      Foreign currency translation (continued)

                        (c)      Group companies

                                 The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyper-
                                 inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
                                 translated into the presentation currency as follows:


                                 (i)      assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the
                                          closing rate at the end of the reporting period;


                                 (ii)     income and expenses for each statement presenting profit or loss and other comprehensive
                                          income are translated at average exchange rate (unless this average is not a reasonable
                                          approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates in which
                                          case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the transactions); and


                                 (iii)    all resulting exchange differences are recognised in OCI.


                                 Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets
                                 and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate. Exchange differences arising are
                                 recognised in OCI.


                        (d)      Disposal of foreign operation and partial disposal

                                 On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in a foreign
                                 operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation,
                                 a disposal involving loss of joint control over a joint venture that includes a foreign operation, or a
                                 disposal involving loss of significant influence over an associate that includes a foreign operation), all of
                                 the currency translation differences accumulated in equity in respect of that operation attributable to
                                 the owners of the Company are reclassified to consolidated income statement.


                                 In the case of a partial disposal that does not result in the Group losing control over a subsidiary that
                                 includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of accumulated currency translation differences
                                 are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised in consolidated income statement.
                                 For all other partial disposal (that is, reductions in the Group’s ownership interest in associates or joint
                                 ventures that do not result in the Group losing significant influence or joint control) the proportionate
                                 share of the accumulated exchange difference is reclassified to consolidated income statement.
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023       137
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.4    Property, plant and equipment

            Land and buildings comprise mainly factories and offices. Property, plant and equipment is stated at historical
            cost less accumulated depreciation. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the
            acquisition of the items.


            Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as
            appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to
            the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced part is
            derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated income statement during
            the financial period in which they are incurred.


            Depreciation on other assets is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost to their residual
            values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:


            Freehold land                                 Not depreciated
            Land and buildings                            Over the shorter of the term of the relevant leases or 50 years
            Heat and electricity supply facilities        Over the shorter of the licence operation period or 20 years
            Machinery                                     3 to 10 years
            Furniture, fixtures and equipment             3 to 8 years
              and motor vehicles


            The assets’ residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at
            the end of each reporting period.


            An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
            amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.


            Construction in progress represents buildings, heat and electricity supply facilities under construction and
            machinery pending installation, and is stated at cost less impairment losses. It will be reclassified to the
            relevant property, plant and equipment category upon completion and depreciation begins when the relevant
            assets are available for use.


            Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
            recognised in the consolidated income statement.
138   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
               4.5      Leases

                        (a)      The Group as a lessee

                                 Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the
                                 leased asset is available for use by the Group.


                                 Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates the consideration
                                 in the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on their relative stand-alone prices.
                                 However, for leases of real estate for which the Group is a lessee, it has elected not to separate lease
                                 and non-lease components and instead accounts for these as a single lease component.


                                 Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities
                                 include the net present value of the following lease payments:


                                 •        fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;


                                 •        variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index
                                          or rate as at the commencement date;


                                 •        amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;


                                 •        the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that
                                          option; and


                                 •        payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising
                                          that option.


                                 Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the
                                 measurement of the liability.


                                 The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot
                                 be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental
                                 borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the
                                 funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic
                                 environment with similar terms, security and conditions.


                                 To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:


                                 •        where possible, uses recent third party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting
                                          point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was
                                          received;


                                 •        uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for
                                          leases held by the Group, which does not have recent third party financing; and


                                 •        makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023      139
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.5    Leases (continued)

            (a)   The Group as a lessee (continued)

                  The Group is exposed to potential future increases in variable lease payments based on an index
                  or rate, which are not included in the lease liability until they take effect. When adjustments to lease
                  payments based on an index or rate taken effect, the lease liability is reassessed and adjusted against
                  the right-of-use asset.


                  Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to
                  consolidated income statement over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of
                  interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.


                  Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:


                  •      the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;


                  •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives
                         received;


                  •      any initial direct costs; and


                  •      restoration costs.


                  Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease
                  term on a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-
                  of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.


                  Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases of low-value
                  assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in consolidated income statement.
                  Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of twelve months or less. Low-value assets comprise
                  information technology equipment and small items of office furniture.


            (b)   The Group as a lessor

                  Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised as income on a
                  straight-line basis over the lease term. Initial direct costs incurred in obtaining an operating lease are
                  added to the carrying amount of the underlying asset and recognised as expense over the lease term
                  on the same basis as lease income. The respective leased assets are included in the statement of
                  financial position based on their nature.
140   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
               4.6      Investment properties

                        Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.


                        Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure. After initial
                        recognition, investment properties are carried at fair value, representing open market value determined at each
                        reporting date by external valuers. Fair value is based on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any
                        difference in the nature, location or condition of the specific asset. If the information is not available, the Group
                        uses alternative valuation methods such as recent prices on less active markets or discounted cash flow
                        projections. Changes in fair values are recorded in the consolidated income statement as part of a valuation
                        gain or loss in “investment income, other income and other gains/(losses), net”.


                        An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
                        withdrawn from use or no future economic benefits are expected from its disposals. Any gain or loss arising
                        on derecognition of the assets (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the
                        carrying amount of the asset) is included in consolidated income statement in the period in which the item is
                        derecognised.


                        For a transfer from investment properties to owner-occupied properties, the deemed cost of a property for
                        subsequent accounting is its fair value at the date of change in use. If a property occupied by the Group
                        as an owner-occupied property becomes an investment property, the Group accounts for such property in
                        accordance with the policy stated under “Property, plant and equipment” up to the date of change in use,
                        and any difference at that date between the carrying amount and the fair value of the property is dealt with as
                        movement in the asset revaluation reserve.


                        The Group transfers a property from properties held for sale/under development to investment property when
                        there is a change in use to hold the property to earn rentals or/and for capital appreciation rather than for sale
                        in the ordinary course of business, which is evidenced by the inception of an operating lease to another party.
                        Any difference between the fair value of the property at the date of transfer and its previous carrying amount is
                        recognised in the consolidated income statement.


                        Construction costs incurred for investment properties under construction are capitalised as part of the carrying
                        amount of the investment properties under construction.


               4.7      Interests in infrastructure project investments

                        Interests in infrastructure project investments represent loans advanced to joint ventures whereby the Group’s
                        return is predetermined in accordance with the provisions of the relevant agreements.


                        The Group’s interests in the infrastructure project investments are classified as financial asset measured at
                        amortised cost in accordance with HKFRS 9 and are stated at amortised cost using effective interest method.
                        The carrying amount of such interests is reduced to recognise any identified impairment losses of individual
                        investments.
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023       141
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.8    Services concession arrangements

            (a)   Consideration given by the grantor

                  A financial asset is recognised to the extent that (i) the Group has an unconditional right to receive cash
                  or another financial asset from or at the direction of the grantor for the construction services rendered;
                  and (ii) the grantor has little, if any, discretion to avoid payment, usually because the agreement is
                  enforceable by law.


                  The Group has an unconditional right to receive cash if the grantor contractually guarantees to pay the
                  Group (i) specified or determinable amounts or (ii) the shortfall, if any, between amounts received from
                  users of the public service and specified or determinable amounts, even if the payment is contingent
                  on the Group ensuring that the infrastructure meets specified quality of efficiency requirements. The
                  financial asset is accounted for in accordance with the policy set out for debt securities at amortised
                  costs under “Investments and other financial assets” below.


                  An intangible asset (concession operating rights) is recognised to the extent that the Group receives a
                  right to charge users of the public service, which is not an unconditional right to receive cash because
                  the amounts are contingent on the extent that the public uses the service.


                  The intangible asset (concession operating rights) is accounted for in accordance with the policy
                  set out for “Intangible assets” below. If the Group is paid partly by a financial asset and partly by an
                  intangible asset, in which case, each component of the consideration is accounted for separately and
                  the consideration received or receivable for both components shall be recognised initially at the fair
                  value of the consideration received or receivable.


            (b)   Contractual obligations to restore the infrastructure to a specified level of serviceability

                  The Group has contractual obligations which it must fulfil as a condition of its rights, that is (i) to
                  maintain the toll roads it operates to a specified level of serviceability and/or (ii) to restore the toll
                  roads to a specified condition before they are handed over to the grantor at the end of the service
                  concession arrangement. These contractual obligations to maintain or restore the toll roads, except for
                  upgrade element, are recognised and measured in accordance with the policy set out for “Provisions”
                  below.
142   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
               4.9      Intangible assets

                        (a)      Goodwill

                                 Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries and represents the excess of the consideration
                                 transferred over the Group’s interest in net fair value of the net identifiable assets, liabilities and
                                 contingent liabilities of the acquiree and the fair value of the non-controlling interest in the acquiree.


                                 For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to
                                 cash-generating units (“CGU(s)”), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of
                                 the combination. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is allocated represents the lowest
                                 level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes. Goodwill is
                                 monitored at the operating segment level.


                                 Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes in
                                 circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of goodwill is compared to the
                                 recoverable amount, which is the higher of the value in use and the fair value less costs of disposal.
                                 Any impairment is recognised immediately as an expense and is not subsequently reversed.


                        (b)      Trademark, project backlogs and licences

                                 Separately acquired licences are shown at historical cost. Trademark and project backlogs acquired in
                                 a business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date.


                                 Trademark and project backlogs that have a definite useful life are carried at cost less accumulated
                                 amortisation. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of
                                 trademarks and project backlogs over their estimated useful lives of 20 years or specific contract
                                 period respectively.


                                 Licences that have indefinite useful lives are not amortised. They are subject to impairment testing
                                 annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate a potential impairment.
                                 Licence that has a definite useful life is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation. Amortisation is
                                 calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of licence over its estimated useful life of
                                 25 years.
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023      143
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.9    Intangible assets (continued)

            (c)   Concession operating rights

                  The Group applies the intangible asset model to account for toll expressways. The concession
                  grantors (the respective local governments) have not provided any contractual guarantees for the
                  recovery of the amounts of construction costs incurred. The intangible assets correspond to the rights
                  granted by the respective concession grantors to the Group to charge users of the toll road services
                  and are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position as “Concession operating rights”.


                  When the Group has a right to operate, and charge for usage of a toll expressway as a consideration
                  for providing construction services in a service concession arrangement, it recognises a concession
                  intangible asset at fair value upon initial recognition. The concession operating rights are carried at cost
                  less accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses.


                  Amortisation of concession operating rights is calculated to write off their costs, commencing from the
                  date of commencement of commercial operation of the underlying toll expressways to the end of the
                  respective concession periods of 30 years. The annual amortisation of concession operating rights is
                  calculated by using the straight-line method over the concession periods.


                  Gains or losses arising from derecognition of a concession operating right are measured as the
                  difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised
                  in the consolidated income statement in the period when the asset is derecognised.


     4.10 Investments and other financial assets

            (a)   Classification

                  The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:


                  •      those to be measured subsequently at FVOCI (debt);


                  •      those to be measured subsequently at FVOCI (equity); and


                  •      those to be measured at amortised cost.


                  The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                  contractual terms of the cash flows.


                  For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will be recorded in OCI. For investments in equity
                  securities that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable
                  election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity securities at FVOCI.


                  The Group reclassifies debt securities when and only when its business model for managing those
                  assets changes.
144   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
               4.10 Investments and other financial assets (continued)

                        (b)      Recognition and derecognition

                                 Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which
                                 the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to
                                 receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has
                                 transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.


                        (c)      Measurement

                                 At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial
                                 asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the
                                 acquisition of the financial asset.


                                 Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether
                                 their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.


                                 Debt securities

                                 Subsequent measurement of debt securities depends on the Group’s business model for managing
                                 the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are two measurement categories into
                                 which the Group classifies its debt securities:


                                 •        Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash
                                          flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost.
                                          Interest income from these financial assets is included in consolidated income statement using
                                          the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised
                                          directly in consolidated income statement.


                                 •        FVOCI (debt): Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the
                                          financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and
                                          interest, are measured at FVOCI (debt). Movements in the carrying amount are taken through
                                          OCI, except for the recognition of impairment losses or reversals, interest income and foreign
                                          exchange gains and losses which are recognised in consolidated income statement. When
                                          the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI is
                                          reclassified from equity to consolidated income statement. Interest income from these financial
                                          assets is included in consolidated income statement using the effective interest rate method.


                                 Equity securities

                                 The Group subsequently measures all equity securities at fair value. Where the Group’s management
                                 has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity securities in OCI, there is no subsequent
                                 reclassification of fair value gains and losses to consolidated income statement following the
                                 derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in
                                 consolidated income statement when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023       145
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.10 Investments and other financial assets (continued)

           (d)   Impairment

                 The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not
                 held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash
                 flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
                 discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will
                 include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the
                 contractual terms.


                 General approach

                 ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant
                 increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from
                 default events that are possible within the next twelve months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit
                 exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss
                 allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of
                 the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).


                 At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
                 increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the
                 risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
                 occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and
                 supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-
                 looking information.


                 For debt securities at FVOCI, the Group applies the low credit risk simplification. At each reporting
                 date, the Group evaluates whether the debt securities are considered to have low credit risk using all
                 reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort. In making that
                 evaluation, the Group reassesses the external credit ratings of the debt securities.


                 Debt securities at FVOCI and financial assets at amortised cost are subject to impairment under the
                 general approach and they are classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except
                 for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.


                 Stage 1            –          Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly
                                               since initial recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at
                                               an amount equal to 12-month ECLs


                 Stage 2            –          Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly
                                               since initial recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets
                                               and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                                               lifetime ECLs


                 Stage 3            –          Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that
                                               are not purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss
                                               allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
146   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
               4.10 Investments and other financial assets (continued)

                        (d)      Impairment (continued)

                                 Simplified approach

                                 For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or
                                 when the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing
                                 component, the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified
                                 approach, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance
                                 based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group determines the ECLs based on its historical
                                 credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic
                                 environment.


               4.11 Offsetting financial instruments

                        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount are reported in the consolidated statement of
                        financial position where there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is
                        an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally
                        enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of
                        business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the company or the counterparty.


               4.12 Impairment of non-financial assets

                        Assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment.
                        Assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
                        circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for
                        the amount by which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount
                        is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing
                        impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows.
                        Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the
                        impairment at the end of the reporting period.


               4.13 Inventories

                        Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises direct materials and, where
                        applicable, direct labour costs and those overheads that have been incurred in bringing the inventories to their
                        present location and condition. Cost is calculated using the weighted average method. Net realisable value
                        represents the estimated selling price less all estimated costs of completion and costs to be incurred in selling
                        expenses.


               4.14 Properties held for sale

                        Properties acquired for subsequent resale are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net
                        realisable value is determined by the management based on prevailing market conditions.
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023       147
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.15 Properties under development

          Properties under development comprise the cost of land, development expenditure and borrowing costs
          capitalised, and are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value takes into
          account the proceeds ultimately expected to be realised, less applicable variable selling expenses and the
          anticipated costs to complete. Upon completion, the properties are transferred to properties held for sale.
          Properties under development included in the current assets are expected to be realised in, or is intended for
          sale in the Group’s normal operating cycle.


     4.16 Amounts due from/to joint ventures, associates and related companies

          Amounts due from joint ventures, associates and related companies are recognised initially at fair value and
          subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment.


          Amounts due to joint ventures, associates and related companies are recognised initially at fair value and
          subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.


     4.17 Trade and other receivables

          Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for merchandise sold or services performed in the
          ordinary course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or
          in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are
          presented as non-current assets.


          Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost
          using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment.


     4.18 Cash and cash equivalents

          Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at
          banks, and short-term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily
          convertible into known amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the
          purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments.


          For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on
          hand and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on
          demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.


     4.19 Share capital

          Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or
          options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.
148   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
               4.20 Trade payables, other payables and accruals

                        Trade payables are obligations to pay for materials or services that have been acquired in the ordinary course
                        of business from suppliers. Trade payables, other payables and accruals are classified as current liabilities if
                        payment is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer). If not, they
                        are presented as non-current liabilities.


                        Trade payables, other payables and accruals are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured
                        at amortised cost using the effective interest method.


               4.21 Borrowings

                        Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
                        carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption
                        value is recognised in the consolidated income statement over the period of the borrowings using the effective
                        interest method.


               4.22 Borrowing costs

                        Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent
                        that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the
                        draw-down occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be
                        drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a pre-payment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the
                        facility to which it relates.


                        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement
                        of the liability for at least twelve months after the end of the reporting period.


                        Relevant general and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
                        production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get
                        ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are
                        substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary investment
                        of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs
                        eligible for capitalisation.


                        All other borrowing costs are recognised in consolidated income statement in the period in which they are
                        incurred.


                        Borrowing costs include interest expense, interest in respect of lease liability and exchange differences arising
                        from foreign currency borrowings to the extent that they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs.
                        The exchange gains and losses that are an adjustment to interest costs include the interest rate differential
                        between borrowing costs that would be incurred if the entity had borrowed funds in its functional currency,
                        and the borrowing costs actually incurred on foreign currency borrowings.
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023       149
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.22 Borrowing costs (continued)

          When the construction of the qualifying assets takes more than one accounting period, the amount of foreign
          exchange differences eligible for capitalisation is determined for each annual period and are limited to the
          difference between the hypothetical interest amount for the functional currency borrowings and the actual
          interest incurred for foreign currency borrowings. Foreign exchange differences that did not meet the criteria
          for capitalisation in previous years should not be capitalised in subsequent years.


     4.23 Taxation

          Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.


          Tax is recognised in the consolidated income statement, except to the extent that it relates to items
          recognised in OCI or directly in equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in OCI or directly in equity,
          respectively.


          The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at
          the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company’s subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates
          operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with
          respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions
          where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.


          Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between
          the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
          However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred
          income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction
          other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable
          profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary difference. Deferred income
          tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of
          the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the
          deferred income tax liability is settled.


          Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be
          available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.


          Deferred income tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries, associates
          and joint arrangements except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the reversal of the
          temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse
          in the foreseeable future.


          Deferred income tax assets are recognised on deductible temporary differences arising from investments in
          subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements only to the extent that it is probable the temporary difference
          will reverse in the future and there is sufficient taxable profit available against which the temporary difference
          can be utilised.
150   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
               4.23 Taxation (continued)

                        Deferred income tax assets are recognised to the extent that their future utilisation is probable. Deferred
                        income tax arising from revaluation of investment properties is recognised on the rebuttable presumption that
                        the recovery of the carrying amount of the properties would be through sale and calculated at the applicable
                        tax rates.


                        Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
                        against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes assets and liabilities relate to taxes levied
                        by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an
                        intention to settle the balances on a net basis.


               4.24 Provisions

                        Provisions for legal claims, service warranties and make good obligations are recognised when the Group
                        has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of
                        resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions are not
                        recognised for future operating losses.


                        Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
                        determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood
                        of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.


                        Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required
                        to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the
                        present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
                        risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest
                        expense.


               4.25 Employee benefits

                        (a)      Retirement benefits

                                 The Group participates in mandatory provident fund schemes in Hong Kong which are defined
                                 contribution plan generally funded through payments to trustee-administered funds. The assets of the
                                 scheme are held separately from those of the Group in independently administered funds.


                                 Pursuant to the relevant regulations of the government in Chinese mainland, the subsidiaries in Chinese
                                 mainland participate in the municipal government contribution scheme whereby the subsidiaries are
                                 required to contribute to the scheme for the retirement benefit of eligible employees. The municipal
                                 government of Chinese mainland is responsible for the entire benefit obligations payable to the
                                 retired employees. The only obligation of the Group with respect to the scheme is to pay the ongoing
                                 contributions required by the scheme. The Group’s contributions to the scheme are expensed as
                                 incurred.
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023   151
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.25 Employee benefits (continued)

          (b)   Employee leave entitlements

                Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to
                employees. A provision is made for the estimated liability for annual leave and long service leave as a
                result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period. Employee entitlements
                to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.


          (c)   Other employee benefits

                Defined benefit plans

                The Group’s statutory obligation to pay long service payment in Hong Kong is a defined benefit plan.
                The cost of providing benefits relating to long service payment is determined using the projected unit
                credit actuarial valuation method. The liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
                position in respect of long service payment is the net obligation, representing the present value of the
                future long service payment benefits reduced by entitlements from accrued benefits arising from MPF
                contributions made by the Group.


                Remeasurements arising from the defined benefit pension plans, comprising


                •        actuarial gains and losses; and


                •        investment returns associated with the MPF employer contributions and other experience
                         adjustments (excluding amounts included in net interest on the net defined benefit liability)


                are recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of financial position with a corresponding
                debit or credit to retained profits through other comprehensive income in the period in which they
                occur.


                Remeasurements are not reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods.


                Past service costs are recognised in profit or loss at the earlier of:


                •        the date of the plan amendment or curtailment; and


                •        the date that the Group recognises restructuring-related costs
152   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
               4.25 Employee benefits (continued)

                        (c)      Other employee benefits (continued)

                                 Defined benefit plans (continued)

                                 Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net defined benefit liability. The Group
                                 recognises the following changes in the net defined benefit obligation under “costs of sales” and
                                 “administrative, selling and other operating expenses” in the consolidated income statement by
                                 function:


                                 •        service costs comprising current service costs, past-service costs, gains and losses on
                                          curtailments and non-routine settlements


                                 •        net interest expense or income


               4.26 Share-based payments

                        (a)      Equity-settled share-based payment transactions

                                 The fair value of services received determined by reference to the fair value of share options granted
                                 at the grant date is expensed over the vesting period, with a corresponding increase in equity (share
                                 option reserve).


                                 At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options that
                                 are expected to ultimately vest. The impact of the revision of the original estimates during the vesting
                                 period, if any, is recognised in consolidated income statement such that the cumulative expense
                                 reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to share option reserve. When the share
                                 options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share option reserve will be transferred to
                                 share premium.


                                 When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry date,
                                 the amount previously recognised in share option reserve will be transferred to retained profits.


                        (b)      Share-based payment transactions among group entities

                                 Incentive shares granted by an intermediate holding company to the employees of the Group is treated
                                 as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by reference to the
                                 fair value of incentive shares on the date of grant, is recognised as an expense over the vesting period,
                                 with a corresponding credit to equity.


                                 At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of incentive
                                 shares that are expected to be vested. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is
                                 recognised in the consolidated income statement, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023       153
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.27 Revenue recognition

          Revenue is recognised when or as the control of the good or service is transferred to the customer.
          Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the good or service
          may be transferred over time or at a point in time. Control of the good or service is transferred over time if the
          Group’s performance:


          (a)    Provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;


          (b)    Creates or enhances an asset that the customer control as the Group performs; or


          (c)    Does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right
                 to payment for performance completed to date.


          If control of the good or service transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract by
          reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. Otherwise, revenue is
          recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the good or service.


          The progress towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation is measured based on one of the
          following methods that best depict the Group’s performance in satisfying the performance obligation:


          (a)    Direct measurements of the value transferred by the Group to the customer; or


          (b)    The Group’s efforts or inputs to the satisfaction of the performance obligation relative to the total
                 expected efforts or inputs (“input method”).


          Incremental costs incurred to obtain a contract, if recoverable, are capitalised as contract related assets and
          subsequently amortised when the related revenue is recognised.


          (a)    Revenue from contracts with customers

                 (i)     Revenue from construction contracts

                         Revenue from construction contracts is recognised when or as the construction projects are
                         transferred to the customer. Depending on the terms of the contracts and the laws that are
                         applicable to the contracts, control of the construction projects may transfer over time or at
                         a point in time. If (1) the Group creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as
                         the asset is created or enhanced, or (2) construction projects have no alternative use to the
                         Group contractually and the Group has an enforceable right to payment from the customers for
                         performance completed to date, the Group satisfies the performance obligation over time and
                         therefore, recognises revenue over time in accordance with the input method for measuring
                         progress.


                         The excess of cumulative revenue recognised in consolidated income statement over the
                         cumulative billings to customers is recognised as contract assets. The excess of cumulative
                         billings to customers over the cumulative revenue recognised in consolidated income statement
                         is recognised as contract liabilities.
154   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
               4.27 Revenue recognition (continued)

                        (a)      Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

                                 (ii)     Thermoelectricity business

                                          Revenue from thermoelectricity business consists of revenue from the supply of heat, steam
                                          and electricity, and connection service income.


                                          Revenue from the supply of heat, steam and electricity are recognised over time based upon
                                          output delivered and capacity provided at rates specified under contract terms.


                                          Connection service income received and receivable, to the extent which is attributable to the
                                          initial pipeline construction and connection of transmission of heat and steam, is recognised
                                          over time upon the completion of services provided for the relevant connection works.
                                          Connection service attributable to the continuing heat and steam transmission is recorded as
                                          contract liabilities and recognised on a straight-line basis over the expected service period of
                                          heat and steam transmission to be rendered with reference to the term of the operating licence
                                          of the relevant entities.


                                 (iii)    Toll revenue

                                          Toll revenue from road and bridge operations is recognised at the time when services are
                                          rendered.


                                 (iv)     Sales of goods

                                          Revenue from sales of goods are recognised at a point in time when goods are delivered and
                                          title has been passed.


                                 (v)      Services income

                                          Revenue from services income, including consultancy service incomes, commission income,
                                          technical service income and management service income, is recognised over time when the
                                          corresponding services are rendered.
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023       155
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.27 Revenue recognition (continued)

          (b)   Revenue from other sources

                (i)     Income from interests in infrastructure project investment

                        Income from interests in infrastructure project investment is accrued on a time basis, by making
                        reference to the carrying amount and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate
                        that exactly discounts estimated future cash flows through the expected life of the infrastructure
                        project to that project’s net carrying amount at initial recognition.


                (ii)    Lease of machinery

                        Income from lease of machinery is recognised on a straight-line basis over the terms of the
                        relevant leases.


                (iii)   Insurance income

                        Revenue from insurance service is recognised proportionally over the period of coverage.


                (iv)    Interest income generated from construction related investment projects

                        Interest income from construction related investment projects is recognised on an accrual
                        basis, making reference to the carrying amount and at the interest rate specified under contract
                        terms.


                (v)     Interest income

                        Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and debt securities at FVOCI (debt)
                        is calculated using the effective interest method is recognised in the consolidated income
                        statement as part of other income.


                        Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are
                        held for cash management purposes. Any other interest income is included in other income.


                        Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount
                        of a financial asset except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For
                        credit-impaired financial assets the effective interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount
                        of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).


                (vi)    Dividend income

                        Dividends are received from equity securities at FVOCI (equity). Dividends are recognised as
                        investment income, other income and other gains/(losses), net in the consolidated income
                        statement when the right to receive payment is established.
156   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
               4.27 Revenue recognition (continued)

                        (b)      Revenue from other sources (continued)

                                 (vii)    Rental income

                                          Rental income is recognised in the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over
                                          the lease term.


               4.28 Government grant

                        Government grant is recognised when the Group complied with prerequisite conditions and there is a
                        reasonable assurance that the grant will be received.


               4.29 Contingent liabilities and contingent assets

                        A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be
                        confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within
                        the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised
                        because it is not probable that outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of obligation
                        cannot be measured reliably.


                        A contingent liability, other than that assumed in a business combination, is not recognised but is disclosed in
                        the notes to the consolidated financial statements. When a change in the probability of an outflow occurs so
                        that outflow is probable, it will then be recognised as a provision.


                        A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only
                        by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of
                        the Group.


                        A contingent asset is not recognised but is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements
                        when an inflow of economic benefits is probable. When inflow is virtually certain, an asset is recognised.


               4.30 Insurance contracts

                        The Group assesses at the end of each reporting period the liabilities under its insurance contracts using
                        current estimates of future cash flows. If the carrying amount of the relevant insurance liabilities is less than the
                        best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the relevant insurance liabilities at the end of the reporting
                        period, the Group recognises the entire difference in the consolidated income statement. These estimates are
                        recognised only when the outflow is probable and the estimates can be reliably measured.
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023      157
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
     4.31 Dividends distribution

           Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.
           Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. Interim dividends
           are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles of association
           grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognised
           immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.


     4.32 Contract related assets and contract liabilities

           Upon entering into a contract with a customer, the Group obtains rights to receive consideration from the
           customer and assumes performance obligations to transfer goods or provide services to the customer.


           The combination of those rights and performance obligations gives rise to a net contract asset or a net
           contract liability depending on the relationship between the remaining rights and the performance obligations.
           The contract is an asset and recognised as contract assets if the cumulative revenue recognised in the
           consolidated income statement exceeds cumulative payments made by customers. Conversely, the contract
           is a liability and recognised as contract liabilities if the cumulative payments made by customers exceeds the
           revenue recognised in the consolidated income statement.


           Contract assets are assessed for impairment under the same approach adopted for impairment assessment
           of trade receivables. Contract liabilities are recognised as revenue when the Group transfers the goods or
           services to the customers and therefore satisfied its performance obligation.


           The incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer are capitalised and presented as contract
           related assets, if the Group expects to recover those costs, and are subsequently amortised on a systematic
           basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customers of the goods or services to which the assets relate.
           The Group recognises an impairment loss in the consolidated income statement to the extent that the carrying
           amount of the contract related assets recognised exceeds the remaining amounts of consideration that the
           Group expects to receive less the costs that relate directly to providing those goods or services that have not
           been recognised as expenses.


     4.33 Perpetual capital securities

           Perpetual capital securities with no contracted obligation to repay its principal or to pay any distribution are
           classified as part of equity.
158   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      4.       MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
               4.34 Related parties

                        A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


                        (a)      the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person


                                 (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;


                                 (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or


                                 (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


                        or


                        (b)      the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


                                 (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


                                 (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                                          subsidiary of the other entity);


                                 (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


                                 (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                                          entity;


                                 (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                                          an entity related to the Group;


                                 (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);


                                 (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                                          management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and


                                 (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                                          services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023     159
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023




5.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
     5.1    Financial instruments by category

                                                                                           2023                  2022
                                                                                       HK$’000               HK$’000


            Financial assets
            Financial assets at amortised cost
              Interests in infrastructure project investments                         4,176,891             5,213,954
              Amounts due from investee companies                                       222,047              231,481
              Loans to joint ventures                                                 1,283,721             1,168,400
              Amounts due from joint ventures                                         8,989,059             8,307,400
              Amounts due from associates                                               564,697              318,675
              Amounts due from related companies                                        106,870              200,620
              Trade and other receivables                                           124,921,580          113,518,199
              Deposits                                                                   29,138                42,879
              Bank balances and cash                                                 28,462,889           23,881,499
            Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income           388,709              545,886


                                                                                    169,145,601          153,428,993


            Financial liabilities
            Financial liabilities at amortised cost
              Trade payables, other payables and accruals                            74,884,549           69,736,719
              Deposits received                                                          49,129                53,164
              Amounts due to joint ventures                                           1,184,331              840,486
              Amounts due to associates                                                 134,637                58,438
              Amounts due to related companies                                          352,565              455,618
              Bank borrowings                                                        67,825,463           59,176,864
              Guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds                            9,761,895           11,740,436
              Loans from a fellow subsidiary                                            660,793              909,091
              Loan from a joint venture                                               2,643,172             2,727,273
              Lease liabilities                                                         231,195              198,866


                                                                                    157,727,729          145,896,955


            The Group’s exposure to various risks associated with the financial instruments is discussed below. The
            maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount of each class of
            financial assets mentioned above.
160   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      5.       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
               5.2      Financial risk factors

                        The Group’s activities expose itself to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including currency risk and
                        interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses
                        on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s
                        financial performance.


                        (a)      Market risk

                                 (i)      Currency risk

                                          The Group and the Company undertake certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies,
                                          primarily with respect to the Renminbi (“RMB”) and United States dollar (“US$”), hence
                                          exposures to exchange rate fluctuation arise. The Group and the Company currently do not
                                          use any derivative contracts to hedge against their exposure to currency risk. The management
                                          manages its foreign currency risk by closely reviewing the movement of the foreign currency
                                          rate and adjust the financing structure if needed.


                                          The Group has certain investments in foreign operations, whose net assets are exposed to
                                          foreign currency translation risk. Currency exposure arising from the net assets of the Group’s
                                          foreign operations is managed primarily through borrowings denominated in the relevant foreign
                                          currencies.


                                          In view of the fact that HK$ is pegged to US$, the foreign currency exposure of operating units
                                          having HK$ as functional currency on US$ transactions and balances is minimal.


                                          At 31 December 2023, if HK$ had weakened/strengthened 5% (2022: 5%) against RMB with
                                          all other variables held constant, the consolidated profit before tax for the year would have been
                                          approximately HK$3,117,000 higher/lower (2022: HK119,062,000 lower/higher).


                                 (ii)     Interest rate risk

                                          The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to floating rate trade and
                                          other receivables, floating rate bank borrowings and bank deposits. Interest rate risk on bank
                                          deposits is considered immaterial and therefore have been excluded from the sensitivity analysis
                                          below. The Group currently does not have any interest rate hedging policy. However, from time
                                          to time, if interest rate fluctuates significantly, appropriate measures would be taken to manage
                                          interest rate exposure. The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk is mainly concentrated on the
                                          fluctuation of Hong Kong Interbank Offered Rate arising from its variable rate bank borrowings
                                          and borrowing rates offered by The People’s Bank of China arising from its variable rate bank
                                          borrowings and trade and other receivables. For details of trade and other receivables and
                                          bank borrowings, please refer to notes 27 and 36, respectively, to the consolidated financial
                                          statements.
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023    161
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023




5.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     5.2    Financial risk factors (continued)

            (a)   Market risk (continued)

                  (ii)    Interest rate risk (continued)

                          The Group is also exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to fixed interest debt
                          securities, guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds. Fair value interest rate risk on
                          fixed interest debt securities is considered immaterial. Management will also consider hedging
                          significant interest rate exposure should the need arises.


                          The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to interest rates
                          for variable rate trade and other receivables and bank borrowings. The analysis is prepared
                          assuming the amount of asset and liability outstanding at the end of the reporting period was
                          outstanding for the whole year. A 50 (2022: 50) basis points increase or decrease representing
                          management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates is used.


                          If interest rates had been 50 (2022: 50) basis points higher/lower with all other variables held
                          constant, the profit before tax would decrease/increase by approximately HK$110,701,000
                          (2022: HK$100,370,000).


            (b)   Credit risk

                  As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial
                  loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties arises from the
                  carrying amount of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement
                  of financial position.


                  In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible
                  for determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that
                  follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews the recoverable
                  amount of each individual debt at the end of each reporting period to ensure that adequate impairment
                  losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that
                  the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.


                  The credit risk on bank balances and cash is limited because the counterparties are banks with
                  high credit ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies or state-owned banks in Chinese
                  mainland.
162   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      5.       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
               5.2      Financial risk factors (continued)

                        (b)      Credit risk (continued)

                                 The credit risk on amounts due from investee companies, joint ventures and associates and loans
                                 to joint ventures is limited because the counterparties, which are engaged in property development,
                                 property investment and provision of construction services in Hong Kong, Chinese mainland and
                                 Macau, have strong financial positions.


                                 The credit risk on interests in infrastructure project investments, contract assets and trade and other
                                 receivables is limited because the counterparties are mainly PRC government-related entities. The
                                 Group assessed the credit losses against interests in infrastructure project investments, contract assets,
                                 deposits and trade and other receivables and the related expected credit loss is insignificant to the
                                 consolidated financial statement of the Group.


                                 Other than concentration of credit risk on bank balances and cash, interests in infrastructure project
                                 investments, amounts due from investee companies, joint ventures and associates, contract assets
                                 and long term trade receivables, the Group does not have any other significant concentration of credit
                                 risk. Trade receivables, loans to joint ventures and associates and financial assets at FVOCI (debt)
                                 consist of a large number of parties, spread across diverse industries and geographical areas.


                                 Financial assets measured at amortised cost are all classified under Stage 1 for measurement
                                 of expected credit losses except for trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a
                                 significant financing component which apply simplified approach in calculating ECLs.
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023       163
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




5.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     5.2    Financial risk factors (continued)

            (c)   Liquidity risk

                  The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that it
                  maintains sufficient reserves of cash to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.


                  The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings
                  based on the remaining period at the end of the reporting period to the contractual maturity date. The
                  amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.

                                                       Within one year    Between one     Between two      Over five
                                                        or on demand     and two years   and five years       years         Total
                                                              HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000


                  The Group
                  At 31 December 2023
                  Trade payables, other payables and
                     accruals                              61,530,828        7,555,774       5,792,858         5,089    74,884,549
                  Deposits received                            49,129                –               –             –        49,129
                  Amounts due to joint ventures             1,184,331                –               –             –     1,184,331
                  Amounts due to associates                   134,637                –               –             –       134,637
                  Amounts due to related companies            352,565                –               –             –       352,565
                  Bank borrowings                          20,390,814       20,528,395      31,642,397     6,726,222    79,287,828
                  Guaranteed notes payable and
                     corporate bonds                        3,044,449        2,874,933       4,524,193            –     10,443,575
                  Loans from a fellow subsidiary              671,319                –               –            –        671,319
                  Loan from a joint venture                 2,666,316                –               –            –      2,666,316
                  Lease liabilities                           119,183           70,466          40,748       11,785        242,182


                                                           90,143,571       31,029,568      42,000,196     6,743,096   169,916,431


                  At 31 December 2022
                  Trade payables, other payables and
                     accruals                              58,294,185        6,086,048       5,339,997        16,489    69,736,719
                  Deposits received                            53,164                –               –             –        53,164
                  Amounts due to joint ventures               840,486                –               –             –       840,486
                  Amounts due to associates                    58,438                –               –             –        58,438
                  Amounts due to related companies            455,618                –               –             –       455,618
                  Bank borrowings                          16,763,467       18,248,095      21,977,127    12,642,127    69,630,816
                  Guaranteed notes payable and
                     corporate bonds                        3,187,854        3,102,914       6,256,426            –     12,547,194
                  Loans from a fellow subsidiary              937,386                –               –            –        937,386
                  Loan from a joint venture                   185,455        2,751,153               –            –      2,936,608
                  Lease liabilities                            91,157           61,707          50,795       10,955        214,614


                                                           80,867,210       30,249,917      33,624,345    12,669,571   157,411,043
164   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      5.       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
               5.3      Capital risk management

                        The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
                        concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an
                        optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.


                        In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to
                        shareholders, return capital to shareholders, redeem guaranteed notes payable, issue and redeem perpetual
                        capital securities, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.


                        The Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by
                        total capital. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including current and non-current bank borrowings,
                        guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position)
                        less cash and cash equivalents. Total capital represents the equity attributable to owners of the Company,
                        perpetual capital securities and non-controlling interests.


                        The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year. The net gearing ratio is 66.1% (2022: 69.4%)
                        as at 31 December 2023.


               5.4      Fair value estimation

                        The table below analyses the Group’s financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The
                        different levels have been defined as follows:


                        Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).


                        Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                        directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).


                        Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs)
                        (level 3).
                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023    165
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023




5.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
     5.4    Fair value estimation (continued)

            The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value at 31 December
            2023 and 2022.


                                                                             At 31 December 2023
                                                            Level 1            Level 2             Level 3              Total
                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000           HK$’000


            Debt and equity securities
              at FVOCI
            Listed debt securities                          192,875                    –                  –         192,875
            Unlisted equity securities                             –                   –          195,834           195,834


                                                            192,875                    –          195,834           388,709


                                                                             At 31 December 2022
                                                             Level 1            Level 2            Level 3              Total
                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000           HK$’000


            Debt and equity securities
              at FVOCI
            Listed debt securities                          349,939                    –                  –         349,939
            Unlisted equity securities                             –                   –          195,947           195,947


                                                            349,939                    –          195,947           545,886


            There were no transfers between the levels during the year (2022: Nil).


            The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the years ended 31 December 2023 and
            2022:


                                                                                           Equity securities at FVOCI
                                                                                                  2023                  2022
                                                                                              HK$’000               HK$’000


            At 1 January                                                                       195,947              197,294
            Exchange adjustments                                                                  (113)                 (306)
            Disposal                                                                                 –                (1,041)


            At 31 December                                                                     195,834              195,947


            The changes in fair value of the above financial instruments in level 3 were recognised in OCI.
166   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      5.       FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (continued)
               5.4      Fair value estimation (continued)

                        The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the end of
                        the reporting period. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid
                        price. These instruments are included in level 1, which are classified as financial assets at FVOCI.


                        The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation
                        techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and
                        rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument
                        are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.


                        If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in
                        level 3.


                        Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:


                        •          Market value provided by the issuers as their best estimate of the fair value of the investment.


                        •          Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair value for the
                                   remaining financial instruments.


                        The unobservable inputs of the valuation include estimated revenue and discount rate by reference to other
                        investments that are substantially the same. Changing unobservable inputs used in the level 3 valuation to
                        reasonable alternative assumptions would not change significantly the fair values recognised.


                        The fair value of the following financial assets and liabilities approximate to their carrying amounts:


                        •          Interests in infrastructure project investments


                        •          Trade and other receivables and deposits


                        •          Bank balances and cash


                        •          Loans from/(to) joint ventures and a fellow subsidiary


                        •          Amounts due from/(to) joint ventures, associates, related companies and investee companies


                        •          Trade payables, other payables and accruals and deposits received


                        •          Bank borrowings


                        •          Guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023       167
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023




6.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
     Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors,
     including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.


     The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by
     definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of
     causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are
     addressed below.


     6.1    Progress of construction works

            The Group recognises revenue according to the progress towards complete satisfaction of performance
            obligation of the individual contract of construction works. The progress is determined by the aggregated cost
            for the individual contract incurred at the end of the reporting period compared with the estimated budgeted
            cost. Management’s estimation of the cost incurred to date and the budgeted cost is primarily based on
            construction budget and actual cost report prepared by internal quantity surveyors, where applicable.
            Corresponding revenue from contract work is also estimated by management based on the progress and
            budgeted revenue. Because of the nature of the activities undertaken in construction contracts, the date at
            which the contract activity is entered into and the date when the activity is completed usually fall into different
            accounting periods. The Group regularly reviews and revises the estimation of both contract revenue and
            contract cost in the budget prepared for each construction contract as the contract progresses.


     6.2    Estimation of foreseeable losses in respect of construction works

            Management estimates the amount of foreseeable losses of construction works based on the management
            budgets prepared for the construction works. Budgeted construction income is determined in accordance
            with the terms set out in the relevant contracts. Budgeted construction costs which mainly comprise sub-
            contracting charges and costs of materials are prepared by management on the basis of quotations from time
            to time provided by the major sub-contractors/suppliers/vendors involved and experience of management.
            A foreseeable loss is a contract in which the unavoidable costs of meeting the obligations under the contract
            exceed the economic benefits expected to be received under it. In order to keep the budget accurate and
            up- to-date, management conducts periodic review on the management budgets by comparing the budgeted
            amounts to the actual amounts incurred.


     6.3    Recoverability of receivables, contract assets and amounts due from related parties

            The provision for receivables, contract assets and amounts due from related parties are based on assumptions
            about risk of default and expected loss rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions
            and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market
            conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.
168   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      6.       CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (continued)
               6.4      Impairment of property, plant and equipment, trademark, project backlogs and licences,
                        and goodwill

                        The Group regularly reviews whether there are any indications of impairment and recognises an impairment
                        loss if the carrying amount of an asset is lower than its recoverable amount. The Group tests annually for
                        impairment for those intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life, i.e. goodwill and licences. The
                        recoverable amounts have been determined based on the higher of the fair value less costs of disposal and
                        value in use calculations. These calculations require the use of estimates, such as discount rates, future
                        profitability and growth rates.


               6.5      Impairment of concession operating rights

                        Determining whether concession operating rights are impaired requires an estimation of the recoverable
                        amount. In measuring the recoverable amount of the concession operating rights, the Group has looked at the
                        value in use, based on the following factors: the expected future traffic volumes, expected future toll fee level,
                        length of operating rights, maintenance costs and discount rates (the “Relevant Factors”).


                        In arriving at the recoverable amount of the concession operating rights, the management exercised their
                        judgement with reference to these Relevant Factors in estimating the recoverable amounts of the toll road
                        operating rights.


               6.6      Estimate of fair value of investment properties

                        The fair values of investment properties involve certain assumptions of market rent, market price and
                        capitalisation rate. Favourable or unfavourable changes to these assumptions would result in changes in the
                        fair values of the Group’s investment properties and corresponding adjustments to the amount of gain or loss
                        recognised in the consolidated income statement.


               6.7      Income and deferred tax

                        The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in
                        determining the worldwide provision for income taxes. There are many transactions and calculations for which
                        the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. The Group recognises liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues
                        based on estimates of whether additional taxes will be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is
                        different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will impact the current and deferred
                        income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.


                        The recognition of deferred tax assets is based upon whether it is more likely than not that sufficient taxable
                        profits will be available in the future against which the reversal of temporary differences can be deducted. To
                        determine the future taxable profits, reference is made to the latest available profit forecasts and relevant tax
                        law is considered to determine the availability of the losses to offset against the future taxable profits.
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023        169
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




7.   REVENUE
     Revenue represents the revenue arising from construction contracts, construction related investment projects, facade
     contracting business, infrastructure operation, industrial plant reconstruction, project consultancy services, sales of
     building materials, machinery leasing, insurance contracts and rental income from investment properties.

     An analysis of the revenue is as follows:

                                                                                                        2023                        2022
                                                                               Notes                 HK$’000                     HK$’000


     Revenue from construction contracts                                                           40,215,032              45,219,645
     Revenue from construction related investment projects                       (a)               63,592,981              49,243,336
     Revenue from facade contracting business                                                       5,008,692               4,596,232
     Revenue from infrastructure operation                                       (b)                  774,979                 791,688
     Others                                                                      (c)                4,142,329               2,124,364


                                                                                                 113,734,013              101,975,265


     Revenue from contracts with customers                                       (d)
     Timing of revenue recognition
     – Over time                                                                                 106,429,594               95,921,767
     – At a point in time                                                                          3,355,623                1,577,115


                                                                                                 109,785,217               97,498,882


     Revenue from other sources
     – Interest income generated from construction related
          investment projects                                                                       3,287,939               4,082,619
     – Others                                                                    (e)                  660,857                 393,764


                                                                                                    3,948,796               4,476,383


                                                                                                 113,734,013              101,975,265


     Notes:

     (a)      Revenue from construction related investment projects mainly comprises revenue generated from the provision of
              construction services under Public-Private-Partnership (“PPP”) model and government targeted repurchase of resettlement
              housing project, and the corresponding interest income.

     (b)      Revenue from infrastructure operation comprises revenue from thermoelectricity business and toll road operation.

     (c)      Revenue from others mainly comprises revenue from industrial plant reconstruction, project consultancy services, sales of
              building materials, machinery leasing, insurance contracts and rental income from investment properties.

     (d)      The revenue recognised for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are recognised over time, except for toll
              road operation, sales of building materials and industrial plant reconstruction of approximately HK$151,649,000
              (2022: HK$151,983,000), HK$2,221,708,000 (2022: HK$815,597,000) and HK$982,266,000 (2022: HK$609,535,000),
              respectively, which were recognised at a point in time.

     (e)      The amount mainly comprises revenue from machinery leasing, insurance contracts and rental income from investment
              properties.
170   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      8.       SEGMENT INFORMATION
               The Group’s reportable segments, based on information reported to the chief operating decision maker for the
               purposes of resources allocation and performance assessments, include (i) the Group’s share of revenue and results
               of joint ventures, and (ii) geographical locations where the Group’s subsidiaries operate, namely Chinese mainland
               (other than Hong Kong and Macau), Hong Kong and Macau.


               China State Construction Development Holdings Limited (“CSC Development”), a limited liability company
               incorporated in the Cayman Islands and listed on the Main Board of the SEHK, and its subsidiaries (collectively
               referred to as the “CSC Development Group”) are currently managed by a separate business team. The chief
               operating decision maker regards the CSC Development Group as a distinct reportable segment and assesses its
               performance based on its overall result.


               Segment revenue and results for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are as follows:


                                                                 Segment revenue                   Gross profit                     Segment results
                                                                   2023              2022         2023                 2022          2023                2022
                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000     HK$’000              HK$’000       HK$’000             HK$’000


               Reportable segments
                  Chinese mainland                           66,185,389       48,631,132     12,854,800           11,014,847    11,557,993       10,283,783
                  Hong Kong and Macau                        41,591,707       47,755,975      2,508,392            2,270,764     1,985,785        1,815,049
                       Hong Kong                              30,821,983       37,214,275      1,543,500            1,700,777     1,025,539           1,271,039
                       Macau                                  10,769,724       10,541,700       964,892              569,987       960,246             544,010
                  CSC Development Group                       5,956,917        5,588,158       975,718              732,922       812,558             471,690


                                                            113,734,013      101,975,265     16,338,910           14,018,533    14,356,336       12,570,522


               Share of revenue/results of joint ventures     3,717,868        4,400,665                                          629,969             275,196


               Total                                        117,451,881      106,375,930                                        14,986,305       12,845,718


               Unallocated corporate (expense)/income                                                                              (26,131)           281,975
               Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                                                          –              38,351
               Gain on disposal of a joint venture                                                                                       –            189,472
               Gain on disposal of an associate                                                                                     33,143              80,654
               Share of profits of associates                                                                                     314,539             333,934
               Finance costs                                                                                                    (3,204,309)       (2,991,419)


               Profit before tax                                                                                                12,103,547       10,778,685
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023              171
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2023




8.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
     Measurement

     Performance is measured based on segment result that is used by the chief operating decision maker for the
     purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance.


     Segment revenue of Hong Kong and Macau comprises the revenue mainly from construction contracts, machinery
     leasing, insurance contracts, rental income from investment properties and others while segment revenue of regions
     in Chinese mainland comprises the revenue from construction contracts, interest income and construction income
     generated from construction related investment projects, toll road operation, sales of building materials and industrial
     plant reconstruction.


     Segment revenue of the CSC Development Group represents revenue from facade contracting business, project
     consultancy services, general contracting business, thermoelectricity business and operations management derived
     from Hong Kong, Macau, Chinese mainland and overseas operations.


     The revenue, gross profit and results of the Group are allocated based on operations of the segments. Taxation is not
     allocated to reportable segments.


     Operating and reportable segment results represent the profit/loss earned or incurred by each segment excluding
     certain acquisition related costs, non-recurring investment income, other income and other gains/(losses), net, finance
     costs, share of profits of associates and unallocated corporate expenses. This is the measurement basis reported to
     the chief operating decision maker for the purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment.


     Amounts included in the measure of segment profit or loss:

                                                                                                                                CSC Development
                                                           Chinese mainland         Hong Kong                 Macau                  Group                 Total
                                                             2023       2022       2023      2022          2023      2022         2023       2022       2023          2022
                                                          HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000   HK$’000       HK$’000   HK$’000      HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000


     Allowance for/(reversal of allowance for) doubtful
         debts on trade and other receivables              97,518           –         –          –           15            –    (4,487)    37,697     93,046        37,697
     Depreciation and amortisation                        369,393     297,823   256,052    191,747       18,220       16,333   210,047    181,785    853,712       687,688
     (Gain)/loss on disposal of property, plant and
         equipment                                          2,079        344      3,249         4,808         –            –       (87)       (81)     5,241         5,071
172   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      8.       SEGMENT INFORMATION (continued)
               Other geographical information
                                                                                                         Additions to property,
                                                                     Non-current assets                  plant and equipment
                                                                        2023               2022               2023            2022
                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000


               Chinese mainland                                     8,629,639          8,635,226            340,790        230,869
               Hong Kong                                            5,777,973          5,766,974            177,587        110,137
               Macau                                                2,141,455          1,767,180             37,197         21,378
               Others                                                 499,977            493,824              6,905            479


                                                                   17,049,044        16,663,204             562,479        362,863


               Non-current assets excluded financial assets at FVOCI, deferred tax assets, interests in infrastructure project
               investments, amounts due from investee companies, trade and other receivables, loans to joint ventures and interests
               in joint ventures and associates.


               Investments in financial assets that are managed by the treasury department are not considered to be segment assets.
               These are investments in debt and equity securities that are classified as financial assets at FVOCI.


               The information of the CSC Development Group was allocated to the Hong Kong, Macau, Chinese mainland and
               Overseas segments (including North America) in accordance with the locations that the CSC Development Group
               operated in.


               Segment assets and liabilities

               No assets and liabilities are included in the measures of the Group’s segment reporting that are used by the chief
               operating decision maker for performance assessment and resource allocation. Accordingly, no segment assets and
               liabilities are presented.


               Major customers’ information

               In 2023 and 2022, no revenue from sales to a single customer represents 10 percent or more of the Group’s total
               revenue.
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023   173
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




9.   INVESTMENT INCOME, OTHER INCOME AND OTHER GAINS/
     (LOSSES), NET
                                                                                     2023                  2022
                                                                                  HK$’000               HK$’000


     Interest income on:
       Bank deposits                                                              266,932               209,136
       Debt securities at FVOCI                                                    15,691                27,580
       Loans to joint ventures                                                     13,835                24,829
       Loans to associates                                                            340                54,903
       Deposits with a fellow subsidiary                                             1,159                4,112


     Dividend income from equity securities at FVOCI                               21,454                 7,223


     Gain on disposal of:
       Property, plant and equipment, net                                            5,241                5,071
       A subsidiary                                                                      –               38,351
       A joint venture                                                                   –              189,472
       An associate                                                                33,143                80,654


     Gain on fair value changes of investment properties, net                     305,778               221,817
     Revaluation gain upon transfer from properties held for sale to
       investment properties                                                      121,144                85,154
     Revaluation gain upon transfer from properties under development to
       investment properties                                                             –              467,034
     Service income                                                                  8,255               29,469
     Others                                                                       (145,633)             132,400


                                                                                  647,339             1,577,205
174   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      10. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                                  2023                     2022
                                                                                                               HK$’000                  HK$’000


               Interest on bank borrowings                                                                    2,727,070                2,319,472
               Interest on guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds                                         357,045                  485,982
               Interest on loan from a joint venture                                                            220,172                  216,546
               Interest on loans from a fellow subsidiary                                                        19,399                   29,697
               Interest on lease liabilities                                                                      6,090                    9,929
               Others                                                                                               823                    3,216


                                                                                                              3,330,599                3,064,842
               Less: Capitalised in the cost of qualifying assets                                              (126,290)                  (73,423)


                                                                                                              3,204,309                2,991,419



      11. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS
               (a)      Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments
                        The emoluments paid or payable to each of the eleven (2022: nine) directors were as follows:

                        For the year ended 31 December 2023

                                                                                                  Other emoluments

                                                                                                    Contributions    Performance
                                                                                       Salaries     to retirement          related
                                                                                           and             benefit       incentive           Total
                                                                             Fee   allowances           schemes           payment      emoluments
                                                                Notes    HK$’000       HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000
                                                                                                                          (Note (i))


                        Non-executive Directors
                        Yan Jianguo                                            –             –                  –                 –              –
                        Chen Xiaofeng                            (ii)          –             –                  –                 –              –

                        Executive Directors
                        Zhang Haipeng                                          –         1,847                 18            2,923           4,788
                        Wang Xiaoguang                           (iii)         –         1,307                 15            2,347           3,669
                        Zhou Hancheng                            (iv)          –           568                  6              769           1,343
                        Hung Cheung Shew                                       –         4,060                 17            3,271           7,348

                        Independent Non-executive Directors
                        Adrian David Li Man Kiu                  (v)         179             –                  –                 –           179
                        Raymond Leung Hai Ming                               362             –                  –                 –           362
                        Lee Shing See                            (v)         227             –                  –                 –           227
                        Wong Wai Ching                                       362             –                  –                 –           362
                        Chan Tze Ching Ignatius                  (vii)       232             –                  –                 –           232


                                                                           1,362         7,782                 56            9,310          18,510
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023         175
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




11. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (continued)
   (a)    Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (continued)

          For the year ended 31 December 2022

                                                                                         Other emoluments

                                                                                            Contributions    Performance
                                                                              Salaries      to retirement          related
                                                                                  and              benefit       incentive           Total
                                                                Fee       allowances            schemes          payment       emoluments
                                                Notes       HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000
                                                                                                                  (Note (i))


          Non-executive Directors
          Yan Jianguo                                             –                 –                   –                 –             –
          Chen Xiaofeng                                           –                 –                   –                 –             –

          Executive Directors
          Zhang Haipeng                                           –            1,847                   18            3,864          5,729
          Zhou Hancheng                                           –            1,718                   18            3,198          4,934
          Hung Cheung Shew                                        –            4,191                   18            3,814          8,023

          Independent Non-executive Directors
          Adrian David Li Man Kiu                              410                  –                   –                 –           410
          Raymond Leung Hai Ming                               300                  –                   –                 –           300
          Lee Shing See                                        520                  –                   –                 –           520
          Wong Wai Ching                         (vi)          232                  –                   –                 –           232


                                                              1,462            7,756                   54          10,876          20,148


          Notes:


          (i)      The performance related incentive payment is determined primarily based on the performance of each director and
                   the profitability of the Group.


          (ii)     Mr. Chen Xiaofeng resigned as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 20 December 2023.


          (iii)    Mr. Wang Xiaoguang was appointed as an executive director of the Company with effect from 24 February 2023.


          (iv)     Mr. Zhou Hancheng resigned as an executive director of the Company with effect from 21 April 2023.


          (v)      Mr. Adrian David Li Man Kiu and Mr. Lee Shing See retired as independent non-executive directors of the Company
                   with effect from 8 June 2023.


          (vi)     Ms. Wong Wai Ching was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company with effect from 25
                   March 2022.


          (vii)    Mr. Chan Tze Ching Ignatius was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company with effect
                   from 8 June 2023.
176   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      11. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (continued)
               (a)      Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (continued)

                        No emolument was paid by the Group to any of the directors as inducement to join or upon joining the Group
                        or as compensation for loss of office. None of the directors waived any emolument during the years ended 31
                        December 2023 and 2022.


                        Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, two (2022: three) are directors of the Group whose
                        emoluments are disclosed above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining three (2022: two)
                        highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Group are as follows:


                                                                                                               2023            2022
                                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


                        Salaries and allowances                                                                5,532           4,368
                        Contributions to retirement benefit schemes                                                54            36
                        Performance related incentive payments                                                 7,951           6,170


                                                                                                             13,537           10,574


                        The number of non-director highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as
                        follows:
                                                                                                               2023            2022
                                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


                        HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                                2              –
                        HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                                1             1
                        HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                                –             1


                                                                                                                    3             2


               (b)      Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

                        No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
                        Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
                        indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year (2022: Nil).
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023    177
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023




12. INCOME TAX EXPENSES, NET
                                                                                                      2023                  2022
                                                                                                  HK$’000                HK$’000


   Current tax:
     Hong Kong profits tax                                                                         202,464               303,412
     Other jurisdictions income tax                                                               2,394,251            1,950,713
     Chinese mainland land appreciation tax (“LAT”)                                                 24,367                30,906
     Chinese mainland withholding income tax                                                              –               15,355


                                                                                                  2,621,082            2,300,386


   (Over)/under provision in prior years:
     Hong Kong profits tax                                                                         (152,964)               2,815
     Other jurisdictions income tax                                                                (153,653)              (29,122)


                                                                                                   (306,617)              (26,307)


   Deferred tax, net (Note 23)                                                                      76,134                35,142


   Income tax expenses for the year, net                                                          2,390,599            2,309,221


   Hong Kong profits tax is calculated at 16.5% (2022:16.5%) of the estimated assessable profits. Income taxes arising
   in other jurisdictions are calculated at the rates prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.
178   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      12. INCOME TAX EXPENSES, NET (continued)
               The tax charge for the year can be reconciled to the profit before tax per the consolidated income statement as
               follows:


                                                                                                    2023                 2022
                                                                                                HK$’000              HK$’000


               Profit before tax                                                              12,103,547          10,778,685
               Share of profits of
                 Joint ventures                                                                 (629,969)            (275,196)
                 Associates                                                                     (314,539)            (333,934)


                                                                                              11,159,039          10,169,555


               Tax at domestic income tax rate of 16.5% (2022: 16.5%)                          1,841,241            1,677,977
               Effect of different tax rates of profit arising from other jurisdictions          628,630             473,552
               Chinese mainland withholding income tax                                                  –              15,355
               LAT                                                                                24,367               30,906
               Tax effect of LAT                                                                  (4,021)              (5,100)
               Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                             286,699             296,722
               Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                 (185,910)            (149,498)
               Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                           191,332             165,586
               Tax effect of utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                   (64,458)            (127,246)
               Overprovision in prior years                                                     (306,617)             (26,307)
               Others                                                                            (20,664)             (42,726)


               Tax charge for the year                                                         2,390,599            2,309,221
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023    179
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




13. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                        2023                  2022
                                                                                     HK$’000               HK$’000


   Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging/(crediting):
   Contracts costs                                                                96,275,709            85,954,314
   Cost of inventories sold                                                          518,193             1,397,477
   Cost of supply of heat, steam and electricity                                     379,871               392,299

   Employee benefits expense (including directors’ emoluments):
    Staff costs                                                                     6,318,011            6,021,770
    Contributions to retirement benefit plans                                         401,363              350,718
    Share-based payment                                                                 6,570               34,127


                                                                                    6,725,944            6,406,615


   Impairment of debt securities at FVOCI                                            117,782                      –


   Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                     552,543               402,007
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                               122,071                99,726


                                                                                     674,614               501,733



   Amortisation of concession operating rights (included in costs of sales)          161,674               168,262
   Amortisation of trademark and licences (included in administrative,
    selling and other operating expenses)                                             17,424                17,693

   Auditor’s remuneration:
     Audit services                                                                   11,425                 9,227
     Non-audit services                                                                1,122                 1,248


                                                                                      12,547                10,475


   Short-term lease expense in respect of:
     Plant and machinery                                                             134,911               316,744
     Land and buildings                                                               38,924                33,194


                                                                                     173,835               349,938


   Rental income from operating leases                                               (113,826)             (118,559)
   Less: Direct operating expenses from property that generated
            rental income                                                             33,024                26,804


   Net rental income                                                                  (80,802)              (91,755)


   Allowance for doubtful debts on trade and other receivables, net                   93,046                37,697
   Exchange losses, net                                                              161,809                49,068
180   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      14. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                        2023                  2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000


               Dividends recognised as distributions during the year:
               2022 Final, paid – HK24 cents per share
                 (2022: 2021 Final, paid – HK20.5 cents per share)                                 1,209,028             1,032,711
               2023 Interim, paid – HK27.5 cents per share
                 (2022: 2022 Interim, paid – HK24 cents per share)                                 1,385,345             1,209,028


                                                                                                   2,594,373             2,241,739


               The final dividend of HK28.5 cents (2022: HK24 cents) per share amounting to approximately HK$1,435,721,000
               (2022: HK$1,209,028,000) in aggregate, has been proposed by the directors and is subject to approval by the
               shareholders in the forthcoming annual general meeting.


      15. EARNINGS PER SHARE
               The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on the
               following data:


                                                                                                        2023                  2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000                HK$’000


               Earnings
               Earnings for the purposes of basic and diluted earnings per share                   9,164,045             7,956,876


                                                                                                        2023                  2022
                                                                                                         ’000                  ’000


               Number of shares
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of
                 basic and diluted earnings per share                                              5,037,617             5,037,617


               Diluted earnings per share is the same as basic earnings per share as the Company did not have any dilutive potential
               ordinary shares during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.
                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023        181
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2023




16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                      Heat and
                                                     electricity                     Furniture,
                                       Land and          supply                   fixtures and          Motor Construction
                                       buildings       facilities   Machinery       equipment         vehicles in progress        Total
                                        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000           HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000


   Cost
   At 1 January 2022                   4,262,229     2,200,141      1,423,658         430,453          149,363     182,350     8,648,194
   Exchange adjustments                 (201,400)     (198,176)        (31,066)        (14,044)          (6,363)    (10,175)    (461,224)
   Additions                              28,636         2,064        111,616         115,515           13,520       91,512      362,863
   Reclassification upon the
      completion of construction        106,931          51,510        11,844                –                –    (170,285)            –
   Transfer between property,
      plant and equipment and
      investment properties, net          22,159               –             –               –               –            –       22,159
   Transfer from right-of-use assets      36,531               –         1,101               –               –            –       37,632
   Disposals                             (70,883)           (509)      (43,158)        (14,161)        (11,315)           –     (140,026)


   At 31 December 2022 and
      1 January 2023                   4,184,203     2,055,030      1,473,995         517,763          145,205      93,402     8,469,598
   Exchange adjustments                  (52,009)      (74,920)       (13,429)         (6,823)          (2,305)     (2,121)     (151,607)
   Additions                             165,112        12,891        179,350         135,082           23,300      46,744       562,479
   Reclassification upon the
      completion of construction         12,639          10,029         1,403                –                –     (24,071)            –
   Transfer between property,
      plant and equipment and
      investment properties, net        926,675                –            –                –               –            –      926,675
   Disposals                            (26,242)               –      (85,728)         (33,649)        (12,167)           –     (157,786)


   At 31 December 2023                 5,210,378     2,003,030      1,555,591         612,373          154,033     113,954     9,649,359


   Depreciation
   At 1 January 2022                    821,258      1,175,883      1,115,515         281,729          110,451            –    3,504,836
   Exchange adjustments                  (48,777)     (113,598)        (13,505)         (8,844)          (4,670)          –     (189,394)
   Charge for the year                  155,070         67,319          93,730         72,705           13,183            –      402,007
   Transfer between property,
      plant and equipment and
      investment properties                (9,211)             –             –               –                –           –        (9,211)
   Transfer from right-of-use assets        6,085              –         1,101               –                –           –         7,186
   Disposals                             (54,045)           (480)      (39,295)        (12,148)          (9,674)          –     (115,642)


   At 31 December 2022 and
      1 January 2023                    870,380      1,129,124      1,157,546         333,442          109,290            –    3,599,782
   Exchange adjustments                 (19,435)       (26,777)        (5,752)         (3,749)          (1,646)           –      (57,359)
   Charge for the year                  257,409        101,607        111,489          67,964           14,074            –      552,543
   Disposals                            (22,212)             –        (64,887)        (13,803)          (9,531)           –     (110,433)


   At 31 December 2023                 1,086,142     1,203,954      1,198,396         383,854          112,187            –    3,984,533


   Carrying values
   At 31 December 2023                 4,124,236       799,076        357,195         228,519           41,846     113,954     5,664,826


   At 31 December 2022                 3,313,823       925,906        316,449         184,321           35,915      93,402     4,869,816
182   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (continued)
               The carrying values of land and buildings shown above are situated on:


                                                                                                               2023                   2022
                                                                                                           HK$’000                HK$’000


               Land and buildings in Hong Kong under medium term leases                                   2,018,092              1,615,346
               Heat and electricity plants in Chinese mainland under medium term leases                     190,279                213,594
               Other premises in Chinese mainland under medium term leases                                1,397,175                974,138
               Freehold land in Macau                                                                        69,049                 63,963
               Freehold land in Canada                                                                      419,476                416,538
               Land and buildings in United States of America under medium term leases                       30,165                 30,244


                                                                                                          4,124,236              3,313,823


               At 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of the Group’s land and buildings pledged as security for the Group’s
               banking facilities is approximately HK$14,735,000 (2022: HK$416,537,000).


      17. LEASES
               (a)      Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position

                        The consolidated statement of financial position shows the following amounts relating to leases:


                                                                                                               2023                   2022
                                                                                                           HK$’000                HK$’000


                        Right-of-use assets
                        Prepaid land lease payment (Note)                                                   368,804                375,117
                        Others                                                                              231,528                194,908


                                                                                                            600,332                570,025


                        Lease liabilities
                        Current                                                                             114,435                 86,671
                        Non-current                                                                         116,760                112,195


                                                                                                            231,195                198,866


                        Note:    The Group has prepaid land lease payment for leasehold land located in Chinese mainland with PRC government
                                 under medium term leases.


                        Additions to the right-of-use assets during the year were approximately HK$166,505,000 (2022:
                        HK$183,295,000).
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023    183
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023




17. LEASES (continued)
    (b)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement

           The consolidated income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:


                                                                                             2023                 2022
                                                                                         HK$’000               HK$’000


           Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
           Prepaid land lease payment                                                      10,232               10,425
           Land and buildings and motor vehicles                                                 –                  406
           Others                                                                        111,839                88,895


                                                                                         122,071                99,726


           The total cash outflow for leases during the year was approximately HK$311,050,000 (2022:
           HK$444,882,000).


    (c)    The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for

           The Group leases various offices, warehouses, equipment and vehicles. Rental contracts are typically made
           for fixed periods of 1 to 9 years (2022: 1 to 9 years), but may have extension options as described in (d)
           below.


           Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.
           The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that
           are held by the lessor.


    (d)    Extension and termination options

           Extension and termination options are included in a number of property and equipment leases across the
           Group. These are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing the assets used in the Group’s
           operations. The majority of extension and termination options held are exercisable only by the Group and not
           by the respective lessor.


    (e)    Further information about the leasing activities of the Group as a lessor is disclosed in note 47 to the
           consolidated financial statements.
184   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                                     Investment
                                                                                  Completed               property
                                                                                  investment                under
                                                                                   properties      construction                    Total
                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000              HK$’000


               At 1 January 2022                                                    5,126,232                    –            5,126,232
               Transfer between property, plant and equipment
                 and investment properties, net                                        (19,386)                  –               (19,386)
               Transfer from properties held for sale                                 537,300                    –              537,300
               Transfer from properties under development                                    –         1,356,000              1,356,000
               Exchange adjustments                                                  (141,691)                   –             (141,691)
               Change in fair value                                                   221,817                    –              221,817


               At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                               5,724,272          1,356,000              7,080,272
               Additions                                                                     –            146,703               146,703
               Transfer between property, plant and equipment
                 and investment properties, net                                      (926,675)                   –             (926,675)
               Transfer from properties held for sale                                 397,024                    –              397,024
               Transfer to right-of use assets                                         (12,804)                  –              (12,804)
               Exchange adjustments                                                    (66,449)                  –              (66,449)
               Change in fair value                                                    78,481             227,297               305,778


               At 31 December 2023                                                  5,193,849          1,730,000              6,923,849



               (a)      Valuation process of the Group

                        The fair value of the investment properties has been arrived at based on an open market valuation performed
                        by Jones Lang LaSalle Limited, Colliers International (Hong Kong) Limited, KPMG, 廣東鑫光土地房地產與
                        資產評估諮詢有限公司 and 深圳市深信資產評估土地房地產估價有限公司. They are independent qualified
                        professional valuers not connected with the Group and have appropriate qualifications and recent experience
                        in the valuation of similar properties in the relevant locations.


                        For completed investment properties, the valuation included the use of inputs that are not based on an
                        observable market data (level 3 assets). The valuations were arrived at using the approach of (i) applying
                        capitalised income projections based upon a property’s estimated net market income, and a capitalisation
                        rate derived from an analysis of market evidence; and (ii) by making reference to comparables as available in
                        the relevant market.


                        For the investment property under construction, the valuation was arrived at using the residual approach,
                        which essentially involves determination of gross development value (“GDV”).


                        All of the Group’s leasehold property interests (i.e. right-of-use assets) to earn rentals are measured using the
                        fair value model and are classified and accounted for as investment properties.
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023          185
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023




18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
    (b)    Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs

           The valuation for completed investment properties was arrived at by considering the capitalised income
           derived from the existing tenancies and the reversionary potential of the properties and, where appropriate, by
           reference to market evidence of transaction prices for similar properties in the same locations and conditions.
           All investment properties carried at fair value under level 3 valuation method as at 31 December 2023 and
           2022.


           In arriving at the value for the investment property under construction, the Group has adopted the residual
           approach, which essentially involves determination of GDV based on a hypothetical development scheme
           as at the date of valuation. The estimated development cost for the proposed development including
           construction costs and professional fees together with allowances on interest payment and developer’s profit
           are deducted from the established GDV. The resultant figure is being the existing state of the property.


           Information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs

                                                   Fair value at                                                                                                 Range of
           Description                       31 December 2023      Valuation techniques              Unobservable inputs                               unobservable inputs
                                                       HK$’000


           Completed investment properties
           Properties in Hong Kong                    2,513,500    Market and Income Capitalisation (1) capitalisation rate                                         2.8%
                                                                      Approach                      (2) market rent per square foot per month               HK$46–HK$190
                                                                                                    (3) average market price per square foot                   HK$22,700
                                                                                                         for office portion


           Properties in Macau                          216,000    Income Capitalisation Approach    (1) capitalisation rate                                        3.0%
                                                                                                     (2) market rent per square foot per month               HK$10–HK$15

           Properties in Chinese mainland                85,913    Direct Comparison Approach        (1) market price per square foot                 RMB1,022–RMB3,029

           Properties in Chinese mainland             2,378,436    Income Capitalisation Approach    (1) capitalisation rate                                   3.0%–6.5%
                                                                                                     (2) market rent per square foot per month               RMB1–RMB15

           Investment property under construction

           Property in Macau                          1,730,000    Residual Method                   (1) estimated costs to completion                      HK$42,000,000
                                                                                                     (2) developer’s profit margin                                    7%
186   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (continued)
               (b)      Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (continued)

                        Information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (continued)

                                                                 Fair value at                                                                                            Range of
                        Description                        31 December 2022      Valuation techniques             Unobservable inputs                            unobservable inputs
                                                                    HK$’000


                        Completed investment properties
                        Properties in Hong Kong                    2,998,000     Income Capitalisation Approach   (1) capitalisation rate                               2.7%–3.0%
                                                                                                                  (2) market rent per square foot per month         HK$60–HK$185
                                                                                                                  (3) market price per square foot for        HK$18,039–HK$25,849
                                                                                                                       office portion

                        Properties in Macau                          215,000     Income Capitalisation Approach   (1) capitalisation rate                                   3.0%
                                                                                                                  (2) market rent per square foot per month          HK$10–HK$12

                        Properties in Chinese mainland               470,480     Direct Comparison Approach       (1) market price per square foot              RMB950–RMB3,030

                        Properties in Chinese mainland             2,040,792     Income Capitalisation Approach   (1) capitalisation rate                              2.8%–6.5%
                                                                                                                  (2) market rent per square foot per month          RMB1–RMB16

                        Investment property under construction
                        Property in Macau                          1,356,000     Residual Method                  (1) estimated costs to completion                HK$153,000,000
                                                                                                                  (2) developer’s profit margin                              15%


                        For completed investment properties, prevailing market rents are estimated based on management and
                        independent valuers’ view of recent lettings transactions within the subject properties and other comparable
                        properties. The higher the rent, the higher the fair value.


                        Capitalisation rates are estimated by independent valuers and management based on the risk profile of the
                        properties being valued and the market conditions. The lower the rate, the higher the fair value.


                        For investment property under construction, measurement of the fair value is inversely correlated to the
                        estimated costs to completed and the developer’s profit margin.


               (c)      Leasing arrangements

                        The investment properties are leased to tenants under operating leases with rentals receivable monthly.
                        Although the Group is exposed to changes in the residual value at the end of the current leases, the Group
                        typically enters into new operating leases and therefore will not immediately realise any reduction in residual
                        value at the end of these leases. Expectations about the future residual values are reflected in the fair value of
                        the properties.


                        For minimum lease payments receivable on leases of investment properties, please refer to note 47 to the
                        consolidated financial statements for details.
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023    187
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023




19. INTERESTS IN INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECT INVESTMENTS
                                                                                             2023                 2022
                                                                                         HK$’000               HK$’000


   Interests in infrastructure project investments                                      4,176,891            5,213,954
   Less: Current portion                                                                 (525,589)             (471,693)


   Non-current portion                                                                  3,651,302            4,742,261


   Interests in infrastructure project investments represent funding denominated in RMB advanced to joint ventures
   for PPP infrastructure projects located in Chinese mainland. The Group is responsible to provide finance for the
   construction of the infrastructure of these projects, whereby the Group’s return is predetermined in accordance with
   the provisions of the relevant agreements. The duration of the projects ranges from 5 to 22 years.


   The effective interest rates on the infrastructure project investments range from 6.6% to 14.9% (2022: 6.6% to
   17.1%) per annum. The interests in infrastructure project investments were not past due as at 31 December 2023
   and 2022.


   The directors reviewed individually the infrastructure projects’ operations and financial positions as at 31 December
   2023 and 2022 based on the present values of estimated future cash flows from those investments, discounted at
   their respective original effective interest rates.


   At 31 December 2023, interests in infrastructure project investments of approximately HK$1,578,414,000 (2022:
   HK$2,739,757,000) had been pledged to secure banking facilities granted to the Group (Note 36).


20. INTERESTS IN JOINT ARRANGEMENTS
   (a)     Joint ventures

                                                                                             2023                 2022
                                                                                         HK$’000               HK$’000


           Cost of investments, unlisted                                               14,858,311           14,386,505
           Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive income,
             net of dividends                                                           2,057,927            2,384,626


                                                                                       16,916,238           16,771,131
188   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      20. INTERESTS IN JOINT ARRANGEMENTS (continued)
               (a)      Joint ventures (continued)

                        Particulars regarding the principal joint ventures as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 are as follows:


                                                                Form of        Place of
                                                                business       incorporation/     Percentage of interest
                        Name of entity                          structure      operations           held by the Group       Principal activities
                                                                                                      2023         2022
                                                                                                         %           %


                        Nanjing Changjiang Second Bridge        Incorporated   Chinese mainland          65          65     Operation and
                           Company Limited                                                                                    management of a toll
                                                                                                                              bridge
                        長沙中建國際發展有限公司                            Incorporated   Chinese mainland          65          65     Infrastructure investment
                        中建（武漢光谷）建設有限公司                          Incorporated   Chinese mainland          50          50     Infrastructure investment
                        中建（唐山曹妃甸）工程建設有限公司                       Incorporated   Chinese mainland          72          72     Infrastructure investment
                        安徽蚌五高速公路投資管理有限公司                        Incorporated   Chinese mainland          70          70     Infrastructure investment
                        貴州正習高速公路投資管理有限公司                        Incorporated   Chinese mainland          30          30     Infrastructure investment
                        貴州中建秀印高速公路有限公司                          Incorporated   Chinese mainland          50          50     Infrastructure investment
                        貴州雷榕高速公路投資管理有限公司                        Incorporated   Chinese mainland          69          69     Infrastructure investment
                        曲阜尼山文旅置業有限責任公司                          Incorporated   Chinese mainland          60          60     Infrastructure investment
                        上海臨博海薈城巿建設發展有限公司                        Incorporated   Chinese mainland          49          49     Infrastructure investment
                        中建國際（襄陽）建設有限公司                          Incorporated   Chinese mainland          70          70     Infrastructure investment


                        Aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material

                        Set out below is the aggregate financial information of joint ventures that are not individually material:


                                                                                                                   2023                       2022
                                                                                                                HK$’000                  HK$’000


                        Aggregate carrying value                                                              16,916,238               16,771,131


                        Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share:
                           Post-tax profit from continuing operations                                           629,969                   275,196
                           Other comprehensive loss                                                             (448,910)              (1,209,852)


                        Total comprehensive income/(loss)                                                       181,059                  (934,656)


                        There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interests in joint ventures as at 31 December 2023
                        and 2022. At 31 December 2023, there are unpaid committed investments relating to the Group’s interests in
                        joint ventures of approximately HK$752,952,000 (2022: HK$1,307,381,000).
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023          189
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




20. INTERESTS IN JOINT ARRANGEMENTS (continued)
   (b)     Joint operations

           In addition to the construction projects undertaken by certain joint ventures as listed above, the Group has
           also established joint arrangements with other contractors to undertake construction and engineering projects
           in the form of joint operations.


           Particulars regarding the principal joint operations as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 are as follows:


                                                  Form of          Place of
                                                  business         incorporation/   Percentage of interest
           Name of entity                         structure        operations         held by the Group       Principal activities
                                                                                        2023         2022
                                                                                           %           %


           Leighton – China State Joint Venture   Unincorporated   Hong Kong               49          49     Civil engineering works
           Alchmex – Paul Y Joint Venture         Unincorporated   Hong Kong               55          55     Civil engineering works
           AJA Joint Venture                      Unincorporated   Hong Kong             31.2        31.2     Civil engineering works
           AJC Joint Venture                      Unincorporated   Hong Kong             30.5        30.5     Civil engineering works
           CSME – Southa Joint Venture            Unincorporated   Hong Kong               51          51     Mechanical and electrical
                                                                                                                engineering works



21. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                       2023                       2022
                                                                                                  HK$’000                    HK$’000


   Unlisted companies
     Cost of investments in associates                                                           2,725,828                 2,890,203
     Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive income,
         net of dividends                                                                        1,179,777                 1,069,594


                                                                                                 3,905,605                 3,959,797
     Loans to associates                                                                         2,210,723                 3,522,796


                                                                                                 6,116,328                 7,482,593


   Included in the cost of investments in associates is goodwill of approximately HK$494,000 (2022: HK$494,000)
   arising from acquisitions of associates in prior years.


   The loans to associates of approximately HK$2,207,055,000 (2022: HK$606,818,000) are unsecured, interest
   free and are not expected to be repaid within twelve months after the end of reporting period. The balances are
   denominated in HK$ and RMB.
190   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      21. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
               The remaining loans to associates are unsecured, interest bearing of 9.5% (2022: from 4.75% to 9.5%) per
               annum and are not expected to be repaid within twelve months after the end of reporting period. The balances are
               denominated in RMB.


               Particulars regarding the principal associates as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 are follows:


                                                   Form of      Place of                            Proportion of nominal
                                                   business     incorporation/     Class of         value of issued share
               Name of entity                      structure    operations         shares held     capital held by the Group   Principal activities
                                                                                                        2023         2022
                                                                                                          %             %


               Fast Shift Investments Limited      Incorporated BVI/Macau          Non-voting              29           29     Investment holding
                   (“Fast Shift”)                                                    class B   #


               澳門水泥廠有限公司                           Incorporated Macau              Ordinary             31.34        31.34     Manufacture and sale of
                                                                                                                                 ready-mixed concrete
               Trillion Vantage Investments        Incorporated BVI/Hong Kong      Ordinary                20           20     Investment holding
                   Limited (“Trillion Vantage”)
               Macfull Limited                     Incorporated Hong Kong          Ordinary                20           20     Property development
               六盤水董大公路投資開有限責任                      Incorporated Chinese mainland   Ordinary                25           25     Infrastructure investment
                   公司
               中建（泉州）城市發展有限公司                      Incorporated Chinese mainland   Ordinary                35           35     Property development
               福州海建地產有限公司                          Incorporated Chinese mainland   Ordinary                50           50     Property development
               株洲中海宏洋地產有限公司                        Incorporated Chinese mainland   Ordinary                30           30     Property development
                   (formerly known as 株洲中海
                   地產有限公司)
               珠海市海悅房地產開發有限公司                      Incorporated Chinese mainland   Ordinary                20           20     Property development
                   (“珠海市海悅”)


               #
                          Holder of non-voting class B shares of Fast Shift, through Fast Shift’s interest in Nova Taipa – Urbanizações, Limitada
                          (“NTUL”), is entitled to 29% (2022: 29%) of the economic benefits in or losses arising from the residential portion of Nova
                          City Phase V in Macau owned and developed by NTUL.
                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023    191
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2023




21. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (continued)
    During the year, share of profits of associates amounted to approximately HK$163,831,000 (2022: HK$213,931,000)
    was derived from Fast Shift, Trilion Vantage and 珠海市海悅. Set out below is the aggregate financial information of
    the Group’s associates:


                                                                                              2023                   2022
                                                                                          HK$’000                HK$’000


    Aggregate carrying value                                                             3,905,605             3,959,797


    Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share:
      Post-tax profit from continuing operations                                           314,539               333,934
      Other comprehensive loss                                                              (86,535)             (212,060)


    Total comprehensive income                                                             228,004               121,874


    There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interests in associates as at 31 December 2023 and 2022.


22. CONCESSION OPERATING RIGHTS
                                                                                              2023                   2022
                                                                                          HK$’000                HK$’000


    Cost
    At 1 January                                                                         6,362,957             6,869,067
    Exchange adjustments                                                                  (195,023)              (506,110)


    At 31 December                                                                       6,167,934             6,362,957


    Amortisation and impairment
    At 1 January                                                                         3,034,891             3,084,295
    Charge for the year                                                                    161,674               168,262
    Exchange adjustments                                                                    (94,888)             (217,666)


    At 31 December                                                                       3,101,677             3,034,891


    Carrying values
    At 31 December                                                                       3,066,257             3,328,066
192   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      22. CONCESSION OPERATING RIGHTS (continued)
               The concession operating rights relate to Shanxi Yangquan Yangwu Expressway (Yangquan to Yuxian section)
               and Class 1 Highway from Yangquan to Niangziguan, Shanxi Province with net carrying amounts of approximately
               HK$1,505,642,000 (2022: HK$1,643,176,000) and HK$1,560,615,000 (2022: HK$1,684,890,000), respectively,
               both of which are located in Chinese mainland. The carrying amount is measured by the construction and other
               costs incurred by the Group plus estimated profit margin, which is calculated by making reference to similar projects
               undertaken in Chinese mainland. The Group has been granted by the relevant local government authorities the rights
               to operate the respective toll roads for 30 years from the date of approval by the local government. The operation of
               Shanxi Yangquan Yangwu Expressway (Yangquan to Yuxian section) is from 8 May 2011 to 7 May 2041 and Class
               1 Highway from Yangquan to Niangziguan, Shanxi Province is from 22 July 2015 to 21 July 2045. According to
               the relevant government authorities’ approval documents and the relevant regulations, the Group is responsible for
               construction of the toll expressways, acquisition of the related facilities and equipment, operations, management,
               maintenance and overhaul of the toll roads during the approved operating periods. The toll fees collected during
               the operating periods are attributable to the Group. The relevant concession operating rights and relevant assets
               are required to be returned to the local government authorities when the operating rights periods expire without any
               payments made to the Group.


               At 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group appointed an independent professional traffic consultant to perform
               traffic studies and an independent valuer to perform value-in-use calculation of Shanxi Yangquan Yangwu Express
               (Yangquan to Yuxian section) and Class 1 Highway from Yangquan to Niangziguan, Shanxi Province using income
               approach. The assessment relied on the key assumptions, including future traffic volumes, toll fee levels, length of
               operating rights, maintenance costs and discount rates. An average revenue growth rate of 11% to 13% (2022: 11%
               to 15%) and a pre-tax discount rate of 10% (2022: 12%) have been used in the value-in-use calculation.
                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023           193
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023




23. DEFERRED TAXATION
   The analysis of the Group’s deferred tax liabilities/(assets) is as follows:


                                                                                              Undistributed
                                                                                                  earnings
                                                                                                of Chinese Recognition
                                                                                                 mainland of intangible
                                         Revaluation Accelerated Concession                    subsidiaries   assets on
                                        of investment         tax    operating    Deferred        and joint    business Revaluation
                                          properties depreciation       rights     income         ventures combination       of land   Tax losses     Others       Total
                                            HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000


   At 1 January 2022                         207,706       13,288     131,690      (49,981)         38,304       30,940       5,158       (54,906)    24,765     346,964
   Exchange adjustments                        (1,810)          –       (1,780)      8,312               –            –           –             –      1,366       6,088
   Charged/(credited) to consolidated
      income statement (Note 12)             153,334       (8,740)    (101,743)    (57,705)              –            –        (753)      52,334       (1,585)    35,142
   Charged to investment revaluation
      reserve                                    316            –            –           –               –            –           –             –           –       316


   At 31 December 2022 and
      1 January 2023                         359,546        4,548      28,167      (99,374)         38,304       30,940       4,405        (2,572)    24,546     388,510
   Exchange adjustments                        (1,882)         (4)        (656)      3,161               –            –           –             –      2,303       2,922
   Charged/(credited) to consolidated
      income statement (Note 12)              82,298        4,083            –      (8,303)              –            –           –             –     (1,944)     76,134


   At 31 December 2023                       439,962        8,627      27,511     (104,516)         38,304       30,940       4,405        (2,572)    24,905     467,566
194   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      23. DEFERRED TAXATION (continued)
               The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting purposes:


                                                                                                              2023               2022
                                                                                                        HK$’000              HK$’000


               Deferred tax assets                                                                       123,170              119,698
               Deferred tax liabilities                                                                 (590,736)            (508,208)


                                                                                                        (467,566)            (388,510)


               At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unused tax losses of approximately HK$6,591,442,000 (2022:
               HK$6,687,729,000) not recognised in the consolidated financial statements. No deferred tax asset has been
               recognised in respect of the unused tax losses due to the unpredictability of future taxable profit streams. Included in
               unrecognised tax losses are losses of approximately HK$3,217,974,000 (2022: HK$3,478,711,000) that will expire
               within five years. Other losses may be carried forward indefinitely.


               Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors
               from foreign enterprises established in Chinese mainland and applies to earnings after 31 December 2007. The
               aggregate amount of temporary differences attributable to the unremitted earnings associated with investments in
               subsidiaries and joint ventures in Chinese mainland for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognised totalled
               approximately HK$42,720,135,000 (2022: HK$38,038,137,000) as at 31 December 2023.
                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023       195
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023




24. TRADEMARK, PROJECT BACKLOGS, LICENCES AND GOODWILL
                                                           Project
                                    Trademark           backlogs           Licences            Goodwill               Total
                                       HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000


   Cost
   At 1 January 2022                    216,708            45,359            191,311            577,664          1,031,042
   Exchange adjustments                         –                 –           (14,014)                 –            (14,014)


   At 31 December 2022 and
     1 January 2023                     216,708            45,359            177,297            577,664          1,017,028
   Exchange adjustments                         –                 –            (5,161)                 –             (5,161)


   At 31 December 2023                  216,708            45,359            172,136            577,664          1,011,867


   Amortisation
   At 1 January 2022                    105,645            45,359             36,272                   –           187,276
   Charge for the year                   10,836                   –             6,857                  –            17,693
   Exchange adjustments                         –                 –            (2,966)                 –             (2,966)


   At 31 December 2022 and
     1 January 2023                     116,481            45,359             40,163                   –           202,003
   Charge for the year                   10,835                   –             6,589                  –            17,424
   Exchange adjustments                         –                 –            (1,340)                 –             (1,340)


   At 31 December 2023                  127,316            45,359             45,412                   –           218,087


   Carrying values
   At 31 December 2023                   89,392                   –          126,724            577,664            793,780


   At 31 December 2022                  100,227                   –          137,134            577,664            815,025


   The intangible assets include trademark, project backlogs, construction licences and goodwill recognised from
   various acquisitions of subsidiaries by the Group.


   The estimated useful lives of trademark and project backlogs of 20 and 3 years, respectively, are based on the terms
   of existing contracts and historical data.


   A Chinese mainland construction licence was acquired as part of a business combination. It is recognised at its fair
   value at the date of acquisition and is subsequently amortised on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of
   25 years. Its carrying amount is approximately HK$116,774,000 (2022: HK$127,184,000) as at 31 December 2023.
196   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      24. TRADEMARK, PROJECT BACKLOGS, LICENCES AND GOODWILL
               (continued)

               The construction licences with carrying amount of approximately HK$9,950,000 (2022: HK$9,950,000) were
               granted by the Works Branch, Development Bureau of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (“HKSAR”).
               The construction licences basically have no legal life but are renewable every year as long as the subsidiary holding
               the licences is able to comply with certain provisions and requirements set out by the Works Branch, Development
               Bureau of the HKSAR throughout the relevant period.


               Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s CGU of the CSC Development Group. For impairment assessment of goodwill,
               the recoverable amount of the CSC Development Group CGU as at the end of each reporting period is determined
               based on fair value less costs of disposal by making reference to its market share price.


               Based on the impairment testing at the end of the reporting period, the management considers that there is no
               impairment of the Group’s construction licences and goodwill.


      25. F I N A N C I A L A S S E T S A T F A I R V A L U E T H R O U G H O T H E R
          COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
               (a)      Classification of equity and debt securities at FVOCI

                        Equity and debt securities at FVOCI comprise:


                        •        Equity securities which are not held for trading and which the Group has irrevocably elected at initial
                                 recognition to recognise in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group considers the
                                 classification to be more relevant.


                        •        Debt securities where the contractual cash flows are solely principal and interest and the objective of
                                 the Group’s business model is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial
                                 assets.
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023        197
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023




25. F I N A N C I A L A S S E T S A T F A I R V A L U E T H R O U G H O T H E R
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)
    (b)    Equity securities at FVOCI

           Equity securities at FVOCI comprise the following individual investments:


                                                                                                    2023                    2022
                                                                                                HK$’000                 HK$’000


           Non-current assets
           Unlisted securities
             Equity securities (Note)                                                            195,834                195,947


           On disposal of these equity securities, any related balance within the investment revaluation reserve will be
           reclassified to retained profits.


           Note:   At 31 December 2023, an amount of approximately HK$140,811,000 (2022: HK$140,811,000) included in the
                   carrying amount of equity securities are those issued by subsidiaries of China Overseas Land & Investment Ltd.
                   (“COLI”), a fellow subsidiary of the Group.


    (c)    Debt securities at FVOCI

           Debt securities at FVOCI comprise the following individual investments:


                                                                                                    2023                    2022
                                                                                                HK$’000                 HK$’000


           Non-current assets
           Listed securities
             Debt securities listed in Hong Kong (Note)                                          130,666                182,512
             Debt securities listed in overseas                                                   62,209                167,427


                                                                                                 192,875                349,939


           On disposal of these debt securities, any related balance within the investment revaluation reserve will be
           reclassified to consolidated income statement.


           Note:   At 31 December 2023, an amount of approximately HK$45,767,000 (2022: HK$43,207,000) included in the
                   carrying amount of debt securities listed in Hong Kong, represents debentures issued by a subsidiary of COLI, a
                   fellow subsidiary of the Group.


           The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of the debt securities. None of
           these financial assets is either past due or impaired. No impairment loss on debt securities is recognised as
           the issuers of the securities have high credit ratings and no default interest payment have occurred in the past.
198   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      25. F I N A N C I A L A S S E T S A T F A I R V A L U E T H R O U G H O T H E R
          COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (continued)
               (d)      Financial assets at FVOCI are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                                                        HK$’000        HK$’000


                        HK$                                                                             140,811         140,811
                        RMB                                                                                3,543          3,656
                        US$                                                                             192,875         349,939
                        Macao Pataca (“MOP”)                                                             51,480          51,480


                                                                                                        388,709         545,886


                        The financial assets were presented as non-current assets unless they matured, or management intended to
                        dispose of them within twelve months from the end of the reporting period.


      26. AMOUNTS DUE FROM INVESTEE COMPANIES
               Amounts due from investee companies are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand. No repayment is
               expected within next twelve months from the end of the reporting period.


               At 31 December 2023, these amounts include advances to subsidiaries of COLI, a fellow subsidiary of the Group,
               amounting to approximately HK$211,853,000 (2022: HK$211,853,000).


      27. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                                  Notes                 HK$’000        HK$’000


               Trade receivables and retention receivables                                           112,080,578     98,919,189
               Less: Allowance for doubtful debts                                                       (125,986)       (60,240)


                                                                                                     111,954,592     98,858,949
               Other receivables                                                                      19,060,374     20,256,913


               Trade and other receivables                                          (a)              131,014,966    119,115,862
               Less: Current portion                                                                 (75,414,120)   (65,830,023)


               Non-current portion                                                  (b)               55,600,846     53,285,839
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023        199
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




27. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
   Notes:


   (a)       Trade receivables and retention receivables include balances with related companies amounting to approximately
             HK$3,606,773,000 (2022: HK$4,821,288,000), which are unsecured, interest free and repayable in accordance with the
             terms of relevant agreements.


   (b)       The balances of non-current portion are mainly attributable to certain construction related investment projects in Chinese
             mainland. Certain balances are interest bearing in accordance with the relevant contract terms. The amount is expected to
             be gradually and fully recovered from 2025 to 2033, with approximately HK$21,193,440,000 in 2025, HK$12,654,963,000
             in 2026, HK$7,284,366,000 in 2027 and HK$14,468,077,000 in 2028 to 2033. As a result, they are classified as non-
             current.


   The analysis of trade and other receivables, including the ageing analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for
   doubtful debts, presented based on the invoice date or the term of the related contract, is as follows:


                                                                                                        2023                     2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000                  HK$’000


   Trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful debts, aged:
         0–30 days                                                                                 5,124,691              20,671,014
         31–90 days                                                                                8,655,847               3,281,673
         Over 90 days                                                                            92,080,665               69,308,598


                                                                                                105,861,203               93,261,285
   Retention receivables                                                                           6,093,389               5,597,664
   Other receivables                                                                             19,060,374               20,256,913


   Trade and other receivables                                                                  131,014,966             119,115,862
   Less: Current portion                                                                        (75,414,120)             (65,830,023)


   Non-current portion (Note)                                                                    55,600,846               53,285,839


   Note:     Included in the receivables aged over 90 days are receivables attributable to the construction related investment projects
             amounting to approximately HK$51,734,692,000 (2022: HK$50,960,828,000).


   Retention receivables are interest free and recoverable at the end of the retention period of individual construction
   contracts ranging from 1 to 2 years. At 31 December 2023, the amount of retention receivables expected to be
   recovered after more than one year is approximately HK$3,309,066,000 (2022: HK$2,933,641,000).


   Except for the receivables arising from construction contracts, including construction related investment projects
   which are billed and payable in accordance with the terms of relevant agreements, the Group generally allows an
   average credit period of not exceeding 90 days to its trade customers and the retention receivables are recoverable
   upon the expiry of defect liability period of construction.


   At 31 December 2023, trade receivables of approximately HK$11,034,923,000 (2022: HK$13,428,479,000) are
   pledged to secure banking facilities granted to the Group (Note 36).
200   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      27. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
               Movement in the allowance for doubtful debts

                                                                                                                     2023                     2022
                                                                                                                HK$’000                  HK$’000


               At 1 January                                                                                        60,240                  24,400
               Exchange adjustments                                                                                   (419)                 (1,857)
               Impairment losses recognised on receivables, net                                                    93,046                  37,697
               Amount written off as uncollectible                                                                (26,881)                        –


               At 31 December                                                                                    125,986                   60,240


               Before accepting any new customer, the Group will assess the potential customer’s credit quality and will define a
               credit limit. Limits attributed to customers are reviewed every year.


               Other receivables

               The analysis of other receivables is as follows:


                                                                                                                     2023                     2022
                                                                                          Notes                 HK$’000                  HK$’000


               Payments for government targeted repurchase project                          (a)               16,655,594              13,840,000
               Bid and other deposits                                                       (b)                1,671,975                1,780,788
               Advances receivables                                                         (c)                  279,305                  964,368
               Input value-added tax                                                                                     –              3,010,414
               Others                                                                                            453,500                  661,343


                                                                                                              19,060,374              20,256,913


               Notes:


               (a)      The balance represents amounts paid to local governments for acquisitions of land for construction of government targeted
                        repurchase projects. It will be charged to profit and loss over the period of the contract by reference to the progress
                        towards completion satisfaction of that performance obligation.


               (b)      The balance represents bid deposits, performance bonds, wage guarantee deposits and other deposits for construction
                        related projects. These balances will be refunded upon completion of tender process or projects.


               (c)      The balance represents construction and material purchase costs paid on behalf of sub-contractors and employers of
                        construction related projects. It includes balances with fellow subsidiaries amounting to approximately HK$95,371,000 (2022:
                        HK$168,159,000), which are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023     201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023




27. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (continued)
   Trade and other receivables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                            2023                 2022
                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000


   HK$                                                                                 4,340,183            6,137,263
   RMB                                                                              125,847,771           111,545,615
   MOP                                                                                  595,100             1,169,976
   US$                                                                                    59,249               51,863
   Others                                                                               172,663               211,145


                                                                                    131,014,966           119,115,862



28. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) JOINT VENTURES AND LOANS TO
    JOINT VENTURES
   Amounts due from/(to) joint ventures are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand. The balances are mainly
   denominated in RMB.


   At 31 December 2022, current portion of the loans to joint ventures was unsecured, carrying interest of 4.75% per
   annum and was expected to be repaid within twelve months after the end of the reporting period. The balances were
   denominated in RMB. No such balance is noted as at 31 December 2023.


   Non-current portion of the loans to joint ventures is unsecured, carrying interest at 4.75% to 5.50% (2022: 5.00% to
   5.88%) per annum and is not expected to be repaid within twelve months after the end of the reporting period. The
   balances are denominated in HK$ and RMB (2022: HK$ and RMB).


29. INVENTORIES
                                                                                            2023                 2022
                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000


   Raw materials and consumables                                                        278,976               311,627
   Work in progress                                                                       10,773                 3,656
   Finished goods                                                                       233,103               274,963


                                                                                        522,852               590,246
202   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      30. PROPERTIES UNDER DEVELOPMENT
                                                                                                                    2023                    2022
                                                                                                               HK$’000                  HK$’000


               Properties under development                                                                   6,289,737               6,827,851


               Included in the amount are properties under development of approximately HK$4,910,353,000 (2022:
               HK$6,502,238,000) not expected to be completed and ready for sale within twelve months from the end of the
               reporting period.


               At 31 December 2023, properties under development of approximately HK$253,304,000 (2022: Nil) had been
               pledged to secure banking facilities granted to the Group (Note 36).


      31. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES
               The Group has recognised the following assets/(liabilities) related to contracts with customers:


                                                                                         31 December           31 December             1 January
                                                                                                    2023                2022                2022
                                                                              Notes            HK$’000              HK$’000             HK$’000


               Contract assets related to construction services                 (a)          21,593,655          18,777,148          13,467,619


               Contract liabilities related to                                  (b)
                     Construction services                                                   (9,482,020)          (8,014,288)         (9,092,852)
                     Thermoelectricity business                                              (1,036,195)          (1,152,700)         (1,237,073)


                                                                                            (10,518,215)          (9,166,988)       (10,329,925)
               Less: Current portion                                                          9,926,742           8,503,090           9,662,819


               Non-current portion                                                              (591,473)           (663,898)           (667,106)


               Notes:


               (a)        Contract assets are related to construction services and consist of unbilled amount resulting from construction when the
                          cost-to-cost method of revenue recognised exceeds the amount billed to the customer.


               (b)        The Group receives payments from customers based on billing schedule as established in contracts. Payments are usually
                          received in advance of the performance under the contracts which are mainly from construction services.
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023   203
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023




31. CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (continued)
   The following table shows the amount of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period which relates to
   contract liability balance at the beginning of the year and the amount relating to performance obligations that were
   satisfied in previous years:


                                                                                                 2023                2022
                                                                                            HK$’000               HK$’000


   Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liability
     balance at the beginning of the year:
     Construction services                                                                 4,383,484             6,250,972
     Thermoelectricity business                                                              411,651              459,922


                                                                                           4,795,135             6,710,894


   Revenue recognised from performance obligations satisfied/
     partially satisfied in previous periods:
     Construction services                                                                   107,560               93,092


   The following table shows the amount of unsatisfied performance obligations:


                                                                                                 2023                2022
                                                                                            HK$’000               HK$’000


   Expected to be recognised within one year                                            120,953,642           108,034,667
   Expected to be recognised after one year                                               96,685,850            51,973,433


                                                                                        217,639,492           160,008,100


   For all other contracts with an original expected duration of one year or less or are billed based on time incurred, as
   permitted under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.


   For retention receivables, please refer to note 27 to the consolidated financial statements for details.


32. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) ASSOCIATES
   Amounts due from/(to) associates are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand. The balances are mainly
   denominated in RMB.
204   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      33. AMOUNTS DUE FROM/(TO) RELATED COMPANIES
               The amounts due from/(to) related companies are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.


      34. BANK BALANCES AND CASH
                                                                                                                   2023                   2022
                                                                                         Notes                HK$’000                 HK$’000


               Bank balances and cash                                                                      28,462,889              23,881,499
               Less: Pledged bank deposits                                                 (a)                  (66,451)                 (6,367)
                        Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of
                          over three months                                                                      (4,800)              (373,951)


               Cash and cash equivalents                                                   (b)             28,391,638              23,501,181


               Notes:


               (a)       Bank deposits are pledged and earn interest at fixed rates of 0.20% (2022: 0.25% to 2.60%) per annum.


               (b)       Bank balances, excluding bank current accounts, earn interest at market rates ranging from 0.001% to 5.630% (2022:
                         0.001% to 5.080%) per annum. Bank balances comprise fixed deposits held by the Group with an original maturity of three
                         months or less.


               Bank balances include balances with a fellow subsidiary of the Group, which is a non-bank financial institution in
               Chinese mainland, amounting to approximately HK$14,240,000 (2022: HK$612,300,000).


               Bank balances and cash are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                                   2023                   2022
                                                                                                              HK$’000                 HK$’000


               HK$                                                                                           4,918,561              6,270,944
               RMB                                                                                         22,440,638              15,617,709
               MOP                                                                                             717,055              1,648,566
               US$                                                                                             274,864                256,812
               Others                                                                                          111,771                  87,468


                                                                                                           28,462,889              23,881,499


               In respect of the balance denominated in RMB of the Group’s subsidiaries incorporated in Chinese mainland,
               conversion into foreign currencies is subject to the Regulations of the People’s Republic of China on the Management
               of Foreign Exchanges and Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations.
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023     205
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023




35. TRADE PAYABLES, OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
   An analysis of trade payables, other payables and accruals, including the ageing analysis of trade payables, presented
   based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                              2023                 2022
                                                                                         HK$’000                HK$’000


   Trade payables, aged:
     0–30 days                                                                         45,951,489            42,992,914
     31–90 days                                                                         2,594,005             1,562,303
     Over 90 days                                                                       9,524,192             9,106,748


                                                                                       58,069,686            53,661,965
   Retention payables                                                                   7,092,650             6,820,303
   Other payables and accruals                                                          9,722,213             9,254,451


                                                                                       74,884,549            69,736,719


   Included in trade payables and retention payables are balances with related companies amounting to approximately
   HK$13,390,721,000 (2022: HK$14,418,863,000), which are unsecured, interest free and repayable in accordance
   with the terms of relevant agreements.


   Other payables and accruals mainly comprise staff cost, other tax and other operating expenses payables. Included
   in other payables and accruals are balances with the immediate holding company and related companies amounting
   to approximately HK$3,450,000 (2022: HK$1,500,000) and HK$424,566,000 (2022: HK$382,289,000), respectively,
   which are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.


   The average credit period on trade and construction cost payables is 60 days. At 31 December 2023, the amount
   of retention payables expected to be settled after more than one year is approximately HK$3,800,702,000 (2022:
   HK$3,971,625,000).


   Trade payables, other payables and accruals are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                              2023                 2022
                                                                                         HK$’000                HK$’000


   HK$                                                                                 12,409,893            11,992,699
   RMB                                                                                 59,822,419            54,411,111
   MOP                                                                                  2,511,401             3,159,543
   US$                                                                                     17,341                19,178
   Others                                                                                 123,495               154,188


                                                                                       74,884,549            69,736,719
206   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      36. BANK BORROWINGS
                                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                                                      HK$’000               HK$’000


               Bank borrowings, secured                                                            12,089,475            16,272,083
               Bank borrowings, unsecured                                                          55,735,988            42,904,781


                                                                                                   67,825,463            59,176,864
               Less: Current portion                                                              (16,515,007)           (13,719,657)


               Non-current portion                                                                 51,310,456            45,457,207


               Carrying amount repayable:
                 Within one year or on demand                                                      16,515,007            13,719,657
                 More than one year but not exceeding two years                                    17,789,729            16,551,708
                 More than two years but not more than five years                                  27,643,613            19,068,083
                 More than five years                                                               5,877,114              9,837,416


                                                                                                   67,825,463            59,176,864


               The fair values of bank borrowings approximate their carrying amounts as the impact of discounting is not significant.


               The secured bank borrowings are secured by property, plant and equipment, interests in infrastructure project
               investments, properties under development and trade receivables. The unsecured bank borrowings included the
               bank borrowings with financial covenants which are required to be fulfilled by the Group to the banks.


               Bank borrowings are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                                                      HK$’000               HK$’000


               HK$                                                                                 10,346,196            12,067,937
               RMB                                                                                 57,469,217            46,679,304
               Canadian Dollar (“CAD”)                                                                  10,050               429,623


                                                                                                   67,825,463            59,176,864
                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023     207
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023




36. BANK BORROWINGS (continued)
    The effective interest rates of bank borrowings are as follows:


                                                              2023                                2022
                                                    HK$         RMB       CAD           HK$         RMB          CAD
                                                      %               %     %             %              %          %


    Bank borrowings, secured                           –         4.29     4.24             –        4.53          6.59
    Bank borrowings, unsecured                      5.19         3.35        –          2.70        3.93          6.20



37. LOANS FROM A FELLOW SUBSIDIARY
    As at 31 December 2023, loans from a fellow subsidiary are unsecured, carrying interests of 2.85% (2022: 3.00% to
    3.45%) per annum and repayable on demand. The balances are denominated in RMB.


38. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                            Number of shares                  Amount
                                                                                                              HK$’000


    Authorised:
      Ordinary shares of HK$0.025 each                                           60,000,000,000              1,500,000


    Issued and paid up:
      At 31 December 2022, 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023                    5,037,616,668               125,940
208   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      39. SHARE PREMIUM AND RESERVES
                                                                                                  Capital    Investment
                                                                       Share       Special    redemption     revaluation   Translation    Statutory      Retained
                                                                     premium       reserve       reserve        reserve       reserve      reserve          profits        Total
                                                                     HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000
                                                                                 (Note (a))     (Note (b))                                (Note (c))     (Note (d))


               At 1 January 2022                                   20,486,023   (6,542,756)          337       213,290     1,896,489      692,536      39,574,306     56,320,225


               Profit for the year                                          –            –              –             –             –             –     7,956,876      7,956,876
               Loss on fair value changes of debt securities
                   at FVOCI                                                 –            –              –       (97,783)            –             –              –       (97,783)
               Release of investment revaluation reserve
                   to consolidated income statement upon
                   disposal of debt securities at FVOCI                     –            –              –         7,311             –             –              –         7,311
               Gain on fair value changes of investment
                   properties transferred from property,
                   plant and equipment, net of tax                          –            –              –         8,470             –             –              –         8,470
               Exchange differences on translation of
                   subsidiaries                                             –            –              –             –    (2,994,195)            –              –    (2,994,195)
               Exchange differences on translation of
                   joint ventures                                           –            –              –             –    (1,209,852)            –              –    (1,209,852)
               Exchange differences on translation of associates            –            –              –             –     (212,060)             –              –      (212,060)


               Total comprehensive (loss)/income
                   for the year                                             –            –              –       (82,002)   (4,416,107)            –     7,956,876      3,458,767


               Capital contribution relating to share-based
                   payment borne by an intermediate holding
                   company (Note 44)                                        –      32,990               –             –             –             –              –       32,990
               Lapse of incentive shares (Note 44)                          –       (5,513)             –             –             –             –         5,513              –
               Exercise of incentive shares (Note 44)                      –       (20,743)             –             –             –             –        20,743              –
               Disposal of partial interest in a subsidiary
                   (Note (e))                                               –      92,481               –             –             –             –              –       92,481
               2021 final dividend paid                                     –            –              –             –             –             –    (1,032,711)    (1,032,711)
               2022 interim dividend paid                                  –             –              –             –             –             –    (1,209,028)    (1,209,028)
               Transfer to special reserve                                 –      135,294               –             –             –             –      (135,294)             –
               Transfer to statutory reserve                               –             –              –             –             –     379,961        (379,961)             –
               Unclaimed dividends forfeited                               –             –              –             –             –             –         1,497         1,497


               Total transactions with owners,
                   recognised directly in equity                            –     234,509               –             –             –     379,961      (2,729,241)    (2,114,771)


               At 31 December 2022                                 20,486,023   (6,308,247)          337       131,288     (2,519,618)   1,072,497     44,801,941     57,664,221
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023            209
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2023




39. SHARE PREMIUM AND RESERVES (continued)
                                                                                      Capital    Investment
                                                           Share      Special     redemption     revaluation    Translation    Statutory       Retained
                                                        premium       reserve        reserve        reserve        reserve      reserve          profits         Total
                                                         HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000
                                                                    (Note (a))      (Note (b))                                 (Note (c))      (Note (d))


   At 1 January 2023                                   20,486,023   (6,308,247)           337       131,288      (2,519,618)   1,072,497      44,801,941    57,664,221


   Profit for the year                                          –            –              –              –              –            –       9,164,045     9,164,045
   Loss on fair value changes of debt securities
       at FVOCI                                                 –            –              –        (99,090)             –            –               –       (99,090)
   Release of investment revaluation reserve
       to consolidated income statement upon
       disposal of debt securities at FVOCI                     –            –              –         3,835               –            –               –         3,835
   Impairment loss on debt securities at FVOCI                  –            –              –       117,782               –            –               –      117,782
   Exchange differences on translation of
       subsidiaries                                             –            –              –              –     (2,139,033)           –               –    (2,139,033)
   Exchange differences on translation of
       joint ventures                                           –            –              –              –      (448,910)            –               –      (448,910)
   Exchange differences on translation of associates            –            –              –              –        (86,535)           –               –       (86,535)


   Total comprehensive income/(loss)
       for the year                                             –            –              –        22,527      (2,674,478)           –       9,164,045     6,512,094


   Capital contribution relating to share-based
       payment borne by an intermediate holding
       company (Note 44)                                        –       6,037               –              –              –            –               –         6,037
   Lapse of incentive shares (Note 44)                          –       (4,715)             –              –              –            –           4,715             –
   Exercise of incentive shares (Note 44)                       –      (41,586)             –              –              –            –         41,586              –
   2022 final dividend paid                                     –            –              –              –              –            –      (1,209,028)   (1,209,028)
   2023 interim dividend paid                                  –             –              –              –              –            –      (1,385,345)   (1,385,345)
   Transfer to special reserve                                 –      139,326               –              –              –            –        (129,826)        9,500
   Transfer to statutory reserve                               –             –              –              –              –    1,172,445      (1,172,445)            –


   Total transactions with owners,
       recognised directly in equity                            –      99,062               –              –              –    1,172,445      (3,850,343)   (2,578,836)


   At 31 December 2023                                 20,486,023   (6,209,185)           337       153,815      (5,194,096)   2,244,942      50,115,643    61,597,479
210   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      39. SHARE PREMIUM AND RESERVES (continued)
               Notes:

               (a)      Special reserve mainly represents merger reserve arose from business combinations under common control, reserve
                        arose from the changes in shareholding of subsidiaries, capital contribution relating to share-based payment borne by an
                        intermediate holding company, work safety funds and insurance general reserve.

               (b)      Capital redemption reserve represents the amount by which the Company’s issued share capital was diminished on
                        cancellation of ordinary shares repurchased.

               (c)      Statutory reserve of the Group represents a general and development fund reserve applicable to the overseas and Chinese
                        mainland subsidiaries which were established in accordance with the relevant regulations.

               (d)      Included in retained profits as at 31 December 2023 is the proposed 2023 final dividend of approximately
                        HK$1,435,721,000 (2022: HK$1,209,028,000).

               (e)      During the year ended 31 December 2022, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company disposed of an aggregate of
                        100,000,000 shares of CSC Development at a price of HK$2.20 per share through private placing to certain independent
                        investors. As a result, the Group’s shareholding in CSC Development was reduced from 74.1% to 69.4%. Subsequently,
                        the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company subscribed an aggregate of 100,000,000 new shares of CSC Development
                        at a price of HK$2.20 per share. As a result, the Group’s shareholding in CSC Development was increased from 69.4%
                        to 70.8%. The partial disposal did not result in a loss of control and was thus accounted for as an equity transaction.
                        Accordingly, the excess of approximately HK$92,481,000, representing the difference between the cash consideration
                        received for the disposal of partial interest in CSC Development of approximately HK$219,028,000 and the carrying amount
                        of the attributable share of net assets of CSC Development of approximately HK$126,547,000, was credited to the special
                        reserve.


      40. PERPETUAL CAPITAL SECURITIES
               On 3 December 2019, a subsidiary of the Group issued US$500,000,000 4.0% subordinated perpetual capital
               securities (the “2019 Perpetual Capital Securities”). The 2019 Perpetual Capital Securities do not have maturity dates
               and the distribution payments can be deferred at the discretion of either the subsidiary or the Company. Therefore,
               the 2019 Perpetual Capital Securities are classified as equity instruments and recorded in equity in the consolidated
               statement of financial position. When the subsidiary or the Company elects to declare dividends to their shareholders,
               the Group shall make distributions to the holders of 2019 Perpetual Capital Securities at the distribution rates as
               defined in the subscription agreements.


               On 9 June 2021, a subsidiary of the Group issued US$500,000,000 3.4% subordinated perpetual capital securities
               (the “2021 Perpetual Capital Securities”). The 2021 Perpetual Capital Securities do not have maturity dates and the
               distribution payments can be deferred at the discretion of either the subsidiary or the Company. Therefore, the 2021
               Perpetual Capital Securities are classified as equity instruments and recorded in equity in the consolidated statement
               of financial position. When the subsidiary or the Company elects to declare dividends to their shareholders, the Group
               shall make distributions to the holders of 2021 Perpetual Capital Securities at the distribution rates as defined in the
               subscription agreements.


               On 16 November 2023, a subsidiary of the Group issued RMB2,000,000,000 3.50% perpetual medium term
               notes (the “2023 Perpetual Medium Term Notes”). The 2023 Perpetual Medium Term Notes have a maturity of
               3+N years and the distribution payments can be deferred at the discretion of either the subsidiary or the Company.
               Therefore, the 2023 Perpetual Medium Term Notes are classified as equity instruments and recorded in equity in
               the consolidated statement of financial position. When the subsidiary or the Company elects to declare dividends to
               their shareholders, the Group shall make distributions to the holders of 2023 Perpetual Medium Term Notes at the
               distribution rates as defined in the subscription agreements.
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023       211
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




41. GUARANTEED NOTES PAYABLE AND CORPORATE BONDS
                                                                                                        2023                     2022
                                                                             Notes                  HK$’000                 HK$’000


   US$250,000,000 3.875% guaranteed notes                                      (a)                1,943,562                1,942,070
   RMB2,000,000,000 3.48% corporate bonds                                      (b)                           –             2,412,002
   RMB500,000,000 3.45% corporate bonds                                        (c)                           –               568,182
   RMB1,000,000,000 3.52% corporate bonds                                      (d)                1,101,322                1,136,364
   RMB1,500,000,000 3.10% corporate bonds                                      (e)                1,651,982                1,704,545
   RMB960,000,000 2.98% corporate bonds                                         (f)               1,057,269                1,090,909
   RMB1,500,000,000 3.09% corporate bonds                                      (g)                1,651,982                1,704,545
   RMB1,040,000,000 2.70% corporate bonds                                      (h)                1,145,374                1,181,819
   RMB1,100,000,000 2.88% corporate bonds                                       (i)               1,210,404                          –


                                                                                                  9,761,895              11,740,436
   Less: Current portion                                                                          (2,753,304)             (2,980,184)


   Non-current portion                                                                            7,008,591                8,760,252


   Notes:


   (a)      In November 2017, a subsidiary of the Company issued guaranteed notes with an aggregate principal amount of
            US$250,000,000 (the “2017 Notes”). The 2017 Notes bear fixed interest at the rate of 3.875% per annum payable semi-
            annually, are unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Company. The 2017 Notes shall become immediately due
            and payable in the event of the failure to perform or observe certain conditions set out in the trust deed which includes,
            inter alia, the negative pledge given by the Company and the said subsidiary. The 2017 Notes will mature on 29 November
            2027 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2017 Notes at 31 December 2023 was estimated at approximately
            HK$1,847,996,000 (2022: HK$1,798,271,000), which was determined based on the closing market price of the 2017
            Notes at that date and is within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.


   (b)      On 30 July 2020, the Company completed its public issuance of corporate bonds (first phase) with a principal amount of
            RMB2,000,000,000 (the “2020 Bonds I”) to professional investors in Chinese mainland. The 2020 Bonds I had a maturity
            of 3 years and the coupon rate is 3.48% per annum. The 2020 Bonds I were listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The
            2020 Bonds I was matured on 29 July 2023 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2020 Bonds I at 31 December
            2022 was estimated at approximately HK$2,278,227,000, which was determined based on the closing market price of the
            2020 Bonds I at that date and is within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.


   (c)      On 26 October 2020, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (first phase) with
            a principal amount of RMB500,000,000 (the “2020 Bonds II”) in Chinese mainland. The 2020 Bonds II have a maturity of
            3 years and the coupon rate is 3.45% per annum. The 2020 Bonds II were listed on the National Association of Financial
            Market Institutional Investors. The 2020 Bonds II was matured on 28 October 2023 at the principal amount. The fair value of
            the 2020 Bonds II at 31 December 2022 was estimated at approximately HK$569,301,000, which was determined based
            on the closing market price of the 2020 Bonds II at that date and is within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.


   (d)      On 31 May 2021, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (first phase) with a
            principal amount of RMB1,000,000,000 (the “2021 Bonds I”) in Chinese mainland. The 2021 Bonds I have a maturity of
            3 years and the coupon rate is 3.52% per annum. The 2021 Bonds I were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market.
            The 2021 Bonds I will mature on 31 May 2024 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2021 Bonds I at 31 December
            2023 was estimated at approximately HK$1,104,967,000 (2022: HK$1,139,398,000), which was determined based on the
            closing market price of the 2021 Bonds I at that date and is within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.
212   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      41. GUARANTEED NOTES PAYABLES AND CORPORATE BONDS (continued)
               Notes: (continued)


               (e)      On 29 December 2021, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (second phase)
                        with a principal amount of RMB1,500,000,000 (the “2021 Bonds II”) in Chinese mainland. The 2021 Bonds II have a
                        maturity of 3 years and the coupon rate is 3.10% per annum. The 2021 Bonds II were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond
                        Market. The 2021 Bonds II will mature on 29 December 2024 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2021 Bonds II at
                        31 December 2023 was estimated at approximately HK$1,658,128,000 (2022: HK$1,692,563,000), which was determined
                        based on the closing market price of the 2021 Bonds II at that date and is within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.


               (f)      On 2 April 2022, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (first phase) with a
                        principal amount of RMB960,000,000 (the “2022 Bonds I”) in Chinese mainland. The 2022 Bonds I have a maturity of 3
                        years and the coupon rate is 2.98% per annum. The 2022 Bonds I were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market. The
                        2022 Bonds I will mature on 2 April 2025 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2022 Bonds I at 31 December 2023
                        was estimated at approximately HK$1,060,018,000 (2022:HK$1,076,782,000), which was determined based on the closing
                        market price of the 2022 Bonds I at that date and is within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.


               (g)      On 27 April 2022, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (second phase) with
                        a principal amount of RMB1,500,000,000 (the “2022 Bonds II”) in Chinese mainland. The 2022 Bonds II have a maturity
                        of 3 years and the coupon rate is 3.09% per annum. The 2022 Bonds II were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market.
                        The 2022 Bonds II will mature on 27 April 2025 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2022 Bonds II at 31 December
                        2023 was estimated at approximately HK$1,658,012,000 (2022:HK$1,686,239,000), which was determined based on the
                        closing market price of the 2022 Bonds II at that date and is within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.


               (h)      On 19 August 2022, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (third phase) with a
                        principal amount of RMB1,040,000,000 (the “2022 Bonds III”) in Chinese mainland. The 2022 Bonds III have a maturity of 5
                        years and the coupon rate is 2.70% per annum. The 2022 Bonds III were listed on the China Inter-bank Bond Market. The
                        2022 Bonds III will mature on 19 August 2027 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2022 Bonds III at 31 December
                        2023 was estimated at approximately HK$1,143,072,000 (2022:HK$1,153,126,000), which was determined based on the
                        closing market price of the 2022 Bonds III at that date and is within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.


               (i)      On 21 August 2023, a subsidiary of the Company completed its public issuance of medium term notes (first phase) with
                        a principal amount of RMB1,100,000,000 (the “2023 Bonds”) in Chinese mainland. The 2023 Bonds have a maturity of 3
                        years and the coupon rate is 2.88% per annum. The 2023 Bonds were listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The 2023
                        Bonds will mature on 22 August 2026 at the principal amount. The fair value of the 2023 Bonds at 31 December 2023
                        was estimated at approximately HK$1,205,724,000, which was determined based on the closing market price of the 2023
                        Bonds at that date and is within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023      213
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023




42. DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATIONS
   Long service payment

   The Group is obligated to pay long service payment to qualifying employees in Hong Kong with a minimum of 5
   years employment period upon retirement or termination of employment under certain circumstances, in accordance
   with the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance (the “Employment Ordinance”). Long service payment is calculated
   based on the last monthly salary of the employees and the number of years of service. There are provisions under
   the Employment Ordinance permitting employers to offset employees’ long service payment against the accrued
   benefits attributable to employer’s contributions to the MPF Scheme. In 2022, the Employment and Retirement
   Schemes Legislation (Offsetting Arrangement) (Amendment) Bill 2022 (the “Amendment Bill”) was enacted, such
   that the Company can no longer use accrued benefits arising from MPF mandatory employer contributions to offset
   employees’ long service payment accrued as from the transition date in 2025. The enactment of the Amendment Bill
   is treated as a plan amendment. Except for the statutory right to offset as described above, the long service payment
   benefits are unfunded.


   The liability recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position in respect of long service payment is the net
   obligation, representing the present value of the future long service payment benefits reduced by entitlements from
   accrued benefits arising from MPF contributions made by the Group.


   The net long service payment obligation is exposed to interest rate risk, the risk of changes in the longevity at
   retirement or termination of employment for the Group’s employees, expected rate of future salary increase and
   market risk associated with investment returns of employees’ MPF Scheme.


   The present value of the net defined benefit obligations was carried out on 31 December 2023 by Towers Watson
   Hong Kong Limited, an independent qualified professional valuer, using the projected unit credit actuarial valuation
   method.


   The principal actuarial assumptions used as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                                2023                   2022


   Discount rate (%)                                                                              3.5                    3.5
   Expected rate of salary increases (%)                                                          4.0                    4.0


   Movements in the present value of the net defined benefit obligations are as follows:


                                                                                                2023                   2022
                                                                                            HK$’000                HK$’000


   At 1 January                                                                                     –                      –
   Service cost                                                                               23,555                       –


   At 31 December                                                                             23,555                       –
214   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      43. LOAN FROM A JOINT VENTURE
               Loan from a joint venture is unsecured, carrying interest at 6.8% (2022: 6.8%) per annum and will be matured in
               2024.


      44. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
               Pursuant to the A-shares Restricted Stock Incentive Plan (Phase III) (the “Incentive Plan (Phase III)”) of CSCECL,
               18,870,000 incentive shares were granted to certain employees of the Company (including three directors and certain
               senior management) on 26 December 2018 (the “Grant Date (Phase III)”) with an exercise price of RMB3.468 per
               share, subject to a lock-up period of two years’ service from the Grant Date (Phase III) (the “Lock-Up Period (Phase
               III)”). During the Lock-Up Period (Phase III), these shares are not transferable, nor subject to any guarantee, indemnity
               or pledge. One-third of the awards are vested each year starting from the beginning of the third year on a time-
               apportionment basis since the Grant Date (Phase III). Subject to CSCECL’s achievement of performance conditions
               and individual’s key performance indicators, the restriction over these shares will be removed, otherwise, CSCECL
               has a constructive obligation to repurchase the ordinary shares in cash if the performance conditions of CSCECL or
               the individual’s key performance indicators are not achieved.


               The fair value of incentive shares on the Grant Date (Phase III) determined using a comparable generally accepted
               methodology was RMB2.112 per share. The significant inputs into the methodology include closing price of RMB5.58
               per share on the Grant Date (Phase III), exercise price of RMB3.468 per share and share-based payments cap at
               30% of respective two years’ employees’ remuneration.


               In 2022, 5,010,000 incentive shares were exercised in accordance with the Incentive Plan (Phase III). In addition,
               except for 820,000 incentive shares lapsed due to transfer or resignation of directors and employees, no other
               incentive shares were cancelled.


               During the year, 5,130,000 incentive shares were exercised in accordance with the Incentive Plan (Phase III), no other
               incentive shares were lapsed or cancelled.


               Pursuant to the A-shares Restricted Stock Incentive Plan (Phase IV) (the “Incentive Plan (Phase IV)”) of CSCECL,
               34,620,000 incentive shares were granted to certain employees of the Company (including three directors and certain
               senior management) on 23 December 2020 (the “Grant Date (Phase IV)”) with an exercise price of RMB3.060 per
               share, subject to a lock-up period of two years’ service from the Grant Date (Phase IV) (the “Lock-Up Period (Phase
               IV)”). During the Lock-Up Period (Phase IV), these shares are not transferable, nor subject to any guarantee, indemnity
               or pledge. One-third of the awards are vested each year starting from the beginning of the third year on a time-
               apportionment basis since the Grant Date (Phase IV). Subject to CSCECL’s achievement of performance conditions
               and individual’s key performance indicators, the restriction over these shares will be removed, otherwise, CSCECL
               has a constructive obligation to repurchase the ordinary shares in cash if the performance conditions of CSCECL or
               the individual’s key performance indicators are not achieved.


               The fair value of incentive shares on the Grant Date (Phase IV) determined using a comparable generally accepted
               methodology was RMB1.94 per share. The significant inputs into the methodology include closing price of RMB5 per
               share on the Grant Date (Phase IV), exercise price of RMB3.060 per share and share-based payments cap at 40% of
               respective two years’ employees’ remuneration.
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023      215
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




44. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (continued)
   In 2022, no incentive shares were exercised, lapsed or cancelled.


   During the year, 11,250,000 incentive shares were exercised in accordance with the Incentive Plan (Phase IV). In
   addition, except for 820,000 incentive shares lapsed due to transfer or resignation of directors and employees, no
   other incentive shares were cancelled.


45. CASH FLOW INFORMATION
   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                Liabilities from financing activities

                                Guaranteed
                              notes payable                         Loans from
                              and corporate          Lease              a fellow        Loan from             Bank
                                      bonds       liabilities        subsidiary     a joint venture     borrowings          Total
                                    HK$’000        HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


   At 1 January 2022              12,381,573        109,608             739,706          2,955,665      57,953,280     74,139,832
   Cash flows                       (177,192)       (94,847)            232,082                   –      5,073,422      5,033,465
   Exchange adjustments             (470,994)        (5,135)             (62,697)         (228,392)      (3,861,589)   (4,628,807)
   Other non-cash movements            7,049        189,240                    –                  –         11,751       208,040


   At 31 December 2022 and
     1 January 2023               11,740,436        198,866             909,091          2,727,273      59,176,864     74,752,530
   Cash flows                     (1,565,996)      (134,273)           (223,714)                  –     10,310,448      8,386,465
   Exchange adjustments             (415,236)        (8,877)             (24,584)          (84,101)      (1,669,147)   (2,201,945)
   Other non-cash movements            2,691        175,479                    –                  –          7,298       185,468


   At 31 December 2023             9,761,895        231,195             660,793          2,643,172      67,825,463     81,122,518



46. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
   As at 31 December 2023, the Group provided guarantees amounted to approximately HK$840,113,000 (2022:
   HK$$616,383,000) for the repayment of the mortgage bank loans granted to purchasers of the Group’s properties.


   The fair value of the guarantees is not significant and the directors of the Company consider that in the event of
   default on payments, the net realisable value of the related properties can cover the repayment of the outstanding
   mortgage principals together with the accrued interest and penalties and therefore no provision has been made in
   these consolidated financial statements for the guarantees.
216   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      47. OPERATING LEASE ARRANGEMENTS
               The Group as lessor

               The Group leases its investment properties under operating lease arrangements. All of the properties leased out have
               committed tenants for the next 1 to 8 years (2022: 1 to 8 years) without termination options granted to tenants.


               At 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group had contracted with tenants for the following future minimum lease
               payments:


                                                                                                          2023                    2022
                                                                                                     HK$’000                HK$’000


               Within one year                                                                        110,482                 84,330
               After one year but within two years                                                      63,124                29,577
               After two years but within three years                                                   39,814                    6,737
               After three years but within four years                                                  31,830                    1,008
               After four years but within five years                                                    6,737                    1,586
               After five years                                                                         20,099                11,494


                                                                                                      272,086               134,732



      48. COMMITMENTS
               At 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group has the following commitments contracted but not provided for in the
               consolidated financial statements:


                                                                                                          2023                    2022
                                                                                                     HK$’000                HK$’000


               Contracted but not provided for
                 – construction in progress for property, plant and equipment                           23,975                20,947


               For unpaid committed investments relating to the Group’s interests in joint ventures, please refer to note 20(a) for
               details.
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023     217
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023




49. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   (a)    Transactions

          Apart from the balances due from or to related parties detailed elsewhere in the consolidated financial
          statements, the Group entered into the following material transactions with the immediate holding company,
          an intermediate holding company, fellow subsidiaries, a related company, associates and joint ventures during
          the year:

                                                                                           2023                  2022
                                                                                        HK$’000               HK$’000


          Fellow subsidiaries
            Rental income                                                                  3,300                5,081
            Rental expenses                                                                1,523                1,741
            Security service payments                                                    28,694                19,110
            Revenue from construction contracts                                       3,109,134             5,222,792
            Project consultancy service income                                           51,013                63,614
            Construction costs                                                        6,423,585            11,456,333
            Revenue from connection service                                              13,018                13,548
            Insurance premium income                                                      1,354                 1,327
            Interest income on debt securities at FVOCI                                   2,884                 2,884
            Interest income on deposits                                                   1,159                 4,112
            Interest expenses                                                            19,399                29,697
            Management fee expenses                                                       2,246                 3,637
            Sales of building materials                                                  36,109                17,943
            Purchase of construction materials                                           85,529                64,197

          Associates
            Purchase of construction materials                                          685,692               445,999
            Revenue from construction contracts                                       1,065,692             3,336,650
            Interest income                                                                 340                54,903
            Management fee income                                                             –                20,533
            Project consultancy service income                                            6,302                 5,561

          Joint ventures
            Revenue from construction contracts                                       3,220,521             5,853,249
            Interest income                                                              13,835                24,829
            Interest expenses                                                           220,172               216,546

          The immediate holding company
            Revenue from construction contracts                                                –               18,844
            Insurance premium income                                                       2,143                2,205

          Intermediate holding company
            Revenue from construction contracts                                       1,270,098             2,974,441

          Related company
            Revenue from construction contracts                                           14,738              156,277
            Project consultancy service income                                            18,687               33,893
218   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      49. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (continued)
               (b)      Significant transactions with other government-related entities in Chinese mainland

                        Certain of the Group’s business are operated in an economic environment currently predominated by entities
                        directly or indirectly owned, controlled or significantly influenced by the PRC government. In addition, the
                        Group itself is part of a larger group of companies under CSCEC which is controlled by the PRC government.


                        Apart from transactions with its immediate holding company, intermediate holding company, fellow
                        subsidiaries, related company, associates and joint ventures of the Group, the Group has entered into
                        transactions with other government-related entities including but not limited to the following:


                        •        Revenue from construction contract


                        •        Investment income


                        •        Finance costs


                        These transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of the Group’s business on terms comparable to
                        those with other entities that are not government-related.


                        Certain of the Company’s subsidiaries had entered into various transactions with government-related
                        entities, including general banking facilities transactions with certain banks and financial institutions which
                        are government- related entities, in their ordinary course of business. In view of the nature of those banking
                        transactions, the directors are of the opinion that separate disclosure would not be meaningful.


               (c)      Compensation of key management personnel

                        The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the year was as follows:


                                                                                                             2023                2022
                                                                                                         HK$’000              HK$’000


                        Short-term benefits                                                                69,039              76,787
                        Post-employment benefits                                                               265                 270


                                                                                                           69,304              77,057


                        The remuneration of directors and key executives is determined by the remuneration committee having regard
                        to the performance of individuals and market trends.


                        Apart from transactions with associates and joint ventures, certain related party transactions also constitute
                        connected transactions or continuing connected transactions under the Rules Governing the Listing of
                        Securities on the SEHK (the “Listing Rules”) for which the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter
                        14A of the Listing Rules had been duly complied with.
                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023   219
       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2023




50. COMPANY STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE
    MOVEMENT
                                                            2023                 2022
                                                         HK$’000              HK$’000


   Non-current Assets
    Interests in subsidiaries                         13,084,363           12,795,322


   Current Assets
    Deposits, prepayments and other receivables                –                9,634
    Amounts due from subsidiaries                     15,703,435           17,050,437
    Amount due from a joint venture                        3,120                3,120
    Tax recoverable                                        3,172                    –
    Bank balances and cash                               101,846               66,921


                                                      15,811,573           17,130,112


   Current Liabilities
    Other payables                                         35,200             123,441
    Tax payable                                                 –                 935
    Bank borrowings                                     4,913,009           1,244,126
    Corporate bonds                                             –           2,412,002


                                                        4,948,209           3,780,504


   Net Current Assets                                 10,863,364           13,349,608


   Total Assets less Current Liabilities              23,947,727           26,144,930


   Capital and Reserves
    Share capital                                        125,940              125,940
    Share premium and reserves (Note)                 21,005,486           20,771,490


                                                      21,131,426           20,897,430


   Non-current Liabilities
    Bank borrowings                                     2,816,301           5,247,500


                                                      23,947,727           26,144,930


   On behalf of the Board




                         Zhang Haipeng            Wang Xiaoguang
                             Director                  Director
220   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      50. COMPANY STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE
          MOVEMENT (continued)
               Note:

                                                                                              Capital
                                                                    Share     Special     redemption     Retained
                                                                 premium     reserve          reserve      profits        Total
                                                                  HK$’000    HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000


               At 1 January 2022                                20,486,023    76,970             337      293,968     20,857,298
               Profit and total comprehensive income
                 for the year                                            –           –             –    2,124,199      2,124,199
               Capital contribution relating to share-based
                 payment borne by an intermediate holding
                 company                                                 –     30,235              –             –        30,235
               Lapse of incentive shares                                 –      (5,513)            –         5,513             –
               Exercise of incentive shares                              –    (20,743)             –        20,743             –
               2021 final dividend paid                                  –           –             –    (1,032,711)   (1,032,711)
               2022 interim dividend paid                                –           –             –    (1,209,028)   (1,209,028)
               Unclaimed dividends forfeited                             –           –             –         1,497         1,497


               At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023           20,486,023    80,949             337      204,181     20,771,490
               Profit and total comprehensive income
                 for the year                                            –           –             –    2,823,622      2,823,622
               Capital contribution relating to share-based
                 payment borne by an intermediate holding
                 company                                                 –      4,747              –             –         4,747
               Lapse of incentive shares                                 –     (4,715)             –         4,715             –
               Exercise of incentive shares                              –    (41,586)             –        41,586             –
               2022 final dividend paid                                  –          –              –    (1,209,028)   (1,209,028)
               2023 interim dividend paid                                –          –              –    (1,385,345)   (1,385,345)


               At 31 December 2023                              20,486,023    39,395             337      479,731     21,005,486
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023                       221
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023




51. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
   Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 are as follows:


                                                        Place of
                                                        incorporation/    Issued and fully paid up share/      Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiary                                   operations        registered capital                      interest held          Principal activities
                                                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                                                                    %                %


   Directly held by the Company:
   China Overseas Insurance Limited                     Hong Kong         550,000,000 ordinary shares of          100              100   Insurance business
                                                                             HK$550,000,000
   China Overseas Insurance Services Limited            Hong Kong         500,000 ordinary shares of              100              100   Insurance brokerage services
                                                                             HK$500,000
   China State Construction Engineering (Hong Kong)     Hong Kong         1,355,569,190 ordinary shares           100              100   Building construction, civil and
      Limited                                                                of HK$1,355,569,190 and                                        foundation engineering works and
                                                                             844,430,810 non-voting deferred                                investment holding
                                                                             shares of HK$844,430,810
   China State Construction Science and Technology      Hong Kong         100 ordinary shares of HK$100           100              100   Provision of related installation repairs
      Limited                                                                                                                               and maintenance services
   Add Treasure Holdings Limited                        BVI/Hong Kong     1 ordinary share of US$1                100              100   Investment holding
   Zetson Enterprises Limited                           BVI/Hong Kong     1 ordinary share of US$1                100              100   Investment holding
   China State Construction Finance (Cayman) I          Cayman Islands/   1 ordinary share of US$1                100              100   Issuance of guaranteed notes
      Limited                                              Hong Kong
   CS International Holdings Limited                    Hong Kong         1 ordinary share of HK$1                100              100   Investment holding
   China State Construction International Investments   Hong Kong         1 ordinary share of HK$1                100              100   Investment holding
      Limited
   Ever Power Group Limited                             BVI/Hong Kong     1 ordinary share of US$1                100              100   Investment holding
   China State Construction Finance (Cayman) II         Cayman Islands/   1 ordinary share of US$1                100              100   Issuance of guaranteed notes
      Limited                                              Hong Kong
   China State Construction Finance (Cayman) III        Cayman Islands/   1 ordinary share of US$1                100              100   Issuance of guaranteed notes
      Limited                                              Hong Kong
   China State Construction Hailong Technology          Cayman Islands/   1 ordinary share of US$1                100              100   Investment holding
      Group Limited                                        Hong Kong
222   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      51. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                                                    Place of
                                                                    incorporation/   Issued and fully paid up share/         Attributable equity
               Name of subsidiary                                   operations       registered capital                         interest held           Principal activities
                                                                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                                                                                  %                %


               Indirectly held by the Company:
               China Overseas Building Construction Limited         Hong Kong        129,999,900 ordinary shares of             100              100    Building construction,
                                                                                        HK$1,299,999,000 and 100                                           project management and
                                                                                        non-voting deferred shares of                                      investment holding
                                                                                        HK$1,000
               China Overseas (Hong Kong) Limited                   Hong Kong        5,000,000 ordinary shares of               100              100    Investment holding and provision of
                                                                                        HK$50,000,000                                                      management services
               China State Civil Engineering Limited                Hong Kong        1,999,900 ordinary shares of               100              100    Civil engineering works, project
                                                                                        HK$19,999,000 and 100 non-                                         management and investment
                                                                                        voting deferred shares of HK$1,000                                 holding
               China State Foundation Engineering Limited           Hong Kong        99,500,000 ordinary shares of              100              100    Foundation engineering works and
                                                                                        HK$99,500,000 and 500,000                                          project management
                                                                                        non-voting deferred shares of
                                                                                        HK$500,000
               China State Machinery Limited                        Hong Kong        2 ordinary shares of HK$2                  100              100    Lease of plant and machinery
               China State Mechanical & Electrical Engineering      Hong Kong        100,000,000 ordinary shares of             100              100    Mechanical and electrical engineering
                  Limited                                                               HK$100,000,000                                                     works and project management
               CSCEC Trade Mark Limited                             Hong Kong        2 ordinary shares of HK$2                  100              100    Holding of trade marks
               China Overseas Foundation Engineering Limited        Hong Kong        1 ordinary share of HK$1                   100              100    Property investment
               Eastgood Investments Limited                         Hong Kong        2 ordinary shares of HK$2                  100              100    Investment holding
               China Overseas Mechanical & Electrical Engineering   Hong Kong        100 ordinary shares of HK$100              100              100    Mechanical and electrical engineering
                  Limited                                                                                                                                  works and project management
               Far East Facade (Hong Kong) Limited                  Hong Kong        900,000 ordinary shares of               70.78             70.78   Design, manufacture and installation
                                                                                        HK$188,952,242 and 5,000                                           of curtain walls, aluminium
                                                                                        non-voting deferred shares of                                      windows and other related
                                                                                        HK$500,000                                                         products
               Speedclass Development Limited                       Hong Kong        100 ordinary shares of HK$100              100              100    Project management
               Treasure Construction Engineering Limited            Hong Kong        150,000,000 ordinary shares of           70.78             70.78   Building construction
                                                                                        HK$150,000,000
               Transcendence Company Limited                        Hong Kong        1 ordinary share of HK$1                   100              100    Sales and distribution of construction
                                                                                                                                                           materials
               Barkgate Enterprises Limited                         BVI/Hong Kong    200 ordinary shares of US$1 each           100              100    Investment holding
               China Overseas Public Utility Investment Limited     BVI              1 ordinary share of US$1                 70.78             70.78   Investment holding
                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023                      223
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




51. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                                     Place of
                                                     incorporation/       Issued and fully paid up share/   Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiary                                operations           registered capital                   interest held           Principal activities
                                                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                                                                 %                %


   Indirectly held by the Company: (continued)
   China Overseas Ports Investment Company Limited   BVI/Hong Kong        64,100,000 ordinary shares of        100              100    Investment holding
      (formerly known as Ambition Enterprises                                 US$1 each
      Limited)
   China Overseas Technology Holdings Limited        BVI/Hong Kong        1 ordinary share of US$1             100              100    Investment holding
   Citycharm Investments Limited                     BVI/Hong Kong        1 ordinary share of US$1             100              100    Investment holding
   China State Hailong Construction Technology       Hong Kong            1 ordinary share of HK$1             100              100    Manufacturing and sales of precast
      Company Limited                                                                                                                     structures
   Fuller Sky Enterprises Limited                    BVI                  1 ordinary share of US$1           70.78             70.78   Investment holding
   Perfect Castle Limited                            BVI/Hong Kong        1 ordinary share of US$1             100              100    Investment holding
   Oceanic Empire Holdings Limited                   BVI/Hong Kong        1 ordinary share of US$1             100              100    Investment holding
   Value Idea Investments Limited                    BVI                  1 ordinary share of US$1           70.78             70.78   Investment holding
   Weedon International Limited                      BVI/Hong Kong        1 ordinary share of US$1             100              100    Investment holding
   Gamma Windows and Walls International Inc.        Canada               100 common shares of               66.27             66.27   Design, manufacture and installation
                                                                              CAD53,362.36 each                                           of curtain walls, aluminium
                                                                                                                                          windows and other related
                                                                                                                                          products
   China State Construction Development Holdings     Cayman Islands/Hong 2,255,545,000 ordinary shares of    70.78             70.78   Investment holding
      Limited (iii)                                        Kong               HK$0.01 each
   Alchmex International Construction Limited        United Kingdom/      20,000,000 ordinary shares of        100              100    Building construction, civil and marine
                                                           Hong Kong          GBP1 each                                                   engineering works, project and
                                                                                                                                          construction management
   Far East Facade (UK) Limited                      United Kingdom       1 ordinary share of GBP1           70.78             70.78   Design, manufacture and installation
                                                                                                                                          of curtain walls, aluminium
                                                                                                                                          windows and other related
                                                                                                                                          products
   China Construction Engineering (Macau) Company    Macau                MOP300,000,000                       100              100    Building construction, civil engineering
      Limited                                                                                                                             works and investment holding
   COHL (Macao) Commercial and Industrial            Macau                MOP200,000                           100              100    Investment holding
      Company Limited
   CSFE (Macau) Limited                              Macau                MOP200,000                           100              100    Foundation engineering works
   CSME (Macau) Limited                              Macau                MOP200,000                           100              100    Mechanical and electrical engineering
                                                                                                                                          works and investment holding
224   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      51. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                                             Place of
                                                             incorporation/        Issued and fully paid up share/   Attributable equity
               Name of subsidiary                            operations            registered capital                   interest held           Principal activities
                                                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                                                          %                %


               Indirectly held by the Company: (continued)
               Far East Facade (Macau) Limited               Macau                 MOP25,000                          70.78             70.78   Installation of curtain walls, aluminium
                                                                                                                                                   windows and other related
                                                                                                                                                   products
               C.S.H.K. Dubai Contracting L.L.C.             United Arab Emirates 1,000 ordinary shares of              100              100    Building construction and road
                                                                                      AED1,000 each                                                contracting
               Gamma North Corporation                       United States of      1 share of US$1                    66.27             66.27   Manufacture of curtain walls,
                                                                America                                                                            aluminium windows and other
                                                                                                                                                   related products
               Gamma USA, Inc.                               United States of      1,000 shares of US$0.001 each      66.27             66.27   Design, manufacture and installation
                                                                America                                                                            of curtain walls, aluminium
                                                                                                                                                   windows and other related
                                                                                                                                                   products
               Precious Deluxe Global Limited                BVI/Hong Kong         1 ordinary share of US$1             100              100    Investment holding
               On Success Development Limited                Hong Kong             10,000 shares of HK$1 each           100              100    Property investment
               Advocate Properties Limited                   Hong Kong             10,000,000 shares of HK$1 each       100              100    Investment holding
               中建投資（珠海）有限公司 (i) (ii)                         Chinese mainland      HK$250,000,000                       100              100    Property investment and
                                                                                                                                                   management
               瀋陽皇姑熱電有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland      RMB680,660,000                     70.78             70.78   Generation and supply of heat and
                                                                                                                                                   electricity and investment holding
               中海建築有限公司 (i) (ii)                             Chinese mainland      RMB350,000,000                       100              100    Building construction, civil engineering
                                                                                                                                                   works and investment holding
               中海監理有限公司 (ii)                                 Chinese mainland      RMB50,000,000                      70.78             70.78   Provision of project consultancy
                                                                                                                                                   service
               中建海龍科技有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland      RMB100,000,000                       100              100    Manufacturing and sales of precast
                                                                                                                                                   structures
               安徽海龍建築工業有限公司 (ii)                             Chinese mainland      RMB10,000,000                        100              100    Manufacturing and sales of precast
                                                                                                                                                   structures
               中建陽泉基礎設施投資有限公司 (i) (ii)                       Chinese mainland      RMB100,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure construction and
                                                                                                                                                   operation
               陽泉市陽五高速公路投資管理有限公司 (ii)                        Chinese mainland      RMB202,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure construction and
                                                                                                                                                   operation
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023                  225
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023




51. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                                 Place of
                                                 incorporation/     Issued and fully paid up share/   Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiary                            operations         registered capital                   interest held           Principal activities
                                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                                           %                %


   Indirectly held by the Company: (continued)
   深圳市中建宏達投資有限公司 (ii)                            Chinese mainland   RMB200,000,000                       100              100    Investment holding
   深圳市中海投資有限公司 (ii)                              Chinese mainland   RMB500,000,000                       100              100    Investment holding
   中海創業投資（深圳）有限公司 (i) (ii)                       Chinese mainland   US$29,800,000                        100              100    Investment holding
   中建國際投資集團有限公司 (i) (ii)                         Chinese mainland   US$3,500,000,000                     100              100    Investment holding
   杭州海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
   溫州海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB900,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
   平陽海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
   中建國際投資（鎮江）有限公司 (i) (ii)                       Chinese mainland   RMB180,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
   中海物流（深圳）有限公司 (ii)                             Chinese mainland   RMB53,437,250                        100              100    Property investment
   上海力進鋁質工程有限公司 (ii)                             Chinese mainland   RMB37,958,749                      70.78             70.78   Design, manufacture and installation
                                                                                                                                    of curtain walls, aluminium
                                                                                                                                    windows and other related
                                                                                                                                    products
   遠東幕牆（深圳）有限公司 (ii)                             Chinese mainland   RMB70,000,000                      70.78             70.78   Manufacture of curtain walls,
                                                                                                                                    aluminium windows and other
                                                                                                                                    related products
   龍海海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
   中建國際投資（湖州）有限公司 (i) (ii)                       Chinese mainland   RMB270,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
   中建國際投資（杭州）有限公司 (i) (ii)                       Chinese mainland   RMB670,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
   中建國際投資（山東）有限公司 (i) (ii)                       Chinese mainland   RMB1,800,000,000                     100              100    Infrastructure investment
   中建國際投資（淮安）有限公司 (i) (ii)                       Chinese mainland   RMB900,000                           100              100    Infrastructure investment
   中建國際投資（句容）有限公司 (i) (ii)                       Chinese mainland   RMB200,000,000                        90                90   Infrastructure investment
   嘉興海悅建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB244,887,980                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
   資陽海悅建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
   濱州海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB156,687,746                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
   淮安海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB608,810,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
   合肥中建國際投資發展有限公司 (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB200,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
   深圳裕龍建築有限公司 (ii)                               Chinese mainland   RMB2,000,000                         100              100    Provision of subcontracting services
   山東海龍建築科技有限公司 (ii)                             Chinese mainland   RMB30,000,000                        100              100    Manufacture and sales of
                                                                                                                                    precast structures
   中建國際投資（台州）有限公司 (i) (ii)                       Chinese mainland   RMB283,286,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
226   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      51. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                                             Place of
                                                             incorporation/     Issued and fully paid up share/   Attributable equity
               Name of subsidiary                            operations         registered capital                   interest held           Principal activities
                                                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                                                       %                %


               Indirectly held by the Company: (continued)
               杭州海榮建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB160,000,000                        90                90   Infrastructure investment
               淄博海勝建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB394,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
               鄭州海河建設工程有限公司 (i) (ii)                         Chinese mainland   RMB200,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
               淄博海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB982,377,136                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
               淄博海悅建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB50,000,000                        100             100     Infrastructure investment
               淮安海悅建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB120,000,000                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
               嘉興海耀建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB240,453,977                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
               杭州海悅建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB140,000,000                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
               中建國際投資（嘉興）有限公司 (i) (ii)                       Chinese mainland   RMB275,000,000                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
               成都海耀建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB25,000,000                        100             100     Infrastructure investment
               長沙海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB692,000,000                        90                90   Infrastructure investment
               句容海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB518,500,000                        90                90   Infrastructure investment
               平和海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB175,000,000                        80                80   Infrastructure investment
               濟寧海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB371,831,000                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
               安康中建建設發展有限公司 (i) (ii)                         Chinese mainland   RMB150,000,000                        90                90   Infrastructure investment
               淄博海榮建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB200,000,000                        99                99   Infrastructure investment
               溫洲海耀建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB350,000,000                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
               句容海悅建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB234,000,000                        90                90   Infrastructure investment
               南昌海博建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                        95                95   Infrastructure investment
               南昌海悅建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                        95                95   Infrastructure investment
               龍山海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB78,000,000                         80                80   Infrastructure investment
               成都海旭建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB50,000,000                        100             100     Infrastructure investment
               臨沂海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB693,358,189                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
               汝陽縣海耀建設工程有限公司 (ii)                            Chinese mainland   RMB58,000,000                         80                80   Infrastructure investment
               杭州海騰建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB200,000,000                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
               徐州海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB120,000,000                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
               濟寧海耀建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB238,600,000                        99                99   Infrastructure investment
               貴州海投建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB250,000,000                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
               淄博海新建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB381,935,537                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
               商丘海嘉建築工程有限公司 (ii)                             Chinese mainland   RMB200,000,000                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
               宿州海龍建築科技有限公司 (i) (ii)                         Chinese mainland   RMB10,000,000                        100             100     Manufacturing and sales of precast
                                                                                                                                                structure
               合肥海嘉建築有限公司 (ii)                               Chinese mainland   RMB200,000,000                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023                      227
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023




51. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                                 Place of
                                                 incorporation/     Issued and fully paid up share/   Attributable equity
   Name of subsidiary                            operations         registered capital                   interest held           Principal activities
                                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                                           %                %


   Indirectly held by the Company: (continued)
   武穴海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB360,899,100                        90                90   Infrastructure investment
   六安中建國際投資發展有限公司 (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
   中建國際投資（徐州）有限公司 (i) (ii)                       Chinese mainland   RMB361,500,000                        90                90   Infrastructure investment
   濟南海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB70,000,000                        100              100    Infrastructure investment
   湖州海榮建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                        80                80   Infrastructure investment
   杭州海旭建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB60,000,000                        100              100    Infrastructure investment
   中建國際工程有限公司 (ii)                               Chinese mainland   RMB1,000,000,000                     100              100    Building construction, civil engineering
                                                                                                                                    works and investment holding
   安徽中建國際投資置業有限公司 (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB280,000,000                       100              100    Property development
   中建興業投資（湖南）有限公司 (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB200,000,000                     70.78             70.78   Investment holding
   湖南遠東力進建築工程有限公司 (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB50,000,000                      70.78             70.78   Consultancy and construction service
   十堰海悅建設有限公司 (ii)                               Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                        80                80   Infrastructure investment
   鄖西海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                        75                75   Infrastructure investment
   湖州海旭建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                        90                90   Infrastructure investment
   杭州海勝建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB92,800,000                         93                93   Infrastructure investment
   邯鄲海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB143,157,900                        95                95   Infrastructure investment
   綿陽海升建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB360,000,000                        90                90   Infrastructure investment
   泉州海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB30,000,000                         80                80   Infrastructure investment
   泉州海悅建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                     79.99             79.99   Infrastructure investment
   樂平海嘉工程建設有限公司 (ii)                             Chinese mainland   RMB50,000,000                         95                95   Infrastructure investment
   十堰海勝建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                        80                80   Infrastructure investment
   滁州海嘉同創建設管理有限公司 (i) (ii)                       Chinese mainland   RMB588,000,000                        69                69   Infrastructure investment
   濟南海新建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB56,000,000                        100              100    Infrastructure investment
   安福海福建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                        95                95   Infrastructure investment
   台州海旭建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB157,120,000                        90                90   Infrastructure investment
   鹽城海銳置業有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB300,000,000                       100              100    Property development
   溫州海恒建設發展有限公司 (ii)                             Chinese mainland   RMB40,000,000                        100              100    Infrastructure investment
   台州海創建設有限公司 (ii)                               Chinese mainland   RMB50,000,000                        100              100    Infrastructure investment
   湖州海嘉建設發展有限公司 (ii)                             Chinese mainland   RMB50,000,000                        100              100    Infrastructure investment
   台州海恒建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB107,578,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
   莆田海恒建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB100,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
   淄博海創置業有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB35,294,100                         51                51   Property development
   鹽城海建置業有限公司 (ii)                               Chinese mainland   RMB20,000,000                         55                55   Property development
   江蘇鹽城城投海銘建設發展有限公司 (i) (ii)                     Chinese mainland   RMB200,000,000                        80                80   Infrastructure investment
   溫州海銳建設發展有限公司 (ii)                             Chinese mainland   RMB30,000,000                        100              100    Infrastructure investment
228   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      For the year ended 31 December 2023




      51. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (continued)

                                                             Place of
                                                             incorporation/     Issued and fully paid up share/   Attributable equity
               Name of subsidiary                            operations         registered capital                   interest held           Principal activities
                                                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                                                       %                %


               Indirectly held by the Company: (continued)
               溫州海澤建設發展有限公司 (i) (ii)                         Chinese mainland   RMB619,405,301                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
               西安海盛紡織城建設發展有限公司 (i) (ii)                      Chinese mainland   RMB44,444,400                         90                90   Infrastructure investment
               洛陽海誠建設發展有限公司 (ii)                             Chinese mainland   RMB200,000,000                        80                80   Infrastructure investment
               淮南海嘉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB321,920,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
               湖州海創建設有限公司 (ii)                               Chinese mainland   RMB135,000,000                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
               溫州海築建設發展有限公司 (ii)                             Chinese mainland   RMB253,846,121                       100              100    Infrastructure investment
               溫州海揚建設發展有限公司 (ii)                             Chinese mainland   RMB30,000,000                        100             100     Infrastructure investment
               中建澳門（廣東橫琴）發展有限公司 (i) (ii)                     Chinese mainland   RMB42,221,520                        100             100     Investment holding
               泰州海鑫建設發展有限公司 (ii)                             Chinese mainland   RMB20,000,000                        100             100     Infrastructure investment
               滁州海悅建設發展有限公司 (ii)                             Chinese mainland   RMB30,000,000                        100             100     Infrastructure investment
               寧波海昱建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB598,775,000                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
               廣東海領建設工程有限公司 (i) (ii)                         Chinese mainland   HK$323,060,000                       100             100     Infrastructure investment
               西咸新區海嘉新城建設發展有限公司 (ii)                         Chinese mainland   RMB20,000,000                        100             100     Infrastructure investment
               寧波海晉建設有限公司 (i) (ii)                           Chinese mainland   RMB264,087,085                       100             100     Infrastructure investment


               Notes:

               (i)       Registered as foreign owned enterprise


               (ii)      Limited liability company registered in Chinese mainland


               (iii)     Listed company


               None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities outstanding at the end of the year or at any time during
               the year, except for China State Construction Finance (Cayman) II Limited and 中建國際投資集團有限公司, which
               have issued guaranteed notes payable and corporate bonds of US$250,000,000 (2022: US$250,000,000) and
               RMB7,100,000,000 (2022: RMB6,500,000,000), respectively (Note 41).


               The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the
               results or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the Company’s directors,
               result in particulars of excessive length.
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023    229

                                                    FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY



CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
                                                            For the year ended 31 December
                                                 2019          2020          2021            2022          2023
                                              HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


Revenue                                     61,669,678    62,458,009    77,309,614    101,975,265    113,734,013


Profit before finance costs                  8,190,659     8,342,932    10,901,326     13,160,974     14,363,348
Share of profits of
  Joint ventures                              452,654       701,944       369,246        275,196        629,969
  Associates                                  920,143      1,879,577      782,808        333,934        314,539
Finance costs                               (2,278,985)   (2,679,977)   (2,668,202)    (2,991,419)    (3,204,309)


Profit before tax                            7,284,471     8,244,476     9,385,178     10,778,685     12,103,547
Income tax expense, net                     (1,560,891)   (1,760,302)   (1,949,294)    (2,309,221)    (2,390,599)


Profit for the year                          5,723,580     6,484,174     7,435,884      8,469,464      9,712,948


Profit for the year attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                      5,413,208     6,015,368     6,800,879      7,956,876      9,164,045
  Holders of perpetual capital securities     260,166       407,246       465,132        295,824        304,788
  Non-controlling interests                    50,206        61,560       169,873        216,764        244,115


                                             5,723,580     6,484,174     7,435,884      8,469,464      9,712,948
230   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Five Year Financial Summary (continued)




      CONSOLIDATED NET ASSETS
                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                      2019            2020            2021            2022            2023
                                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Property, plant and equipment                               4,240,373      4,819,175       5,143,358       4,869,816       5,664,826
      Right-of-use assets                                          486,005         571,372         554,978         570,025         600,332
      Investment properties                                       5,067,333      4,643,331       5,126,232       7,080,272       6,923,849
      Interests in infrastructure project
        investments                                               4,747,131      5,713,846       5,726,639       4,742,261       3,651,302
      Interests in joint ventures                                14,012,737     16,453,237      18,388,085      16,771,131      16,916,238
      Interests in associates                                     6,300,683      6,829,830       9,347,225       7,482,593       6,116,328
      Concession operating rights                                 3,837,846      3,812,526       3,784,772       3,328,066       3,066,257
      Deferred tax assets                                          157,833         177,691         173,764         119,698         123,170
      Trademark, project backlogs and licences                     289,117         278,416         266,102         237,361         216,116
      Goodwill                                                     577,664         577,664         577,664         577,664         577,664
      Financial assets at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                       658,355         689,958         693,390         545,886         388,709
      Amounts due from investee companies                          211,806         211,806         211,806         231,481         222,047
      Trade and other receivables                                44,317,072     53,729,653      54,434,753      53,285,839      55,600,846
      Loans to joint ventures                                     1,020,307        295,761         898,754         827,673       1,283,721


                                                                 85,924,262     98,804,266     105,327,522     100,669,766     101,351,405
      CURRENT ASSETS                                             75,499,641     88,007,041     113,956,903     128,180,363     147,923,280


      TOTAL ASSETS                                              161,423,903    186,811,307     219,284,425     228,850,129     249,274,685


      NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Bank borrowings                                           (29,347,618)    (35,488,761)    (47,848,335)    (45,457,207)    (51,310,456)
      Guaranteed notes payables and
        corporate bonds                                          (6,216,049)     (9,179,000)     (8,095,418)     (8,760,252)     (7,008,591)
      Contract liabilities                                         (688,210)       (656,125)       (667,106)       (663,898)       (591,473)
      Defined benefit obligations                                         –               –               –               –         (23,555)
      Deferred tax liabilities                                     (403,675)       (399,898)       (520,728)       (508,208)       (590,736)
      Loan from a joint venture                                  (2,711,864)     (2,843,602)     (2,955,665)     (2,727,273)              –
      Lease liabilities                                             (43,152)        (24,882)        (58,454)       (112,195)       (116,760)


                                                                (39,410,568)    (48,592,268)    (60,145,706)    (58,229,033)    (59,641,571)
      CURRENT LIABILITIES                                       (71,105,770)    (79,939,492)    (92,922,448)   (102,824,642)   (115,355,495)


      TOTAL LIABILITIES                                     (110,516,338)      (128,531,760)   (153,068,154)   (161,053,675)   (174,997,066)


      NET ASSETS                                                 50,907,565     58,279,547      66,216,271      67,796,454      74,277,619
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023    231

                  PARTICULARS OF MAJOR INVESTMENT PROPERTIES



                                                                                                   Approximate
                                                                                                    gross floor        Group’s
Address                                                           Use          Lease term                 area         interest
                                                                                                          (sq.ft)            %


(a)       11th, 12th and 13th Floors, China Construction          Commercial   Freehold                  15,672            100
          Commercial Building, Rua do Campo No: 88–96 and
          Rua de Santa Clara No: 1–3A, Macau

(b)       1st, 2nd, 3rd, 13th, 14th, 22nd and 23rd Floors,        Commercial   Medium term lease         60,692            100
          Zhongjian Commercial Building, Yingbin Road South,
          Gongbei District, Zhuhai, Guangdong Province,
          Chinese mainland

(c)       Shop A on Ground Floor and Car Parking Spaces,          Commercial   Medium term lease          6,542            100
          Nos. 1 to 24 on 1st Floor, Fu Po Garden, Estrada
          Marginal do Hipodromo No: 70–76, Macau

(d)       Shops on Basement, Ground Floor and 1st Floor, Car      Commercial   Freehold                  16,175            100
          Parking Spaces Nos. 1 to 6 on 1st Floor and Nos. 15
          to 16 on 2nd Floor, Edificio Ou Va, Rua do Ribeira do
          Patane No: 109–115, Avenida Marginal do Patane
          No: 26–36, Macau

(e)       Shops A, C and E on Ground Floor, Shops B and D         Commercial   Medium term lease        101,996            100
          on 1st Floor, office floors Rooms A, B, E, F on 4th
          Floor, Rooms B to E on 5th Floor, Rooms A to C and
          E to F on 6th Floor, Rooms A to E on 7th Floor, 8th
          Floor, Rooms B to F on 9th Floor, Rooms A, D, E on
          10th Floor, Rooms C to F on 11th Floor, Rooms A to
          B on 12th Floor, Rooms C to F on 16th Floor, Rooms
          A to E on 18th Floor, 19th Floor and Rooms A to E on
          20th Floor, 6 car parking spaces on basement floor
          and 61 car parking spaces on 2nd and 3rd Floors,
          China Overseas Building, 139 Hennessy Road and
          138 Lockhart Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong

(f)       Room 201–401. Building #1, 371 Ding Mao Qiao            Commercial   Medium term lease        389,380            100
          Road, Zhenjiang, Jiangsu Province, Chinese mainland

(g)       Factory at Lot No. 8, north of Dabieshan Road, south    Industrial   Medium term lease        109,879            100
          of Yonghe Road, east of Yunshan Road, west of
          Shuishan Road, Yeji Economic Development Zone,
          Luan, Anhui Province, Chinese mainland
232   China State Construction International Holdings Limited

      Particulars of Major Investment Properties (continued)




                                                                                                         Approximate
                                                                                                          gross floor     Group’s
      Address                                                           Use          Lease term                 area      interest
                                                                                                                (sq.ft)         %


      (h)       Factory 1–7 and 15, South of Yinxing Road, east         Industrial   Medium term lease         82,754         100
                of Jingui Road, Small and Micro Pioneer Park, Yeji
                Economic Development Zone, Luan, Anhui Province,
                Chinese mainland

      (i)       Yao Li Factory, West of 2nd Industrial Road, Yao Li     Industrial   Medium term lease         31,670         100
                Industrial Zone, Yeji District, Luan, Anhui Province,
                Chinese mainland

      (j)       China Overseas Logistics Centre, Mingzhu Road,          Industrial   Medium term lease        474,050         100
                Yantian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province,
                Chinese mainland
C004888
